JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 31.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

From November the nth, 1766,

In the Seventh Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

TO

March the 10th, 1768,

In the Eighth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 31.

[ 3 ]

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE ^COMMONS.

Seir. 1766 — 7.

Martts, n* die Novembris',

Anno 7* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1766.

Meflaee <A MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir

to attend the /m Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black . /% Rod:

JL JL Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned j

Outlawry . A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Bill. Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The King’s Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended reported. Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the

Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr. Speaker said lie had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The high Price of Wheat, and the defective Produce of that Grain last Harvest, together with the extraordinary Demands for the same from foreign Parts, have principally determined Me to call you thus early together, that I might have the Sense of Parliament, as soon as conveniently might be, on a Matter so important, and particularly affecting the poorer Sort of My Subjects.

The Urgency of the Necessity called upon Me, in the mean Time, to exert My Royal Authority for the Preservation of the Public Safety, against a.growing Calamity, which could not admit of Delay. I have therefore, by and with the Advice of My Privy Council, laid an Embargo on Wheat and Wheat-flour goingout of the Kingdom, until the Advice of Parliament could be taken thereupon.

If further Provisions of Law be requisite or expedient with regard to the Dearness of Com, so necessary to the Sustenance of the poorer Sort, they cannot escape the Wisdom of Parliament, to which I recommend the due Consideration thereof.

At the same Time I mull with Concern take Notice, that notwithstanding My Cares, for My People, a Spirit Vjjl. 31.

of the most daring Insurrection has in divers Parts broke forth in Violences of the most criminal Nature.

Necessary Orders have been given for bringing such dangerous Offenders to condign Punishment, and speedy Justice; nor shall Vigilance and Vigour on My Part be wanting, to restore Obedience and Rev©, rence to Law and Government.

I have the Satisfaction to inform you, that, lince I last met you, I have concluded a Treaty of Commerce with My good Sifter the Empress of Russia, whereby that cohsiderable Branch of Trade is fixed on a just and satisfactory Footing.

It is with Pleasure that I also acquaint you, that the Marriage between My good Brother the King of Denmark and My Sifter the Princess Caroline Mathilda has been felemnized, and the natural Alliance between the Two Crowns happily strengthened by an additional Tye of so agreeable a Nature.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the proper Ellimates for the current Service of the Year to be laid before you.

Such Supplies as you may grant shall be duly applied with the utmost Fidelity, and strictest Regard to the Objects for which they are granted.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The general Posture of Affairs in Europe affords no Occasion to lay any Thing new before you upon that Head. My purposes are constant and fixt to maintain, on My Part, the Public Tranquillity inviolate; and to support the Dignity of My Crown, and the Rights of My Subjects. Ibe Justice and Wisdom of the other great Powers of Europe leave no room to apprehend any Intentions of a contrary Nature.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Addrefi posed. That an humble Address be presented to His on the King’s. Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this Speech. House for His most gracious Speech from the Throne;

To express the grateful Sense we entertain of the paternal Care and tender Regard His Majesty has shewn for the Welfare of His People, by laying an Embargo on Wheat and Wheat-flour going out of the Kingdom, until His Majesty should have the Advice of Parliament on that important Subject.

To assure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons will not fail, agreeably to His Majesty’s Recommendation, to take this weighty Matter into their most serious Consideration, in order, by timely and effectual Measures, to purtbe the two great Ends which His Majesty’s Wisdom has pointed out, of providing against the

many

n° Novembris.

A. 17

Addrtfs on . many Evils attending a Dearnefc or Scarcity of ProvU th< King’» fions, especially to the poorer Sort of His Majesty’s Spcec . Subjects; and, at the same Time, of suppressing that daring and dangerous Spirit of Riot, which has of late too generally shewn itself ip many Paj-ts of this Kingdom. r

To assure His Majesty of our unfeigned Joy, on the safe and happy Delivery of Her Majesty, and on the Birth of a Princess; every Increase of His Majesty’s Royal Family being a fresh Pledge of the future Liberty and Happiness of His People.

To congratulate His Majesty on the Solemnization ' of the Marriage of His Majesty’s Sifter, the Princess (faroline Mathilda, with the King of Denmark; by

which the Union with that ancient and potent Ally of His Majesty’s Crown is established bn a fixed and permanent Foundation.

took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for those P:.-poses.

And then the Question being put. That the Words proposed as an Amendment to the said Question, be there inserted;

It pa{fed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to -the Question, by inserting, in the same Place, these

Address on the King'* Speech.

Words, " But, that we cannot observe without the highest Concern, that, when it appeared by the Proclamation of the Tenth of against Forestallers,

Regrators, and Engrolfers, that, the Prices of Corn were very much already increased, and likely to grow much dearer, to the great Oppression of the Poor, His Ma-To return His Majesty our Thanks for His gracious jesty should, on the fameTenth of , have been

Communication, that a Treaty of Commerce has been advised to prorogue the Parliament for sixty-two Days, lately concluded with the Empress of Russia; which, indeed of assembling it on this great Emergency as while it gives us Hopes of seeing that important soon as possible, which has been done upon many Oc-Branch of our Trade continued hereafter on a solid and cafions of far lets Moment; and particularly in a very advantageous Footing, is a new Proof of His Majesty’s recent Instance, onTwelve Days Notice only; by which constant Regard for the true Interest of this Commercial long Prorogation it became impossible for His Majesty, Nation. in a Time of Dearth and Tumult, to give His Subjects

To allure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons that Relief and Security which their calamitous Situa-will chear&illy grant such Supplies as shall be neeef- tion required, and which the Authority of the Legifla-fary for the Service of the Year; having the utmost ture alone could effectually and legally provide.’’

Confidence in the Assurance His Majesty is pleased to give, that they will be. punctually applied to those rurposes for which they shall b,e granted.

To express pur highest Satisfaction in the present happy Establishment of the Public Tranquillity; and the well-grounded Hopes we entertain from the Wisdom of His Majesty’s Councils, and the Influence of Hfe Example, that, while He wifely unites, with the Resolution to support the Dignity of His Crown, and the Rights of His People, a true Zeal for the general Peace and Happinefc of Mankind, the same Spirit of Ejqqity and Moderation, which animates His Majesty’s Conduct, will direct die Councils of the other great Powers of Europe to the like pacific and salutary Views.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made tq the Question, by inserting alter the Words, " that important Subject," these Words, " To assure His Majesty, that we will immediately proceed’ to prepare a Bill for-indemnifying those, who, because His Majesty was deprived of the Opportunity of taking the Advice

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, in the same Place, these Words, " To assure His Majesty, that we will enable Him to give effectual Affiltance to the poorest Part of our Fellow Subjects, to be applied either in the Purchase of Corn, or in Bounties on such Corn as shall be brought by Farmers to Market, or in such other Manner as His Majesty in His great Humanity and Companion shall think fit; and that we will make good, out of the next Aids which shall be granted by Parliament, such. Expences as shall be incurred by His Majesty, in relieving their Wants, under the present unusual high Price of all Kinds of Provision."

And the Question being put. That those Words he there inserted;

lb passed in the Negative.

And tl*ro another Amendment was proposed to be of Parliament, in consequence of its having been pro- made to the Question, by inserting, in the same Place, Kogued to so distant a Day as the 1 ith of November, these Words, " To allure His Majesty, that we will ap-advised His Majesty by proclamation to prohibit the ply ourselves with all Diligence, to diminish the Publie Exportation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, and for the Expence, and to lessen the moil burthensome Taxes; Relief of all such Persons as by Means thereof are.in- from which the present Distresses of His Majesty’s Sub-volved in Law Suits and Difficulties; and in order, by jects in Great Britain, have in a greatMealure arisen; such Bill, to prevent the future Abuse of a Precedent, and in consequence of which, if a timely and effectual which, in Times of lets urgent Necessity, may be. Remedy be not applied, there is too much Reason to

perverted to justify a wanton Violation of the moil sacred Laws, and a dangerous Infringement of the Constitution,"

The House was,moved, that Part of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Trade, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was. aHo moved, that Part of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Improvement of Tillage and the Breed of Cattle, might be read.

And the feme was read accordingly. /

The House was also moved* that Part of an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of King William. and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act declaring, the Rights and Liberties, of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown, might, be read And the same was read accordingly;

A Member Then a Member, returned upon a nefv Writ, took takes Oaths, the Oaths, andmadeaudfubferib^ti^ Declaration, and 16

fear, that those Distresses will not only continue, but increase;"

And the Question being put. That those Words be there ihferted;

lit. passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address he presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this-House for Hismost gracious Speech from the Throne.

To express the grateful Sense we entertain of the paternal. Care and tender Regard His Majesty has shewn for the Welfare of His People, by laying an Embargo on Wheat and Wheat-flour going out of the Kingdom, until His Majesty should have the Advice of Parliament on that important Subject.

To assure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons will' not fail, agreeably to His Majesty’s Recommendation, to take this weighty Matter into their moll serious Consideration, in order, by timely and effectual Measures, to pursue the two great Ends; which His Majesty’s Wifdona has pointed out, of providing’ against the many

Evils

7 Geo. III. 11° Novembris.

5

Evils attending a Dearness or Scarcity of Provisions, especially to the poorer Sort of His Majesty’s Subjects; and, at the fameTime, of suppressing that daring and dangerous Spirit of Riot, which has of late too' generally shewn itself in many Parts of this Kingdom.

To allure His Majesty of our unfeigned Joy, on the safe and happy Delivery of Her Majesty, and on the Birth of a Princess; every Increase of His Majesty’s Royal Family being a fresh Pledge of the future Liberty and HappineCs of His People.

To congratulate His Majesty on the Solemnization of the Marriage of His Majesty’s Sifter, the Princess Caroline Mathilda, with the King of Denmark; by which the Union with that ancient and potent Ally of His Majesty’s Crown is established, on a fixed and 1 permanent Foundation.

To return His Majesty our Thanks, for His gracious Communication, that a Treaty of Commerce has been lately concluded with the Empress of Rufjia; which, while it gives us Hopes of Teeing that important Branch of our Trade continued hereafter on a solid and advantageous Footing, is a new Proof of His Majesty’s confront Regard for the true Interest of this > Commercial Nation.

To ashire His Majesty, that His faithful Commons will chearfully grant such Supplies as shall be necef-| fary for the Service of the Year; having the utmost

Confidence in the Assurance His Majesty is pleased to give, that they will be punctually applied to those Purposes for which they shall be granted.

To express our highest Satisfaction in the present happy Establishment of the Public Tranquillity, and the well-grounded Hopes we entertain, from the Wif-dotn of His Majesty’s Councils, and the Influence of His Example, that, while He wifely unites, with the Resolution to support the Dignity of His Crown, and the Rights of His People, a true Zeal for the general Peace and Happiness of Mankind, the same Spirit of Equity and Moderation, which animates His Majesty’s Conduct, will direct the Councils of the other great Powers of Europe to the like pacific and salutary V iews.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee wras appointed of Mr.

Colonel Fitzroy, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Secretary

Conway, Mr. Burke, Mr. Thomas Toionshend, Jun. Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Onslow, Sir Joseph Maw-

bey, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Sir Gilbert Mr. Oswald, Mr. Shelley, Sir Charles Saunders, Mr. Cooper, Lord Barrington, Mr. Thomas , Mr. Nicholson Calvert;or any Five of them: And they are

to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty's moil gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Refs Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of aCommissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Boss, the room of the Right honourable James Stuart Mackenzie, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Seal of

Mlddlcfex ' Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Middlesex, in the room of George Cooke, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Pay-master General of His Majesty’s Land Forces.

?Jiriftdiarch Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wrk. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgefi to serve in this present Par-- Vot. 31.

liament far the Borough of Christchurch, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Honourable Thomas Robinson, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissionera for Trade and Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Hythe Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit for the Electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Hythe, in the County of Kent,in the room of William Glanoille, Esquire,

deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bath Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, in the room of the Right honourable William Pitt, now Earl of Chatham, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Banbury the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit for Writ, the Electing of aBurgefs to serve in this present. Parliament for the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, in the room of the Right honourable Frederick North, commonly called Lord North, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Penryn Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- "

ment for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir Edward Turner, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ilfae his Warrant to Newport the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a-new Writ for Writ-the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Nczvport, in the County of

Cornwall,in the room of William De Grey, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Attorney General to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Honiton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wr‘t. the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Iloniton, in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir George Yonge, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Barnstaple the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir George A my and, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to E*ft Lo° the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wm‘ the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Loo, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Viscount Palmerston, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain,

Ordered, That. Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Scarborough the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ* the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, in the room of William Esquire,

deceased.

C Ordered,

6 lx0 — 12° Novembris. A. 17 66.

Chipping Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliar ment for the Borough of Chipping in the Coun*

ty of Buckingham,in the room of the Right honourable

Isaac Bar re, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland.

Corn, kc. A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-Expo nation. p0fed, That Leave be given.to bring in a Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportion of Com, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding thereto these Words, " And also " the Extraction of low Wines, and Spirits, from " Wheat and Wheat-flour."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the main Question, thus amended, being put;

Ordered, Nemine contract That Leave be given

to bring in a Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of low Wines, and Spirits, from Wheat and Wheat-flour.

Ordered, That Mr. Fu, Mr. Thomas Totonshend, Junior, Mr. Cormoall, Mr. Bacon, Sir Joseph Mawbey,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Prescot, and Mr. Morton, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ditto Resolved, Nemine con, That an humble Addrest to Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be Embargo, graciously pleased to order, that the Embargo laid, by an Order in Council, the Twenty-sixth Day of September last, upon all Ships and Vessels, laden or to be laden, in the Ports of Great Britain, with Wheat or Wheat-flour, to be exported to foreign Parts, be continued; and, from the Commencement of such Continuation, extended to all Ships and Vessels, laden or to be laden, in the said Ports, with Barley or Malt, to be exported to foreign Parts.'

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Salted Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

Beef, kc. continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of lalted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time: And that Sir Joseph Mawbey and Mr. Darker do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Coventry Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry, in the room of James Hewitt, Esquire, now One of the Justices of His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench.

Harwich Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Wr*1, the Clerk of the Crown, to make our a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Townshend, who, fiuce his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Offices of Chancellor and Under Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, and One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Naim and Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Cromartie the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for nt" the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shires of Naim and Cromartie, in the room of Pryse Campbell, Esquire, who, since his

Election for the said Shires, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Buckingham the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough and Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Buckingham, in the room of the Right honourable James Grenville,who, since his Election for the said Borough and Parish, hath accepted the Office of Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues, in the Kingdom of Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 1 2* die Novembris \

Anno 7° Georgii III'" Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

A Petition of Sir Robert Throckmorton, Baronet, Wixford, &c.

Sir Francis Skipioith, Baronet, and of several inclo^urc*

other Persons, whose Names are subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of, and interested in Lands and Grounds in the Hamlets or Townships of otherwise Wixford, Exhall, Kings Broom, and Bushels Broom, in the Parishes of Bidford and Exhalt, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the said Parishes, are several large Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, called Exhall, Marriage and Broom Fields, Avonham Meadow, and Wixford, Exhall, and Broom Meadows,

Commons, and Grounds, which are situate contiguously; and that it would tend to the Improvement of the respect.ive Properties of the Petitioners, and all others interested therein, if the same were to be divided and inclosed, and separate Allotments thereof made: And therefore praying, 'Flint I^ave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields,

Meadows, Commons and Lands, and allotting the same among the Petitioners, and all others interested therein, according to their respective Properties in the fame, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think tit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lowndes and Mr. Barrow do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Cranford to Execution Two Acts, One passed in the 13th Year of King George the First, and the other in the 17th Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks, was presented to the House, and read; ,

Setting forth. That several Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Acts, which, together with the Tolls collected upon the said Road, have been duly applied for the Repair of the said Road, and the other Purposes of the Acts; and, that great Part of the said Sums, so borrowed, dill remains due, which cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in suficient Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and the said Acts in some Inltances made more effectual; and that the Road from the Town of Slough, to the House now inhabited by Roger Cutler, in the Town of Eton, excepting the Bridges called Long Bridge and Barnes Pool Bridge, and also , the Road from Langley Broom to Datchet Bridge, in the Road to Windsor, in the said County of Buckingham, are much out of Repair, and narrow in some Places, and cannot be Efficiently amended*

7 Geo. III.

i r

Novembris.

ties of Worcester, Hereford, Gtoucestor, Salop) Wor-

wick, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable James the Right honourable James Grenville, and the Right S*

honourable Isaac Barre, was presented to the House, Oath of and read; Setting forth. That His Majesty,by His Let- Offic«. ters Patent, under the Great Seal of Ireland, hath granted to the Petitioners the Cilices of Vice Treasurer, Rc-

and kept in Repair, by the Ordinary Course of Law:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts; and for repairing and widening the said other Roads; in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Barrow,

Mr. Kmaston, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Butler, ... _

Mr. Walsh, Mr. MoUsworlh, Mr. Calcrqft, Mr. Price, ce,ver ^ne/a,» and Jaymalter General of all His Re-

Mr. Hewett, Lord George Sackville, General Boscazoen, Yfnuef« Pro/'^ , and Casualt.es whatsoever, in His find Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Harley, Mr. Dowdes- Kwgdom of Ireland, and to be Treasurer at War within well, Mr. Byde, Mr. West, Mr. Brand, Sir John Hynde a,d Kingdom; and that the Petitioners urgent

Cotton, Lord Orwell, Mr. Ward, Sir William Maynard, Bufmefe requiring their Ray in England, cannot at

Mr. Townshend, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Shiffher, Mr. P1refe,1(.t §°, ml° tlle fa,d K'n?dT\%uaI,fy ‘he"¥?,vei 'Brudenell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wynn, Mr. *here for the %oyment of the said Offices: And there-

Fuller, Mr. Ashbumham, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Jackson,

Mr. Hervey, Mr, Wedderbum; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Middlesex, Berks,

Oxford, Gloucester, and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

fore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, for the Employments above-mentioned, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Joseph Maxobey, Mr. Cornand Mr. Bacon, do prepare and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do lit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in th<f House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do

Grand

Committees.

St. Martin’* A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and prin-

cipal Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Martin, in the Church. Cjty of Worcester, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the reli of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and reads Setting forth. That the Church of the said Parish, and the 1 ower thereof are veiy ancient Structures; and, notwithstanding the Parishioners have, for several Years pail, laid out large Sums of Money in endeavouring to support the fame, yet the whole Fabric 1* greatly funk, and the Body of theftid Churchand

1 ower are in so ruinous a Condition, that, in the Opt-

nion of several judicious Workmen, they are incapable Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elec-

of being repaired, but mull be taken down and rebuilt, tions be appointed _ . ?.(_

the Expence whereof is eilimated, upon a moderate And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fnrdelet4 Computation, to the Sum of £.2,2 jo and Six Shillings; Wedderbum, Mr. West, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Whately, and that the Parishioners are utterly unable to raise Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Crew, Mr. Ward, Mr. DowdesWell^ such a Sum at once, or in a fmaJl Space of Time; and Mr. Hervey, Mr. Seymour, Lord Hinchinbroke, Mr. it is apprehended that the Railing the same by the T Mr. Walsh, Mr. Byde, Mr.

Granting ofAnnuities for Lives, to be paid by an equal Burt, General Boscawen, Mr. llussey, Mr.

Pound Ration the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Champion, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Knight ley, Mr. Pratt,

Mr. Walpole, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Grey, Mr.

Houses, or Tenements, within the said Parish, will be the moil easy and convenient Method for railing such Money: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Parishioners of the said Parish to take down and rebuild the said Parish Church-and Tower, and to raise such Sums of Money as shall be necessary for that purpose, by granting Annuities for Life, to be raised and paid by an equal Pound Bate, to be paid and borne by the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Houses or Tenements, within the said Parish, or in such other Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bolton, Sir John Griffin Gtiffin, Mr. Ward, Mr. Lowndes, Mr Vamittarr, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Walsh, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Toum-shend, Mt.Dozodeswell, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Glover, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Brand, Mr. Burrell, Mr. LordHin-

Gray, the Mailer of the Bolls, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Gore, Sir Jam'/ Smith, Mr. NuMr: Vansittart,'Mf.

Jtewett, Mr. Cater aft, Mr/ Witbraham, Mr. Coojyer, Mr. Cast, Mr. Barrozo, Mr. Burk, S Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Butler, Mr. Grosve Mr. Hunter, Admiral Holbourne, Mr. Pozvlet, Mr. Mr. Grenville, Mr.

Dempster, Mr. Houblon, Sir Lambe, Mr. Lut-

trell, Mr. Legh, Sir Lynch Sahtsbury Cotton, Mr.

Pozcelt, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Buller, Sir William Meredith, Mr. White, Sir Charles Saunders, Mr. Mr.

Midleton, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Staunton, Sir Gilbert Elliott, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Onslow, Sir William Baker, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Lord Coleraine, Lord John Caven* dish, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Martin,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bolton, Lord Mount Stuart, Lord Pern/, Mr. Egerton, Mr. MoleswMr. Price, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Harley, Mr. Brand, Lord Orwell, Sit William Maynard, Sir Fletcher

Norton, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Mr. Shiffher,

Mr. Brudenell, Lord Barrington, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Ashbumham, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Jackson, Mr.

ehinbroke, Mr. Bull, Lord George Sackville, Lord Percy,

Mr. Seymour, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Sulivan, Sir Charles Hervey, Lord Grey, Sir John Gibbons, General A'Court: Kemys Tynte, Mr. Hot ham, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Gore, And they are to meet upon Friday Sevennight, at Five Mr. Byde, Mr. Lone, Mr. Pitt, Mr. llewett, Mr. Grey, of the Clock in the After in the Speaker’s Chasp-

Sir Joseph Mawbey, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. her, and to fit every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, Gray, Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Dyson, Colonel in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Hervey; and all the Members who serve for the Cyva- and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters Vol. 31. aa

8

Novembris.

A. 177

as shall or may come in quellion, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges, and to proceed upon Double Returns in the first Place; and to report their Proceedings,with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time: And all Persons, who will quellion any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Rower to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned

without the special Order of the

out of Custody,

I Ioufe.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker's Ciham-ber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to anV Person whatsoever, without Order of

the House; and that the Serjeant at, Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber, every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or

for Two or tnore Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they

will serve, provided there be no Question upon the _ __________^ _ ^__________

Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Gallery0thereof, while the House is fitting.

Jueftion touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Yivilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through . the Streets between Temple-bar and Westminster-hall

to give his > ote in the Election of any Member to shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions serve in Parliament. be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise to hinder

Ufiial Orders. Re/oived, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right

Resolved, That where the House shall judge apy Petition touching any Election to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take Re/olved, That, if it shall appear that any Person Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Mem- Westminster-hall,or the Passages leading to the House, ber of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, during, the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise.

with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House Will proceed with the utmost Severity against fufch Ofierider.

Resolved,’thsi.t, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will nrbceed with the utmost Severity against such Offends.

therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailin'of Westminster j and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stair* loading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arras attending this-House do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Resolved JThat it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing Re/olved, That in all Cases of controverted Elections of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Per-for Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the son appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privi- . Office to this House, or some other Person to be ap-leges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves pointed by the Postmaster General, do, for the future.

or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed either by the House or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House, or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members or their Agents, Lifts of the Per-

every Day during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours, at the leaTt, immediately after the Riling of the House; and also from Five of the Clock in the After-fons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who noon till Seven; at the Place appointed for the Devoted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, liver}' of the said Letters; and take Care, during his the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Ser-that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by vant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the

their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall fee, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that ho Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged

Hands of the Members fending for the feme.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Poll mailer General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet directed to

this


7 Geo. III.

1f NoVembris.

this House, shall Come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Ariris attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after fuchNotice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being lirft perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but

Family being a fresh Pledge of the future Liberty and Happiness of Your People.

And; animated with the same Zeal, we moil heartily Congratulate Your Majesty on the Solemnization of the Marriage of Your Majestj’s Sifter, the Princess Caroline Mathilda, with the King of Denmark-, by which the Union with that ancient and natural Ally of Your Majesty’s Crown is strengflienCd, by a fresh Tye of the most endearing Kind.

We return Your Majesty our Very sincere Thanks, for Your gracious Communication, that a Treaty of Commerce has been lately concluded with thcEmprefs of Rujfui; which, whilst it gives us Hopes of seeing

such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame. ^at important Branch of our Trade Continued here-11 1 after on a solid and advantageous rooting, is a new

Angrle

Sle&ion.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for private Bills after the 31st Day of January next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Argyle, in the room of the Right honourable William Campbell, commonly called Lord William Campbell, who,since his Election for the

Proof of Your Majesty’s constant Regard for the true Interest of this Commercial Nation.

It is with the ut moilChearfulnels that Your Majesty’s faithful Commons will grant such Supplies, as shall be necessary for the Service of the Year; having the utmost Confidence in the Aflurartce Your Majesty is pleased to give, that they will be punctually applied to those Purposes for which they shall be granted.

We beg Your Majesty will permit us to exprels our

said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Governor of highest Satisfaction on the present happy Establishment

Anftrer to Address;

Nova Scotia.

Mr. Secretary Comoay reported to the House, that their Address of Yesterday, That His Majesty would be E^oon gracioufty pleased to order that the Embargo laid, by " c’ an Order in Council, the Twenty-sixth Day of September Jaft, upon all Ships and Vessels, laden or to be laden, in the Ports of Great Britain, with Wheat, or Wheat-flour, to be exported to foreign Parts be continued; and, from the Commencement of such Continuation, extend-, ed to all Ships and Vessels, laden or to be laden, in the said Ports, with Barley or Malt, to be exported to foreign Parts; had been prefen ted to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Aiirett on

the King't

Speed).

Mr. Hervey reported from the Committee appointed

Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, that the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

of the Public Tranquillity; and the well-grounded Hopes we entertain, from the Wisdom of Your Majesty’s Councils, and the Influence of Your Example, that, while Your Majesty wifely unites with the Resolution to support the Dignity of Your Crown, and the Rights of Your People, a true Zeal for the general Peace and Happiness of Mankind, the same Spirit of Equity and Moderation, which animates Your Majesty’s Conduct, will direct the Councils of the other great Powers of Europe to the like just and salutary Views.

The said Address being read a second Time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Aloft honourable Privy Council, do

humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be

attended by this House.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament a/Tem-bled, return Your Majesty our most humble Thanks for Your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That a congratulatory Alelfage be sent to her Majesty, 011 the most auspicious Event of her Majesty’s fate Delivery of a Princess Royal, and on her Majesty’s happy Recovery; and a lfoon the happy Nuptials of her Royal Highness

the Princess Caroline Mathilda with the King of Denmark; and to a fibre her Majesty of the constant

Message of congrarula*. tJon to the Queen.

We desire Your Majesty will believe, that we enter- Zeal, Duty, and Affection, of this House.

tain the most grateful Sense of the paternal and tender Regard Your Majesty has shewn for the Welfare of Your People, by laying an Embargo on Wheat and Wheat-dour going out of the Kingdom, until Your Majesty should have the Advice of Your Parliament on that important Sufyeet.

And we beg Leave to assure Your Majesty, that Your faithful Commons will not fail, agreeably to Your Majesty’s Recommendation, to take this weighty Matter into our most serious Consideration, in order, by timely and effectual Measures, to pursue the Twogreat Ends, which Your Majesty’s Wisdom has pointed out, of providing against the many Evils attending a Dear-

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzmau $>\r Henry Bridge-man, Mr. Burrell, Sir George Lord IIinchin-

broke, Mr. Whit/hed, Air, Ward, Sir Roger Nezvdigate, and Colonel Hervey, do attend her Majesty with the said Message.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That a congratula- Message of tory Mefthge be sent to her Royal Highness the congratula-

Princess Dowager of Wales, on the happy Nuptials ^princess of her Royal Highness the Princess Caroline Mathilda of Wa/es. with the King of Denmark.

Ordered, Tha tSirWilli am Maynard, the Lord Villiers,

Mr. Comewall, Mr. Lane, Mr. Hervey, Colonel Fitzroy,

Mr. Ahijfner, Sir John Hynde Cotton, and Air. Nugent,

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech The King’s to both Houses of Parliament be Speech to be

nets or Scarcity of Com, especially to the poorer Sort -

of Your Majesty’s Subjects; and, at the same Time, of do attend her Ho/ai Highness the said Mefthge.

supprclling that daring and dangerous Spirit of Riot,

which has of late too generally shewn itself in many Parts of this Kingdom.

It is with the greatest Satisfaction,that we a dure

Y our Majesty of our unfeigned Joy on the safe and

happy Delivery of Her Majesty, and on the Birth of a

Princess; every Increase of Your Majesty’s Royal Yol. 31.

tion Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, refolveitfelf into a Committee of the whole

House; to consider of the present high Price of Corn.

D A Petition

considered.

H:?h Price of Com.

10

j2° — 150: — 140

A \ 1766.

Dudley.

High Price of A Petition of the Mayor, Justice, Aldermen, Capital

Pro»iCoas; an(l Inferior Burgesses, and Principal Inhabitants, of aunton. Borough and Town of Taunton: And also,

A Petition of the Principal Inhabitants of the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the distressed Condition of many Thonfands of His Majesty’s Subjects, who are almost destitute of the Necessaries of Life, occasioned by the high Price of all Sorts of Provisions: And entreating the House, to grant such Relief as may be thought necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Conhderation of the said Committee.


Veneris, 140 die,

Anno 70 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1766.

P R i

AYERS.

High Price Provisions.

Corn, tic. Exportation.

Salted Beef, See,

Resolved, That thisHouse will,upon thisDay Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the present highPrice of Provisions.

Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Bifeuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of low W ines, and Spirits, from'Wheat and Wheat-flour: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Joseph Mawbey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue an Act, made in the

SIR Joseph Mawbey presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill to enable the Right honourable James O/wald,the Right honourable James Gren-

ville, and the Right honourable Isaac Bar re, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Puvmaster General, of ad His Majesty’s Revenues, in the Kingdom of Ireland-, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Comities of Kent and Suffix, and of the several Inhabitants of Tonbridge Wells, and of the several Parishes of Fran!, Mayfield, Rotherfield, Wadhurst, Ticehurand in

the said Counties, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads leading from Ton-bridge Wells, to and through the said several Parislies of Front, Wadhurst, and Ticehurst, to in the said Parish of Etchingham; and from Front aforesaid.

Rt. hon.

J. Oswald’s &c. Oath of Office.

T Onbridge Well*.

Sec, Road. '

through the Parislies of Rotherfield and Wadhurst, to Tifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- and through the Parish and Town of and from

tilled. An Act for Importation of felted Beef, Pork, thence to Great Wood, in the Parish of

Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time: Waldron, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, lead-

And the feme was received; and read the First Time. Re/olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 130 die,

Anno 7® Georgii IIP" Regis,. 1766.

I»R

AYERS.

The King’s Speech considered.

Supply.

ing to Blackboys, all in the said Counties of Kent and Suffix, are very ruinous, and in some Parts thereof very narrow and incommodious, and cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Anil appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Butler, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Pater/on, Mr. Mr. Thar low, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Bootle, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Pennant, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr, Wynn, Mr. Mr.

Gilbert, Sir James Dajhtvood, Mr. Morton, Mr. Morant,

Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Harley, Sir Herbert Lloyd, Mr.

THE Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker. r x , t ... , r

And aMotion being made.That a Supply be grunted Mr- Lord C Wort, Sir Robert

,» . , 0 l r J° Mr \1r / nnrl nil trw» \'I\t'lu>

to His Majesty;

Resolved, That thisHouse will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Time ap- Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that His pointed for Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the receiving Order of Yesterday, humbly to know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at One of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James,

Address.

Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Tucker, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Sujffex, Surrey, and Southampton; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees, assembled at a General New Street, Meeting, for putting in Execution an Act of Parlia- dement, made in the 22(1 Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for opening and making a new Road, from the East End of Kero Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the fei oral

and for keeping the said

Places therein mentioned, and for keepin

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Road in Repair for the future, was presented to the

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have borrowed a confklerable Sum of Money, upon the Credit of the said Act, which, together with the Tolls, have been laid out in making and keeping in Repair the said Road, which, nevertheless, cannot he effectually kept in Repair, and the Monies, advanced on the Credit thereof, be repaid, nnlefs the Term thereof be. enlarged, and the said Act made more effectual; and that the Road leading from the Grange Road in the Parish of Mary Magdalen

Bsrmond/ey,

7 Geo. III.

14* Novembris.

11

Hermondsey,along -Cutthroat Lane, into the said netv Wilts, and Bucks: And they are to meet

&oad; and also the Road leading from Cut-throat Lane eforei'aid, along a Way, called tin? to East

Lane, in Ben nomlfeyaforesaid; and also the Road lead- htg from the Grange Road, through Blue Anchor I^ane, to the Turnpike now erecting near Bridge, in

Hot her hit he , and also the Road leading from a House, called The Europa,to Church Street, in Rvlherhithe and also the Road leading from the HorJ'e, in

Hoidaml Street, to Trinity Street, in; and

also the Road leading from the New Road before-mentioned, along a Lane, called the White B alk, to Greenland Dock, in Rfitherhithe aforesaid; are Roads adjoining to the Road directed to be made by the said Act, and are in a very ruinous State, and cannot be ftiflici-cntly repaired by the ordinary Comfe of Law: And - -therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Rill for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act, and for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, -the fame; and for repairing and amending the several Roads therein before dclcribed; in such Manner and Method as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And. that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Butin-, Mr. Gray, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Kynqflon; Mr. I^mendes, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Gil-

bert, Mr. Thurloiv, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Bacon, Lord fort, Mr. Palerfon, Mr. GajcSir Armine Wode-htrvfc, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Gore, Mr. Drake, Mr. Wynn,

Sir John Morgan, Mr. LafcelleAir. Rouverie, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Brook Lrydges, Sir Joseph Marc hey, Sir James Dqflnrood, Mr. Sandys, Sir Robert Ladbroke,

Air. Fuller, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Gore, Air.

Mr. Harris, Sir Roger Nezcdigate and nil the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Kent, dlesex, and Sussex; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and hat e Power to fend for Per-fous. Papers and Records.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, gild Records.

A Petition of William Stephens, Gentleman, Lord of the Manor of Kencott, in the County of Oxford, and a Proprietor of Lands there, the Reverend George Underwood, Rector of the Parish and ^arish Church of Kencott, aforesaid, and the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders within the said Parish; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within tl»e said Parish several Open Commons, Fields, and Grounds; which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; but, ifinclosed and divided into speci/ic Allotments, would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein: And therefore pfaying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Morton, and Lord Charles Spencer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Krncott

iudofure*

Eynffiam

and

Swynford

Budge.

A Petition of the Right honourable Willoughby Earl of Abingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is the Owner and Proprietor of a certain Ferry over the hiver Thames, or ,/fls, between Eyvsham,in the County of Oxford, and Swynford, in the County of Berks, 11 {bally known by the Name of Eynsham Ferry ,* and that he apprehends ih at the building a Bridge, at or near the said Ferry, yvould be of public Utility;and is willing and defirovs,

at his own Expence, to build the fame, upon having the ancient Tolls now taken at the said Ferry confirmed to iiim, to he taken at such Bridge, or upon ha\ such xeaibnuble Tolls granted to him, as to the House shall

Seem meet: Aud therefore That Leave may

be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge, at or near the said Ferry, in such Maimer and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be re ferred to the Consideration of a Committee: Ami that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Air. Black ft one, Mr. Lascelles,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Burrell. Air. Fuller,

Air. Gascoyne, Mr. Bacon, Sir Robert Lad broke, Air.

Lozcndcs, Mr. Thurlozv, Mr. PUmpire, Mr. Kynaston,

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the High Price City of New Sarum, in Common Council assembled: ,f Corn; Aild also. New Sanaa.

A Petition of the Alayor, Burge/Tes, and Common- Bristol. alty, of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal:

And also,

A Petition of the Alagiflrates, Freeholders, principal Kiddenuin* Inhabitants, and Alanufiieturers, of the Borough of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester:

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Complaining of the Diflreflbs which the Poor

in general labour under, from the Dearness of Coru, and other Necessaries of Lite: Aud praying the House to grant such Relief as may be thought necessary.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Coufideratiou of the Committee of the whole House, who are appointed to con-fid er of the present high Price of Corn.

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the /aft Exportation

Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repcaling certain Duties in the British C Plantations, granted by several Acts of Parliament; and also the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, upon certain Ecifl India Goods exported from Great Britain, and for granting liter Duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several Branches of the Kingdom, and the British Dominions in America i might be read.

Aud the fume being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave he giveu to bring in a Bill to amend so much of the said Act, as relates to the Exportation of Non-emunerated Goods from the Bri/Jh Colonies in America:And that Air. Cooper and Air.

Fuller do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

from American Colonies.

JSIr. Palerfon, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Montagu, Sir Charles Kenn/s Tipitc; Lord Brazen low Bertie, Sir James Dashicood, Mr. Morton, Mr. Moranl, Mr. Sandys, Sir Herbert Lloyd\ Air. Hunter, Mr. Harris, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Ward\ Air. Uozvdejicetl, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Bull, Sir Roger Nezcdigate, Sir Ermine IFodchouJc, Mr. Barraza, Mr. EUis, Mr. Shultleicorth, Mr. PreJ'cot, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Bailer, Mr. Nugent; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Berks, Vol. 31.

A Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Ex- Com, &e. portation of Corn, Alalt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Exportation. and Starch; and also the Extraction of low Mines, and Spirits, from Mrhcat and IVheat-Uour; was read a Second Time, liefolved. That the Bill be committed. f Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

liefolved. That this House will, upon Turf day Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wliulp lloufc upon the said Bill.

Air. Speaker reported to the House, That Ihc House Answer

attended His Majesty Yclicrdav, with their Addreis; to J ‘ Addreis*

12

i^0 — -170 N

A \ 17

Starch.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report when the House will pleafeto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you My most hearty Thanks for your loyal and affectionate Address. The Part you take in tire late happy Events in My Family completes the Satisfaction Morning next.

I receive from them. I fee with Pleasure the Continuance of that Zeal and true public Spirit, which I have Mr. acquainted the House, That the

always experienced in My faithful Commons, by your Gentlemen appointed to attend her Majesty, with the early Attention to the several great Objects recom- Congratulatory Message of this House, had attended mended to your Consideration, and particularly to the her Majesty accordingly; and that her Majesty was Means of providing against the Evils attending a Scar- pleased to say:

city of Corn, and for securing the Tranquillity of the Country. You may depend on my invariable Attention to the Happiness and Prosperity of My Kingdom.

Gentlemen,

I thank you very lincerely for this fresh Proof of your Duty to the King, and your Regard to me. You may be assured of my always entertaining the most hearty Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill -to Wishes for the Welfare and Prosperity of Great Britain. prohibit the making of Starch from Wheat or Wheat-

flour, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Bar- Sir William Maynard acquainted the House, That row, Mr. Ward, and Sir Joseph Mawbey, do prepare, the Gentlemen appointed to attend her Royal Highness

Queen's

Anfxver

to

Message

Congratu-

lation.

Accounts ordered} Starch, Grain, Ac-

Salted Beef, &c.

and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duty on Starch, from Midsummer 1740,10 Midsummer 1766; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Grain and Flour, exported from England, from Christmas 1670, 1696;

distinguishing the several Species exported in each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Grain and Flour exported from England, from Christmas 1696, to Christmas 1707; distinguishing the several Species exported in each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Grain and Flour exported from Great Britain, from Christmas 1707, to the 5th January 1766; distinguishing the several Species exported each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Grain and Flour exported from Great Britain, from the 5th January last, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Bounties paid on Corn, Grain, and Meal exported, fmee the Commencement of the said Bounties, to the 5th January 1766; distinguishing what Portion of such Bounties has been paid on each Species of Corn, Grain and Meal, in each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Bounties paid or payable on Corn, Grain, and Meal exported, since the 5th January last, as far as the same can be made up.

A Bill to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of

the Princess Dowager of Wales, with the Congratulatory Message of this House, had attended her Royal Highness accordingly; and that her Royal Highness was pleased to say:

I thank the House of Commons, for this fresh Mark of their Attention to me.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Princefi of Wales' Answer to Message

Congratu-

Uttou.

Lunay 170 die Novembris;

Anno 7* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 176 Prayers.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution Two several Acts of Parlia-meet, made, the One in the 12th of King George the First, and the other in the 12th of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Hill, near

Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Drayton,

in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in Pursuance of the said Acts, the said Road has been amended, and kept in Repair; and that the Powers of the said Acts have, in several Instances, been found defective; and that further Powers are necessary for carrying Part of the said Road in a more commodious Manner; and that the Petitioners have borrowed several sums of Money on the Credit of the said Acts: And therefore praying.

Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, Min Ireland, for a limited Time, was read a Second . Time.

Be/olved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, That a Supply ’ be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

18

Foflon Bridge to Little Drayton Road.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for con-" ~ ‘ ~ ~ ~ tinuing the Term, and amending and enlarging the

Powers, of so much of the said Acts, as relates to the Road from Fojion Bridge, in the County of Lincoln to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hewett, Mr. Gore, Ix>rd

B Mr. Calvert, Mr. Garth, Mr. son, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Parker, Mr. West, Mr. Burrell, Wlr.Shijfner, Lord Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Hot-

vey, Mr. Forester, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr. Gray,

Mr. Drake, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Darker, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Sir Alexander Grant, Sir William Beauchamp Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Thurloxo, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Bromley, Sir Francis Sir

Armine Wodehouse; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Lincoln, York, Durham, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

7 Geo. III.

17° Novembrh.

13-

Bdton Green Iudofure.

noon, at Vive of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; ami have Power to fend for Pemms, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Honourable of

ham Park,in the County of York, Esquire, Edmund

Benson,of IJal/on East, in the Parish of in the said County, Gentleman, Jleells, of the fame

Place, Gentleman, and Joft as of,

in the said County, El’quire, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners, or Proprietors, of inuch the greatest Part of a certain Stinted Patlure, lying at aforesaid, called Halton Green; and also, that there arc other fniall Parcels of Ground, lying dispersedly in the said Township, known by the Names of Myres End, Deanand Rain, Heads, Cop-

train Brow, Tofts, and Sixpenny Piece, to which the

Petitioners are proporrtonably entitled, anciently set apart for the Maintenance of a Bull for the life of the said Town; and that, in regard the said Stinted Failure lays open, the same produces very little Profit: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said Pallure, and for settling and disposing of other the Lauds before mentioned, in such Manner, and subject to such Rules, Orders, Directions, Provi-foes, and Clauses, as the House shall think fit

Course of Law: And therefor^ prayiHg, That "Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, the said Hoads, by such Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall feetn

meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Hewett, Mr. West, Mr. Gore, Mr.

fer, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Mr. Darker, Sir

Jarrit Smith, Mr. Craven, Mr. Parker, Mn Waljh, Mr. Gray, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Grey, Lord Oncell, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bootle, Sir Joseph Nlr.IIolt, Lord Grey, Sir Alexander Grant, Sir Henry

Bridgman, Lord Lifburne, Mr. Garth, Mr.

Sir Roger Neiodigate, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bacon, Mi1. Waller, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr. Onslow, Lord

Percy, Sir Francis Delavaland all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hereford and Monmouth and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Anne' Amelie Burrotves, was pre-

— . -....., — v.v, — ... — ..... fented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, may be given to bring in a Bill for her Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac-

Burrowes*

Nat.

Ireconfltire

Roads.

purl’nant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hezcett and Lord Brow Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Brecon, was presented to the House, and read; Settingforth, That the High Road

cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Kynaston and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed. That some of the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they

leading from the Confines of the County of Car mar- were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

Accounts preftmed \ Customs*

then, near the 14th Milestone, to Trecastle, thence to the Confines of the said County of Carmarthen leading to Talfarn, thence over Rhydy Brd Bridge, through the Town of Brecon, through the Parish of LlanJ'aintfread by Tal y brin, and through the Parish of Llangafty tally llyn, to the Confines of the County of Monmouth, in the Road to from Pont

ne vccheji, through Brecon, by Chappel Dyffrin

pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, brought into the East India Warehouses at Saint Helens, in the Port ol London,from Michaelmas 1765

to Michaelmas 1766,* also what exported during that Time; and what remained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1766: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods,

Handdy, to Builth; from Brecon, by Ponftichill, to the brought into the East India Warehouses at Leadenhall Confines of the County of Glamorgan, and from the and Billiter Lane, in the Port of London, from Box %’ leading toPont ne vechen to Rhydy Brd Bridge; chaelmas 1765 to Michaelmas 1766; what exported;

from the Pont ne vechen Road, on Mynidd Iltid, to the Gader, from Chappel Dyffrin Ilonddy, over New Bridge, on Irvon,over Keven Bryngivyn Dole Iron, by Bwlcli y

Gollen, to the Confines of the County of Cardigan; from the d own of Brecon, by Battle and Pont vane, to Mertliir Church from Nantyfren, through Talgarth, by the Three Cocks, through Builth, to the Confmes of the County of Carmarthen,at Ludlow Vach; from a

certain Place called Tuy CochVach, into that Road from Talgarth, through Broinllis, to Llyfwen; from

and also what remained at Michaelmas 1766: And also, N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in His Majesty’s Warehoul’e in the port of London, at Michaelmas 1765; what have been since brought in; what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1766: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1765; what have been since brought in; what exported; as also

Talgarth, by the White Hart at the Bxvlch,over Nero what remained at Michaelmas 1766: And also,

Bridge, to Llangunider Pant llioyd, Milgago, Blaen, Rummy, Rhyd y Blew, Rhyd y Pen llati,

Ga iltim, Pen Pcdyor Ileol,to Cricfrom Crick-

howel, through Llangunider, to in the

Parish of Llanvigan; from Llangunider, by Keven

Onne, by Clydach Gzvybedog, to Gxvtir y Cae, Three Miles from Brynich,through Lemvihangel Tally llyn,

towards Llangorfe; from the Town of through

The Walton, the Parish of Llanvrynach and Penkelly, to the Confines of the County of Glamorgan, in the Road to Merlhirtidull, Three Mile on the Road over

Pen kevrig Coclien,towards Talwen, Three Miles towards Trallang; and from the Two Mile Stone on the

Road from Brecon to Builth, to Sarney Common, all within the County of Brecon; art very ruinous, and, in many Places, impatVabie for Wheel Carriages in Winter,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited Goods,

which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at Saint Helens, Leadenhall, Billiter Lane, anti the Cutiom House, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1765, in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed; what have been returned; and what' remained at Michaelmas 1766: And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia, into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 17115 to Michaelmas 1766: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Rujjfta into the Ports of England (commonly calk d the Out Ports) from Michaelmas 1765 to Michaelmas 1766: And also,

An Account of the Numl>er of Ships, which have been employed^ in the Whale Fishery to Davis's,

and in general deep, narrow, and founderous, and can- and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names not be repaired, or kept in Repair, by the ordinary and Burthens; from whence they were fitted out; and at Vol. 31, E what

Starch*

Supply*

Estimates, See. Ordered.

14 170 — 18° No. . 1766.

what Port in Cra*/ Britain they were discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported in the Year 1766: And also,

_ An Account of all Com, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Bufcuit, and Starch, exported from , to

any Place whatsoever, by virtue, or in pursuance of any of the Liberties or Powers, given or granted for that Purpose, by an Act passed to prohibit the Exportation thereof, from the lid February 1766 to 26th August following, inclusive.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be pefufed by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session. '

Sir Joseph Mauibey, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prohibit the making of Starch from Wheat or Wheat-flour, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Starch made in Great Britain, from Mid/ummer 1740 to Mid/ummer 1766; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Starch exported, from Chrifmas 1740 to Chrifmas 1765; distinguishing each Year; together with the Drawback paid thereon.

Mr. Palerfon,according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Thursday last. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Refalved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1767, with an Estimate of the Half-pay of Officers of the Navy, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were employed in the last War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordinance for Land Service, for the Year 1767, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That anEstimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1767, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half-pay for the Year 1767, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea, Hospital, for the Year 1767, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House shewing how the Monies, given for the Service of the Year 1766, have been disposed of; distinguished under their several Heads.

18

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Y7ears, ending at the 5th Day of April 1.766, and the 10th Day of October 1766, as well of or lor the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Sea Fund, us also

of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that Fie will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, the said Estimates, Lilts, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to Flis Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of fal ted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovV Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis 1 80 die Novembris \

Anno 7* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

A BILL to enable the Right honourable James Oswald, the Right honourable James Grenville, and the Right honourable Isaac to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Pay mailer General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the' said Offices; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be conunitted to Sir Maxvbey, Mr. Wedderbum, Mr. Lozcrides, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Pratt, Sir Henry Bridgman, Mr. Onfloio, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Leicis, Mr.

Mr. Montagu, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Thurloiv, Mr. Gray, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Grey, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Egerton, Lord Grey, Mr. Ward, Mr. Boulton, Sir Armine Wodehoafe, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Lcgh, Mr. Kynafon, Sir Richard Philipps, Mr. Gajcoyne, Sir John Mr. Morton, Lord Vemey, Sir. Mr. Fairfax,

Mr. Burke, Mr. Townshend, Sir Mr. Garth, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Grant, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Burrow, Mr. Calvert, Sir Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Offley: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Kynafon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Mary Anne Arnclie Bur-rowes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the Counties of Worccfer and W whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road across Dunnington Heath, in the Parish of Salford, in the County of wick, to MaJhamsGate, and from thence to King ley, and to and through Arrow, and to Aleefer, in the said County of Warwick; and the Road from Spearnall Ash, in the Parish of Sambom, in the said County of Warwick, to and through Studley and Wafford, up Maplcbororo

Green,

Salted Beef, tec.

Right bon. J. Oswald’*

U c.

Oath of Offi&L

Bnrrowe's

N at.

Dunnington

Heath,

Road*

7 Geo. III.

18° Novembris.

*5

Green,to GorcutHill, in the fair! Parish of Studley, and according to the Prayer of the saidPetition*. And that

County of Warwick, along the Portway, through the Mr. Hujke and Mr. Lewis do prepare, and bring in, Parishes of Tanworth, and SolyHall, in the said County the fame,

of Warwick,to Inkford Brook, over Withall Heath, in

the Parish of Kings Norton, in the County of Wor-

ajkr; and from thence to Drakes Cross, by Holly

Wood,over 'KingsWood, by Kings Wood Maypole, and

from thence to Millpool Hill, to and through Alcester

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Exportation Order, a Bill to amendfo much of an Act, made in the (ro

last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repeal- CoUnies! ing certain Duties in the British Colonies and Planta-

Lane, over King’s Heath, to and through Moseby, and tions, granted by several Acts of Parliament, and also from thence over Bofal Heath, to the Plough and Har- the Duties imposed by an Act made in the last Session row, in the said Parish of Kings Norton, from thence to of Parliament, upon certain East India Goods ex-Birmingham, in the County of Warwick -, is in a ruinous ported from Great Britain, and for granting other Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommo- Duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, dious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, regulating, and securing, several Branches of the Trade and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of of this Kingdom, and the£r27j/A Dominions in America,

Law: And therefore praying, That Leave be given to as relates to the Exportation of Non-enumeratedGoods bring in a Bill for amending and widening the said Road, from the British Colonies in America: And the same in such Manner as the House shall think proper. was received; and read the First Time.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ref That the Bill be read a Second Time. Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it A Motion was made, and the Question wa3 proposed, Embargo shall appear to them to the House: That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better on^at 5

And it is referred to Mr. Bromley,'Mr. Popham, NLr. Protection and Security of all Persons, who have acted protection. Lmvtides, Mr. Craven, Sir Henry Bridgman, Mr. Herne, in Pursuance of, or Obedience to, the late Order of S\rjarrit Smith, Vlr.Kynaston, M.r.Jackson, Lord Ver- Council, laying an Embargo on Wheat and Wheat-ney, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Ryder, Mr. flour.

Gascoyne, Mr. DeGrey, Mr. Onslow, Sir Charles Mor- In the Debate thereupon, Mr. Alderman Beckford a Member’s daunt, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Forrefter, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. having, used some Words in his Speech, to which Excep- Word* Morton, Mr. Garth, Mr. Pennant, Sir John Major, Mr. tion was taken, they were, by Direction of the House, t*'ten <lown*

~ taken down by the Clerk; and are as followeth; viz.

SpearnaH

Ash,

4cc.

Hoad.

Gilbert, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sandys, Mr. West, Mr.' Hewett, Mr. , Mr. Sir

Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Rushout Sir Joseph Mawbey,

Mr. Cust, Mr. Onftozo, Mr. , Mr. Clive, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Fairfax; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Warwick, Gloucester, Salop, Hereford, Leicester, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from

SpearnallAJh, to and through the several Places mentioned in the preceding Petition, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the said Road, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred.

" Whenever the Public is in Danger, the King has a dispensing Power." /

Whereupon he was admitted to explain himself; and thereupon declared, that he meant to have added,

" with the Advice of Council, whenever the Salus " Populi requires it."

And Exception being also taken to those Words, they were likewise, by Direction of the House, taken down by the Clerk.

Mr. Alderman Beckford was then admitted further to explain himself; and he declared, that he only meant to have said, " That on great and urgent Occasions,

" where the Safety of the People called for an Exertion " of a Power contrary to the written Law of thefo " Kingdoms, such Exertion of Power is excusable only " by Necessity, and justifiable by Act of Parliament." Upon which the House were satisfied, and proceeded no further.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Protection and Security of all Persons who have acted in Pursuance of, or Obedience to, the late Order of Council, laying an Embargo on Wheat, and Wheat-flour: And that Mr. Secretary Conway and Mr. Onftozo, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Account presented; Starch.

Agafliz’s

and

S-hutte’s

Nat.

The House being informed, that Mr. Marshall, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Duty on Starch, from Midfuimner 1740 to Midsummer 1766; distinguishing each Year.

And then he w ithdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be pernfed by the Members of the House.

The fuid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Lewis Agaffizand

was presented to the House and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Vol. 31.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow* Morning, Corn, See. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Exportation upon the Bill to prohibit, for aTime to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Bif-cuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-ilour.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Monline. Nine of the Clock.

16 10° — 2O0 Nov

Mercurit, 19° ,

Anno 7° Georgii IIIUi Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

Warwick a Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Kinss°Nonon ai'd other Inhabitants, of the Borough of

Koad. ’ wick, and the Neighbourhood thereof, and of divers others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, usually travelling the Road therein after-mentioned, was pre-rented to the House and read; Setting forth, that the Road leading from the said Borough, over Hockley Heath, through Kings Norton, and from thence to the Upper End of Gannow Green, in the Parish of

grove,in the County of Worcester, and so far as the Parish of Bromsgrove extends, leading towards Bell

in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County of Woreesler,is in many Parts thereof very ruinous, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be widened and kept in Repair by the ordinary Methods of Law:

' And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the amending, widening, and keep-in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir Smith,

Mr. Prescott, Mr. Lane, Mr. Grey, Mr. Pennant, Sir Joseph Jl I azobey, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Legh,\lr. Kynafl /on, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Eames, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Buller, Mr. Ward, Mr. Gray, Lord Lijburne, Mr.

Shutlleroorlh, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Mr.

ton, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Mr.

Drake, Mr. Craven, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Gilbert-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of -tvick, Worcester, Leicester, Hereford, and

Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And the said Order being read accordingly 5 The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir JoJ'eph Mawbeytook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrow-Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into High Prictf a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the of Com. present high Price of Corn.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That they bad come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Onslow also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mor n-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- High Price ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of House, to consider of the present high Price of Pro- *>roviCons-visions.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole , House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Rt honblc. Sir Joseph Maivbey reported from the Committee to J. Oswald’s whom the Bill to enable the Right honourable James &c- Ofivald, the Right honourable James Grenville, and the »th»f o ce. honourable Isaac Barre, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues, in the Kingdom of Ireland , and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices; was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Teylingen’* A Petition of Chrifliaan Van was pre-

Nat. fenteil to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Archer and Mr. Prefcot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Cora, &c. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Exportation, upon the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Malt, "Meal, Flour, Bread, Bif-cuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of low Wines, and Spirits, from Wheat and Wheat-flour.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Jovis, 20° die Novembris;

Anno 7® Georgii III«'* Regis, 1766.

Prayers,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Teylingen’s House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Nat. Chrifliaan Van Teylingen: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Salted Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House A Petition of the Trustees of the Worcester Turn- Worcester Beef, &c. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, pikes, and of the Freeholders and Occupiers of Land in Roads, upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the 5th the County of and of divers principal Inhabi-

"Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An tants of the City 0 and the Suburbs thereof,

Act for Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and . whose Names are thereunto severally subscribed, was Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, be. now read, presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice

of

7 Geo. III.

20° Novembris:

17

,1c.

m-

v li- 1

of Two Acts, One made in the Twelfth Year of Ki'115 Mr. Sandy s, Mr. , Sir William

George the First, and the other in the Tenth Year of his Maynard, Mr. Mr. Pratt, Mr. Hopkins, Mr.

late Majesty, for repairingfeveral Hoads therein men- Mr. Mr. Mr. KjoxAIIowe,

tioned, leading into the City of and setting

forth, that divers large Sums have been borrowed, and are now Handing out, on the Credit of the said Acts, which, together with the Revenue of the Gates, have been duly applied , but the same cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be effectually amended, during the present Term; and that there are besides, many other Roads not comprised in the former Acts, but lying contiguous to, or united with, the former Roads; that is to say, the Road from Ayljborou Farm, through Shore, to a Place there called The Mill Tail; and from Knightsford Bridge, to Redmarley, and from and over the Link,in the Parishes of Great Malvern and Leigh,

to the Witch; and also to a Place, in the Parish of L title Malvern, opposite to the great Road leading from Worcester to Little Malvern s and also from Worcester to Evesham,over that Part of Stonebow ' Bridge, wrhich

is not included in the Evesham Turnpike Road; and also from Titian Brook to Wribbenrhall, where it joins the Great Road from Kidderminster to j

and also from Clifton Woodga to the High House, in the Parish of Sapey ;and from thence to the Long Lane in the Parish of Sapey, where the same joins to the Turnpike Road from Stands to Ludlow; and also

Mr. Ryder, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir John Palmer, Mr. Burke, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Price, Mr. Mr. On*

Jlow, Sir Joseph Matobey, Mr. Cust, Colonel Mr. Brand, Lord George S Mr. Butler, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gilbert, Sir William Baker, Mr. Garth, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Waller-, and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Hertford, Salop, Stafford, Warwick, and Oxford; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Capital Bur- Tiverton geffes, and Assistants, of the Liberty of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, and others, the acting Trustees appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty King George the Second* intituled, An Act for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon; and also of the principal Inhabitants and Tradesmen of the said Town of Tiverton; and also of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Occupiers of Lands,

fromCudleizhHeath,byRavLfiuU,to the TopotCrowh ref,d'l'S "fT «vrilingon the Roads thereinafter

Hills and from Kempfey to Deford Bridges and also from Holt Heath, through the Parishes of Shrawley and Ajtley, to the Parish of LowerArtley, where the Junction is marie between the said Road and the Berodley Turnpike Road; all which Roads above-mentioned are so deep and ruinous that they cannot be effectually repaired by the Laws in being: And further setting forth. That, by the aforesaid Act of the Twelfth of King George the First, the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, Town Clerk, ajid Capital Citizens, of the City of Wor-

mentioned, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act; but the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further continued and enlarged; and that the Road from Lowman Bridge to Silverton,is steep, narrow, and ruinous, and that it would be of public Convenience if the same was amended from Bickley Bridge Cross, in the said Road, between Tiverton and Crediton Torches, over Bickley

cester, commonly called or known by the Name of The , ., ~ rr>. , n.

Twenty four t for the Time being, were, amongst others, the PareW an4

nominated Trnfteea for onttinn the said Act in Exeenl to the Sign of the in the Town of

nominated Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution, which Nomination, except so far. as it includes the Mayor of the said City for the Time being, hath been found to be of no Utility; and that, by a Clause in the other of the said Acts, made in the 10th Year of his late Majesty, the Trustees were directed to cause the Roads mentioned in the former Act to be first repaired, which Preference hath been found to be inconvenient: And therefore praying, That so much of the said Act, which appoints the Aldermen, Sheriff, Town

verton aforesaid; and that the Road from Bickley Wood Cross, in the Road between Tiverton and Crediton to Ford Village Water, in the Parish of Thor* verton, through the several Parishes of Bickley and Thorverton, is in many Parts steep, narrow, and in a ruinous Condition, and cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be diverted, widened, effectually amended and kept in good Repair: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing,. Clei-k^and*Capi^itlzeuCf^h^Time^being,io'be ""d Mnending, the said Act-, and also for

Trustees, and also the said Clause which directs a Pre- ‘¥. *ve",nS; a*te"n«>, Wldenm«-. "nd

cedence to be observed in the Repair of the Road.may §,d Roads j Calmer, and with such further

be repealed , the Petitioners not intending to exclude Po"’ers> " ‘"the House shall seem meet.

the present Aldermen, Sheriff, Town Clerk, and Capital Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Citizens, from exercifing the saidTruft,so long as they Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-

shall severally continue to eryoy the said Offices re- "»ine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

spectively; and also, that so much of the said recited appear to them, to the House:

Acts, whereof a Repeal is not hereby prayed, and all And it is referred to Mr. Ryder, Lord Verney, Mr. the Powers, Authorities, and Provisions, therein re- Montagu, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gray, Mr. Barrow, Mr. spectively contained, may be continued in full Force, as well with respect to the former Roads, as to the additional Roads above described.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr; Dowdeswell, Sir Charles

Sandys, Mr. Fuller, Mr. , Mr. Shiffner, Mr.

Buller, Mr. Ward, Mr. Townshend, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Jo/epk Mawbeyf Mr. Calvert, Mr. Kynqfton, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Touche.t, Mr. , Lord Orwell,

Mr. Walsh, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Dempster, Mr.

Mr. Pennant, Mr. Bacon, Mr. , Mr.' -

son, Mr. Burrell, Sir Merrik Burrell, Mr. Tliurlott), Bunbury, Mr. Ward, Mr. Burrard, Lord FrederickCa- Mr. Mr. Darker, £ir John Gibbons, Mr.

vendish, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Archer, "Me. Burton, Mr. Champion, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Calvert, Sir George Colebroke, Mr. Boone, Mr. Cafwall,

der Gilmour, Sir Henry Bridgman, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Montagu, Sir Brooke Bridges, Mr. Bull, Mr. Fairfax, Sir John Griffin Griffin, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr.

Yot. 31.

Ewer, Lord Howe, Mr. Plumplre s and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Dorset, Wilts, and Southampton,: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

F The

18 20° Novembris.A. 17

Breconshire The Earl Verney reported from the Committee, to Roads. whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and F reeholders, of the County of Brecon, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at t the Clerk’s Table: Where the Came was read; and is as folld’weth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Peniwyre Watkins, being examined, laid. That the Roads described in the Petition, all lying within the County of Brecon, are in a very ruinous Condition, in many Places impassable for Wheel Carriages in Wr inter; and that the said Roads are in general very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law.

Tw o Members present confirmed the above Evidence. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, in the County of Brecon: And that the Earl Mr. Morgan,

Sir Herbert Lloyd, Mr. Barrow Mr. and Mr.

Scudamore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Old A Petition of Jufiinian Raynsford, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Old, otherwise Wold, in the County of nc ure* Northampton,the Reverend James Parr, Rector of the

Parish Church of Old, otherwise Wold, aforesaid; and of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates, in the Open and Common Fields of Old, otherwise Wold, aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Petitioners Estates, in thesaidFields, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels; and that there are many Acres of Waste Grounds, belonging to the said Manor and Parish, at present of little or no Use, but capable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the same Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Lanes, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petit ion: And that Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Ryder, and Sir John Pair mer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Right hon. An ingrossed Bill to enable the Right honourable j. Oswald’s James Oswald, the Right honourable James Grenville, o»th S Office Ri&ht honourable Isaac Barr'e, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues, in the Kingdom of Ireland; _ and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act to enable the Right honourable James Oswald, the Right honourable James Grenville, and the Right honourable Isaac Barrl, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues, in the Kingdom of Ireland; and so qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the ft id Offices.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph do carry the Bill

' to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

High Price A Petition of the Bailiffs and Citizens of the City of of ProviOon*;. Litchfield, was presented to the House, and read; Com-Litchfield. piaining of the Distresses of the Poor, from the Dear-- nefe of all Kinds of Provisions: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to provide such Redress therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are appointed to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

*7

Mr. Leivis ptefented to the House, according to Agaffirt Order, a Bill for naturalizing Lewis and John Sella^c»s Samuel Scltutse: And the same w as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.,

A Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the last ®xPor,t‘oa Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing American certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations, Colonies, granted by several Acts of Parliament; and also the Duties imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, upon certain Eqjl India Goods exported

from Great Britain, and for granting other Duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several Branches of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the British Dominions in America; as relates to the Exportation of Non-ennmerated Goods from the British Colonies in America; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed, that Mr. Marshall, from Account* the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he

was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders.

An Account of the Quantity of Starch made in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Midsummer 1740 to Midsummer 1766; distinguishing each Year;

And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Starch exported, from Midsummer 1740 to Midsummer 1766; distinguishing each Year, together with the Drawback paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the '

other Papers of this Session.

Sir Joseph Mawbey, according to Order, reported SaheJ from the Committee of the whdle House, to whom the Beef* . Bill to continue an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, wras committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Butler reported from the Committee, to whom Tonfwidge the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen,

Clergy, and Freeholders of the Counties of Kent and Sussex, and of the several Inhabitants of Tonbridge Wells, and of the several Parishes of Front, Mayfield, Rotherfield, Wadhurfi, Ticeliurfi, and Etchingham, in the said Counties, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas HeroeltDungate, being examined, said, That the Roads from Tonbridge Wells, to and through the Parishes of Front, Wadhurfi, Ti, and to a Plaee called Swifts Den, in the Parish of and from

Trant.

7 Geo. III.

20° — ax* Noroemhrh.

19

Trant,through the Parishes of

to and through the Parish and Town of and

from thence to Pojfingworth Great in the Parish

of Waldron, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, leading to Blackboys, are very ruinous, and in feme Parts thereof so very narrow and incommodious that they are impassable for Carriages in the W inter Season, and very dangerous and difficult for Persons travelling in Carriages, or on Hovfeback, at all Times; and that they cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being.

Mr. Richard Budgen, being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the lloads from Tonbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Swifts Den, in the Parish of Etcliingham, and from Front, to Poffingworth Great Wood, adjoining to

the Turnpike Road there, leading to in the County of Svjfex: And that Mr. Butler, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Comptroller, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

High Price of Corn.

Mr. Onjloie, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the present high Price of Corn, the Resolution which the Committee had directed liim to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Veneris 21° die Novembris \

Anno 7* Georgii III1*1 Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

MR. Ryder reported from the Committee, to whom Tiverton the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Capital R0411* Burgesses, and Assistants, of the Liberty of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, and others, the acting Trustees appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the 31st Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon s and also of the principal Inhabitants and Tradesmen of the said Town of Tiverton; and also of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Occupiers of Lands residing near, and travelling on the Roads therein alter mentioned, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had' directed him.to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth 5 viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; and Mr. Robert Pollan laid before the-Committee, an Account of the Receipts of the Tolls collected on the said Roads for the last Eight Years: by -which it appeared, that the annua! Income is Seven

That the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, into. Hundred Thirty-trvyo Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Great Britain, be permitted, for a limited Time, free Two-pence, or tlxeVeaboUts. He also laid before the

of Duty.

The said Resolutkm being read a Second Time; Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Hoirfe doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolutiou, That the Importation of Wheat and Wheati-flour, into Britain, be permitted, for a limitedTime, free of Duty.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Nugent, Mr. Onflcno,

Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Fuller, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Grenville, and Mr. Hartford, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Com, kc. The other Order of the Day being read, for the Exportation. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houfa, Aipon the Bill to prohibit, for aTime to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Mait, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and aHo the Extraction of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour';

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to prevent the making of Malt for Exportation, for a Time to be limited.

Tfien the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

East

Retford

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Grown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, in the room ol John Shelley, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Houshold.

Committee, an Account of the several Sums of Money now owing upon the Credit of the said Act, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of Ten Thoafand Three Hundred Pounds -, and said. The said Roads could'not be repaired, and the Money borrowed be repaid, unlefe the Term and Powers of the said Act were farther continued, and made more effectual.

, He further said. That the Road leading from Bickley Bridge Cross, in the Road between Tiverton and Creditor Forches, over Bickley Bridge to the Sign of the

Swan in the Town of Silverfon; and also the Road, from a certain Place called Bickley Wood Cross, to Ford Village Water, are, in many Parts thereof, narrow, and in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the present Methods provided by Law; and that the Witness thinks, for the Conveniency of Passengers going from Bickley Wood Cross to Ford Village Water, it will be necessary that the said Road should be carried through a Place called Dandiland.

That the saki Bridge, called Bickley Bridge, was, before the Palling of the said Act, repaired by the Inhabitants of Tiverton; and was very little used; but, since the Faffing thereof, by constant Cfage, the said Bridge is become ruinous, and is also so narrow-, that Broad Wheel Carriages cannot pass over the same without injuring it; and that the said Bridge cannot be repaired and widened without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ia a Bill to continue the Term, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the 3 iff. Year of his late Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Town Of Tiverton, in the County of Devon; and for repairing and widening the Road from Bickley Bridge Cross, over Bickley Bridge, to t he Sign of tlxe Swan, in the Town of Silver ton; and also the Road from Bickley Wood Cross, to Ford Village Water, in fixe said County: And that Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Claries Gore do- prepare and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

h

Vol. 31.

A Petition of the Moll NobleGeorgr Duke of Marl- Chestrrton borough. Lord of the Manor of Chesterton, in the Inclosure. County of Oxford, together with the humble Petition of the Reverend BenjaminPye,\ icar of the Parish of Chef-

terton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That there are several Open Common

Fields,

20

2i° Novemb.

A. 17

Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the said Manor and Parish, which are computed to confill of Sixty-two Yard Lands, Fifty-four Yard Lands of which are the Property of the Petitioner, the Duke of Marlbo, in Possession and Reversion; and Four Yard Lands, other Part thereof, are the Glebe Lands of the Petitioner, the said Benjamin Pye, as Vicar aforesaid; and that the said Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, in their present Situation, afford but little Profit to the respective Owners, and, while the same remain open and uninclosed, are incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Reflections, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Charles Spencer and Mr. Frederick Montagu do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

FoAon Bridge to

Little Drayton

Road.

Mr. Hewett reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, made, the One in the 12th of King George the First, and the other in the 12th of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Hill, near

Grantham,in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, was referred, that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition j the

together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied; but the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and kept amended, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts be further continued and enlarged; and setting forth, that it is desired that the Revenue of all the Gates, and the Money to be borrowed thereon, be applied to the Roads in general, as the Tolls arising from some Gates will be more than sufficient to amend those particular Roads, and the Collection at others will be insufficient; and that the Turnpike Roads may be extended from a Place called Aylesbury Farm, in the Parish of Holycross, in Perjhore, to the Mill Tail, in Perjhore, and from the Link, in the Parish of Leigh, to meet the Ledbury Turnpike Road, and from Brook, in the Parish of Hartlebury to Wribbenhall, and from Clifton Wood Gate, in the Parish of Clifton ujjon Team, to the Long Lane, in the Ludlow Road, and from CudCey Heath, in the Parish of Warnlon, to join the Stratford and Aulcester Turnpike Roads, upon Bradley Green, and from Kempfey, to Bridge,

and from Holt Heath, in the Parish of Ilolt, through Shrawley and Act ley, to the Bewdley Turnpike Road, and from High Ladder Style, in the Parish of Leigh, to Frooms Hill, in the County of Hereford, to meet the Hereford Turnpike Road, and from Upton Snods-bury, in the County of Worcester, to Wheelbarrow Castle, in the Parish of Roufelench, in the said County, and from Sidbury Gate to the College Grates, in the' City of Worcester; and that the Commissioners already named in the former Acts, or since duly elected, be continued in tins Act: And therefore praying, That' Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes abovementioned, with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition

T _ of the Trustees of the Turnpikes, and of the said Acts were read: Mr. John Bright, being examined. Freeholders and Occupiers of Land, in the County of laid. That the said Road hath been amended, and kept Worcester, and of divers principal Inhabitants of the in Repair, to the great convenience of the Public; City of Worcester, and the Suburbs thereof, whose but that the Powers in the said. Acts have, in some Names are thereunto severally subscribed, is referred;

Instances, been found inconvenient, and in others defective; and that further Powers are necessary.for carrying Part of the said Road in a more commodious and fade Manner for Travellers.

That several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which cannot be repaid, unless the Term be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Spirits, for Home C011-fumption, extracted from Wheat, Flour, Malt, Barley, and other Grain; likewise the Net Produce of the Duties upon such Spirits; from Christmas 1759, to Mid-continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of so summer 1766; distinguishing each Year, much of Two several Acts, made. One in the Twelfth Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Account of the Quantity of Spirits extracted from other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George Wheat, Flour, Malt, Barley, and other Grain, for the Second, as relates to the Road leading from Fofton foreign Consumption; with the Amount of the Bourn Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in ties granted on the Export of such Spirits; from

Accounts

ordered;

Spirits.

Worcester

Roads.

the County of Nottingham: And that Mr. Hewett, Mr. Frederick Montagu, and Mr. Willoughby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several.Commissioners and Creditors of the Tolls, arising from the several Turnpike Gates, leading to and from the City of Worcester, of the several Inhabitants of the said City, and of the Freeholders of the County of whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Commissioners and Creditors of the said Tolls, and the Inhabitants and Freeholders aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of Two Acts, One passed in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and the other in the Tenth Year of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the City of and alledging, that the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts in Execution, have borrowed several Syms of Money upon the Credit of the said Acts, which.

Colonies.

Christmas 1759, to Midsummer 1766; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Exportation to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, from upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made ii; American the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations, granted by several Acts of Parliament; and also the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, upon certain East India Goods, exported from Great Britain, and for granting other Duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several Branches of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the British Dominions in America as relates to the Exportation of non-enumerated Goods from the British Colonies in America; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Ml

7 Geo. III.

2i° — 24 N*

2fr

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Palerfon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Palerfon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the TIoufe, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Salted An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the Beef, &c. 5 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon* and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mawbey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Com, &c.' Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the

Exportation. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Elour, Bread, Biscuit, ami Stareh; and also the Extraction of low Wines, and Spirits, from Wheat and Wheat-flour; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One'; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them wasdifagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Exportation to certain Places, under the Regulations of the Bill, shall not be prohibited.

And the saidClause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be inerrossed.

O

Importatwa Mr. Nugent presented to the House, according to of£romeat Order, a Bill for allowing the Importation of Wheat America, and Wheat-flour, from His Majesty’s Colonies in 4me~ rica, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty: And the same was, received;

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and having taken the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Bill was read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Importation Mr. Nugent presented to the House, according to ot Wheat Order, a Bill for allowing the Importation of Wheat from and Wheat-flour, from any Part of Europe, into this Europe. Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. '

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Vol. 31

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luncz> 2\° die Novembris;

Anno 70 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

nilR IS TIA A N Van Tcylingen, Lewis Agajfiz,

and John Samuel Schulze, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Mr. Archer reported from the Committee, to whom Warwick the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Warzvick, and Road* the Neighbourhood thereof, and of divers others, wheffe Names are thereunto subscribed, usually travelling the Road therein after mentioned, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; John Beardjley, Esquire, being examined, said. That he knows the Road leading from the Borough of Warwick, over Hockley Heath, in the County of Warwick, to and through King's Norton, in the County of Worcester.

And Aston //a m>, Esquire, being examined, said.

That he knows the Road from King's Norton, to the upper End of Gannow Green, in the Parish of Bromf grove, in the County of Worcester; and so far as the Parish of Bromsgrove doth extend, leading towards Bell Inn, in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County of Worcester: And the Witnesses said, That the said respective Roads, are, in many Parts, very ruinous, narrow, and incommodious; that Materials for repairing the same lie very contiguous, but that they cannot be widened and effectually repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Warwick, to King's Norton, and to the upper End of Gannow Green, and to the End of the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, towards the Bell Jinn, in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County: And that Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Methuen,

Mr. Archer, the Lord Beauchamp, and Mr. Bromley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for naturalizing Mary Ann Amclie Burr owes. Burro wes* was read a Second Time. Nat*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston. Lord Coleraine, Mr. Palerfon, Mr. Lane, Mr.

Hervey, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Jarrit Smith,

Colonel Hervey, Mr. Montague, Mr. Onslow, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Vanjitlart, Mr. Fitzroy,

Mr. Tozvnjhend, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Ward, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gray, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Buller, Mr.

Prefcot, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Butler, Mr. Hewett, Mr.

Parker, Mr. Mills, 'Mr. Jackson, Mr. Dyfon, Mr.

Touchet, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Seymour,

Mr. Whitworth, Lord Carysfort, 'Sir Williajn Meredith, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Lord Verney, Mr. Cust,

Mr. Forreftei', Mr. Waller: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lozondes reported from the Committee, to whom Cranford the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting iu t to Execution Two Acts, One passed in the 13th Year of Maj£^ea<1 King George the First, and the other in the 17th Year of oa

G King

aa

a 40 Novembris. A. 17 66.

King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Cranford. Bridge, in the County of ,to that

End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; the said Acts were read; And,

Mr. William Bur comb, Surveyor of the said Road, being examined, said, That several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts; which, with the l olls collected, have been duly applied for the Repair of the Road; that great Part of the said Sums frill remain due, which cannot be repaid, and the Road kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and the Acts made more effectual.

That the Road leading from , to Eton; and

also the Road from Langley Broom, to in the Road to Windsor-, are very much out of Repair, and narrow in l'ome Parts, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Charles Eyre, Esquire, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence. -Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 13th Year of King GeorgetheFirft, and the 17th of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks; and for amending the Road from Slough, to a , certain Place in Eton; and from Langley Broom, to Datchet Bridge, in the County of Buckingham: And that Mr. Lowndes, Mr. the Lord Coleraine,

and Mr. Way, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Halton East Mr. Hewett presented to the House, according to

Indolme. Order, a Bill for dividing and ineloling a Stinted Pasture, and several other Grounds, in the Township of Halton East, in the county of : And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read Second Time.

Tiverton Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according toOr-

Roads. der a Bill to continue the Term, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 3 ill Year of his late Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon; and for repairing and widening the Road from Bickley Bridge CroJ's, over Bickley Bridge, to the Sign of the Swan, in the Town of Siiverlon; and also the Road from Bickley Wood Cr> Js, to Ford Village Water, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the Full Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tunbridge Mr. Butler presented to the House, according to Wells, Order, a Bill for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge r& a" Wells, in the County of Kent, to Szcifls Den, in the

oa 5‘ Parish of Elchingham; and from Front, to

uorth Great Wood, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, leading to Blackbo in the County of Siffex: And the same was received; and read the FirliTime. Resolved, That, the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tevlingen’s A Bill for naturalizing Chrifiaan Van Teylingen, Nat. was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clian-eellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Boulton, Mr.

Sir demine Wodehouse, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Mr.

Fruit, Mr. Drfen, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mr. celles, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. De Grey, Mr,

Ryder, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Gore, Mr. , Mr. -field, Lord Winterton, Mr Garth, Mr. Shi finer, Mr.

Lane, Lord George Sackville, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr.

Vansittart, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Jackson,

Mr. Butler, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Prefcot, Lord Orwell,

Mr. Morgan, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ward, Mr. Calvert,

Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Grey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Morgan presented to the House, according to Breconshire Order, a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads Roads, in the County of Brecon; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.'

A Bill for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Importation Wheat-flour, from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, o{ into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of America. Duty; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Importation Wheat-flour, from any Part, of Europe, into this King- °* dom, for a Time to be limited, li ce of Duty; was read Europe, a Second Time.

Resolved, That, the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit-'tee of the wdiole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Brooke do, upon Wednesday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Tlwmas Fairer do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

An ingrossed Bill to amend so much of an Act, made Exportation in the lati Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for American repealing certain Duties, in the Colonies and Colonies.

Plantations, granted by several Acts of Parliament; and also the Duties impoled by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, upon certain India Goods exported from Great Britain, and for granting other Duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several Branches of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the British Dominions in America s as relates to the Exportation of Non-enumerated Goods from the British Colonies in America-, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for re-

5>ealing certain Duties, in the British Colonies and 'Invitations, granted by several Acts of Parliament; and also the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, upon certain East India Goods exported from Great Britain, and for granting other Duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several Branches of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the British Dominions in America; as relates to the Exportation of Non-enume-rated Goods from the British Colonies in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to prohibit, for aTime to be limited, Corn, &c. the Exportation of Corn, Mult, Meal, Flour, Bread, Exportation Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of low Wines, and Spirits, from Wheat and Wheat-flour; was read the Third Time,

The

7 Geo. III.

2 40 Not'cmbris.

n

Importation of Wheat from Europe.

Accounts presented; Corn, &c.

Linen Cloth.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. io. I. 36. To leave out the Clause prohibiting the making of Malt for Exportation.

Pr. 22. 1. 12. To leave out "during the nextKecefs," and insert "and before the next Set " fiori," instead thereof.

1. 2S. To leave out " during such Reccfs,

" or."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to l;y the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved , That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of low Wines, and Spirits, from Wheat and Wheat-flour.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Merchants, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners being thoroughly convinced of the universal Scarcity of Wheat and Rye in this Kingdom, as well by the extravagant Prices they now bear, even in that County, so remarkable for its Growth and Plenty, as by their general Correspondence with other Corn Counties, do humbly apprehend, That, at this Juncture, an Act for the Importation of said Grain, Duty free, is not.only expedient, but highly necessary, for the Reduction of the present high Prices: And therefore praying. That a Bill may forthwith pass into a Law, for the above Purpose; or to give such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, from any Part of Europe, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty, is committed.

The House being informed, That Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prefeuted to the House, purl'uant to their Orders, refol

An Account of the Quantity of Grain and Flour exported from England, from 1696 to

to Christmas 1707; and from Christmas 1707 to 5th January 1766; and from 5th January 1766 to the 10th October Jail: And also, .

An Account of the Bounty payable on Corn, Grain, and Meal, exported from England, from Michalemas 1696 to the 5th of January 17 66; dirtinguishing what Portion of such Bounties has been paid on each Species of Corn, Grain, and Meal, in each Year; and from the 5th of January 17 66, to the 10th of October last.

Mr. Tomkyns, also, from the Commissioners of the Customs, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, upon the 23d Day of May last.

An Account of the Quantity of Linen Cloth, both Plain and Figured, imported into England, from Chri/i-mas 1759 to Christmas 1765; distinguishing each Year and each Species, and the Duties paid thereon, and the Places from whence the same have been imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the Two First of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are appointed to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

Ordered, That the other of the said Accounts do lie upon the 'Fable, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

VOL., 31.

A Petition of many of the nioft considerable Starch- Stawh, makers, and Dealers in Starch, in the Cities of London, ' g,

and Westmivjler, Borough of Southwark, and other Parts; within the Bids of Mortality: And also, J

A Petition of several of the moll considerable NJa* L)Itto. nufacturers of Indico, Makers of Blues, Maker! of Linens and Gauze, Printers of Calhcoes, Linens, and Cottons, Dyers of Silks, and Woollen Goods: n ’

W ere severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the 1 louse, that a Bill is. depend* ing, for prohibiting the making of Starch from Wheat or Wheat-flour; and aftedging. That the Quantity of Wheat and Wheat-flour,.goufumed in making of Starch, is small apd inconliderable, and the Quality in general of an inferior Sort, unfit for the making of Bread; that the principal Confuniption of Starch aril’es from the L'fe necessarily made thereof in the several Trades and Manufactures carried on by the respective Petitioners, and without which the same could not be carried on; and that no substitute hath hitherto been discovered for the making of Starch, in the Head of Wheat or Wheat-flour, but is equally hurtful to the Poor and the Public; and that the whole Quantity of Wheat consumed in making Starch, if converted into Bread, (much the greater Part whereof from its Quality, it is impossible so to convert) would not, as will appear from Calculation, afford more than One Pound Bread, One Day in a Year, to One Half Part of the Nation: And therefore praying the House to take into Consideration the several Allegations in their Petitions; and that, if it shall seem meet, the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel in Support thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Tabic, until the Bill for prohibiting the making of Starch from Wheat or Wheat-flour for a Time to be limited, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to High Price lolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to Con,‘ consider further of the present high Price of Corn;

llcfolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself info the said Committee.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That it be an I11-struction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed do prepare and bring in a Bill for the better Protection and Security of all Persons who have acted in pursuance of, or Obedience to, the late Order of Council, laying an Embargo on Wheat and Wheat-flour, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for discharging all Proceedings against any Persons for or on Account of the said Embargo.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House,. to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr/ RaferJ'on took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterjon reported from the Committee, That they bad come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pkafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Faterfon also acquainted the House, that he was

directed

Embargo on Wheat;

Bill of Pruteftion*

24* — 250 N

24

directed by the Cottimittee to move, that they may Two Miles above it, and no public Passage over the said

A. 17

Embargo on Wheat;

Bill of Protection.

have Leave to fit again.

Resolved., That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Secretary Conway presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Protection and

River below it nearer than Oxford, which isSeven M iles.

That the present Tolls taken at the said Perry are, One Penny for a llorfe, One Halfpenny for a Foot Paflenger, Three Halfpence for a Horse with Two Riders, and Five Pence a Score for Pigs: and that the said Tolls arc now let for Eighty Pounds per Annum. Mr. Edward Poole confirmed* the above Evidence. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Security of all Persons, who have acted in pursuance building a Bridge cross the River from Swyn-

High Price Provisions.

of, or in Obedience to, the late Order of Council, laying an Embargo on Wheat and Wheat-flour; and for discharging all Proceedings against any Persons, for or upon Account of the said Embargo: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon this Day Seven-night.

The other Order of the Day being read;

ford, in the County of Berks, to Eyin thcCounty

of Oxford: And that Mr. Blackstone and Mr. Smith do prepare, and bring in, the fume.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Account*

Commissioners of the Cnltoms in Scotland, attended at presented; the Door; he was called in; and at the Bar, presented t'orn» to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of all Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour,

Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, that hath, before the 26th

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- August 1766, been exported from Scotland, by virtue.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider of the present high Price of Provisions.

Cranford

to

Maidenhead

Road.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 50 die Novembris; Anno 7® Georgii III"' Regis, 1766. Prayers.

'R. Lowndespresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and

or in pursuance, of the Liberties or Powers given by the Act 6 Geo. III. diliinguishing to what Places the fame hath been exported.

Mr. Roice, also, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, of the 23d Day of May last.

An Account of the Quantity of Linen Cloth, both linendodu Plain and Figured, which has been imported into Scotland, from Christmas 1759 to 1765;

diliinguishing each Year and each Species, and the Duties paid thereon, and the Places from whence the same have been imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the

owers of Two Acts, passed in the 13th Year of King Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Burrowe*’

Nat.

George the First, and the 17th of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks; and for amending the Road from Slough, to a certain Place in Eton; and from Langley Broom, to Datchet Bridge, in the County of Buckingham.:And the same was

received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for naturalizing Mary Ann Amelic Bur-rawes, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Eynfham

and

Swynford

Bridge.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for naturalizing Lexcis Agajftz and Samuel Agafliz®* Schulze, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Harvey, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bootle, Mr.

Lord Beauchamp, Sir JosephMawbey, Mr. Lane, Mr. Conway, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Jackson, Mr.

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Burrell, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Lowndes, Sir JarritSmith, Mr. Garth, Mr. Forrefter,

Mr. Smith, Mr. LuttrclL, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Waljh, Lord UJburne, Mr. Clive, Mr. Gafeoyne, Mr. De Grey, Lord Pigot, Sir Armine -house, Mr. Vanfiltart, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor,

Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Edmonstone, Lord Mr.

Nugexit, Colonel Amherst, Mr. Whitxoorth, Mr. Boulton,

Mr. Rufhout, Lord Allen, Mr. Brand, Lord Villiers,

Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Ward, Mr. Mr. Dowdef-

7veil, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Howard, Mr. , Mr. Jones,

Lord Orxcelt, Mr. Glover, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Herbert:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to eonfider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Mr. Blackstone reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Willoughby Earl of Abingdon, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr.

Christopher Lipfcombe being examined, said, That he knows a certain Ferry over the River Thames or Jfis, between Eynsham, in the County of Oxford, and Swyn- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commil tee, ford,in the County of Berks, commonly called Eynsham That Sixteen Thousand Men be employed for the Sea

Ferry, that the same is in the Parish of Cumner, and is Service, for the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and the Property of Lord Abing don; that inTime of Floods Sixty-seven, including Four Thousand Two Hundred the said Ferry is impassable for Foot Passengers; and that Eighty-seven Marines.

it would be a great Advantage to the Inhabitants of that Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Country and the Public, if a Bridge was built at or near That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per the said Ferry: That thereisno Ferry nearer theretothan Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Sixteen 14 s Thousand

vj

7 Geo. III. 25° — 26* Novembris. 25

Tljoufand Men for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mercurii, 26° d Novembrtt;

Anno 7* Georgii III'1' Regis, 1766.

Way* Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-and Mean*, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Morion for A Motion was made, and the Question being put, ^*4*0*' That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, respecting That His Majesty will be graciously pleased to give Cera. Directions, that there be laid before this House, full Accounts and perfect Copies of all Applications, Informations, and Evidences, concerning the Prices and Quantity of Corn in this Kingdom, and concerning the Nccefiity of prohibiting the Exportation thereof, made, delivered, and offered, to His Majesty, or His Privy Council, during the Recess of Parliament; and also, a Copy of I Iis Majesty’s Order in Council for issuing the Proclamation, which W'as published on the 26th Day of September last pall, and of the said Proclamation;

It passed in the Negative.

East India Company.

The House was moved, that Part of an Act, made in the gth and 10th Year of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for raising a Sum, not exceeding " Two Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of A11nuities, after the Rate of Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum-, and for settling the Trade to the East " Indiesmight be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that Part of an Act, made in the 7th Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act to enable the South Sea

Company to ingraft Part of their Capital Stock and " Fund, into the Stock arid Fund of the Bank o " hind, and another Part thereof into the Stock and " Fund of the East India Company, and for giving " further Time for Payment, to be made by the said " South Sea Company', to the Use of the Public," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the State and Condition of the East India Company, together with the Conduct of all or any Persons concerned in the Direction or Administration of the said Company;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out all the Words from the Words " East India Company."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the Question being put. That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the State and Condition of the East India Company;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yea, j I29-

Tollers for the Noe, j }

So it was refolvod in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the said Committee be a Cortimittee of the whole House.

RtJollied, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, rel’ohe itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Prayers.

MR. Dowdejivell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trullees of the Wor-cejlcrTurnpikes, and of the Freeholders and Occupiers of Land, in the County of Worcester, and of divers principal Inhabitants of the City of Worcester, and the Suburbs thereof, whose Names are thereunto fevera ly subscribed; and also the Petition of the several Commissioners and Creditors of the Tolls arising from the several Turnpike Gates, leading to and from the City of Worcester, of the several Inhabitants of the said City, and of the Freeholders of the County of Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Commissioners and Creditors of the said Tolls, and the Inhabitants and Freeholders aforesaid; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions, Two Acts, of the 12th of King George the First, and the 10th of King George the Second, were read: And, Mr. William Giles, Clerk to the Trustees, said. That there is now owing, on the Credit of the said Acts, the Sum of £.4,200; and that the same cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in good Repair for the future, unless the Terms of the said Acts are enlarged; and that some Amendments and Alterations are necessary to be made to the said Acts.

Mr. William Giles and Mr.....Dandridge informed

your Committee, That the several additional Roads describedin the said Petitions are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious; and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Conrle of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing, altering, and amending. Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twelfth of King George the First, and of the Tenth of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads, leading into the City of Worcester -, and for amending several other Roads near or adjoining the reto: And that Mr . Doiodefwelt, Mr. Ward, Mr. Sandys,

and Mr. Rushout, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable William Earl of Dartmouth, on Behalf of himself and the rest of the Proprietors of Lands and Grounds lying in the Common Fields, and Commonable Lands called Olney Common Fields, in the Parish of Olney, in the County of Bucks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Lord of the Manor of Olney aforesaid, and Patron of the Vicarage of and is also the Owner of all the Tythes whatsoever arising within the said Common Fields; and that the several Lands and Grounds belonging to the Petitioner, and the rest of the Proprietors of Lands in the said Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed, and are incapable of Improvement in their present Situation: '1 here-fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord North, Mr. Frederick Montagu, and Mr, Lozendes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Worceflfr

Hoads.

Olney In do lure*

Vox.. 31.

H A Petition

2.6 26* Novembris.

Noiihfield A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

Road *a, Kl Inhabitants of the Counties of Warxvick, and Wor-' cester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was pre-lented to the House, and read; Setting forth,! hat the Roads leading from the Bell at in the County of Worcester, situate in the great Turnpike

Road leading from Bromefg to Birmingham, over West Heath, and from thence over Hill,

unto the ancient Road called The Portway, and from thence through Ullenhall Street,in the County of Warwick, to Wotton Turnpike, situate in the great Road leading from Stratford upon Avon to Birmingham, are in many Parts deep, miry, and ruinous, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Cohrfe of Law; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Catherlough', Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Ward, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Bacon, Mr Mr.

Doxcdefwell, Lord North, Mr. Mr. Archer, Mr. Skiffner, Mr. Harvey jSirW

for, Mr. Wood, Mr. Jac Mr. Burrell, Sir John Molefuorth, Mr. Houblon, Sir R

Evelyn, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Grey, Sir Thomas Cave',

Mr. Molyneux, Sir John Palmer, Mr. Gray, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Gore, Mr. Laurence, Mr Mr.

Mills, Mr. Thurloto, Sir Joseph Muwbey, Mr. Bacon,

Sir MeyrickBurrell, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Lane, Mr. Holt; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Wanvick, Worcester, Stafford, Gloucester, Salop, and Hereford; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend , for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Burrwes’ An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Mary AnnAnielie

Nat. Burrowes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Mary Ann Bur-

rmves.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Agafliz’* Mr. Hajke reported from the Committee, to whom °and the Bill for naturalizing Lewis Agaffiz and John Samuel

Sc,hutze’» Schulze, was committed, That the Committee had ex-at’ arnined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’sTable. Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Tevl'mgen’s Mr. Prefect reported from the Committee, to whom Nat. the Bill for naturalizing Christiaan Van w'as

committed, That the Committee had examined the . Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he . delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Fofton Bridge Mr. Hezvett presented to the House, according to to 6 Order,a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and

Liui« Crayton Powers of so much of Two several Acts, made, One in , Road. the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Geo the First,

and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the Road leading from Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

18

Ordered, That Leave be given to.bring in a Bill for Bankrupt*, the more equal and effectual Distribution of the Estates and Effects of Merchants, Bankers, Traders, Scriveners,

Factors, or Brokers deceased; and for the better Security of the Estates and Effects of such Persons described as aforesaid, becoming Bankrupts in their Life-times:

And that Mr. Prefcot and Mr. Cujl do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the . House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order, being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *"<1 Means, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that lie was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of W ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Importation a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for al- of lowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, America, from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuhied the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, w hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Importation whole House upon the Bill for allowing the imporra- 0 turn of Wheat and W? heat-flour, from any Part of Europi.

Europe,into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited,

free of Duty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pater/ow reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses; and had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine.of the Clock.

7 Geo. III.

2 70 Novemhris.

27

Jovisy 27° die Novemhris;

Anno 7* Georgii IIi'u Regis, x 766.

Praye r 5.

MR. Blackjlmc,prerented to the House,according to Order, a Bill for building a Bridgecross the Bridge!" River Thames, from Sicyn in the County of

EynfJiam

and

Swynford

British Dominions ip America; as relates to the Exportation of non-enumerated Goods from the British Colonies in America; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Rt. honble. to enable the Right honourable James the J °£v*ld’5*

Right honourable James Grenville, and the Right ho- Oath of nourable Isaac Barri,to take, in Great Britain, the Office. Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver Gene-

Den-bergh’*

Nat.

to Eynsham, in the County of '( Oxford: And the same ral, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Re-

r venues in the Kingdom of and to qualify

themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices; Without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers. withdrew.

Sr. Martin’s Church, Worcester.

was received; and read the First Time

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Philip Jacob Van Cloon, Baron otSoef-

dyke, LordRhynwick, Grandfather of CrifloffelVanDen-

bcrgh, an Infant of the Age of Seven Years, was pre-lented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for naturalizing the said Crijloffel Van Den-bergh.

Ordered, That I-eave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that ju the said County, through Studley, to a Brook called Mr. Kynaston and Mr. NicholsonCalvert do prepare, from thence along a narrow Lane, and

and bring in, the fame, across Mapleborroio Green, up and along

the Portway to Inkford Brook; and over Mr. Boulton, reported from the Committee, to whom Heath, by Drakes Cross, over Common, and the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and princi- King's Wood, to the South End of from

pal Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Martin, in the City thence through the said Lane, and across

A Petition offeveral Gentlemen, Freeholders, and SpmaUAlhj Inhabitants, of the County of Warwick, and other Persons, whose Names are subscribed, was prefen ted to the House, and, .read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Spernall Ash, in the Parish of Spemall,

Com, Sec. Exportation,

Salted Beef, See.

Exportation . from American Colonies.

of Wortr/ler,whose Names are thereunder subscribed,

on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed);

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr. William Bowen,being examined, said, That he, together with several others, surveyed the Parish Church of Saint Martin in the City of Worcester; that the fakl Church is in a very ruinous Condition, and in Danger of falling; and that he, and the other Persons concerned in making the SuFvey, were of Opinion, that it is incapable of being repaired: And the Witness produced to your Committee, an Ellimate of the Expence of taking down and rebuilding the said Church, amounting to the Sum of £.2,270. 6s. o d.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for re-building the Parish Church of Saint Martin, within the City of Worcester: And that Mr. Mr. Waljh,

and Mr. Ward, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of low Wines, and Spirits, from Wheat, and Wheat-flour; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords-have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the laift Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations, granted by several Acts of Parliament; and also the Duties ira-posed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, iiponcertain East India Goods exported from Great Britain, and for granting other Duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several Branches of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the Vojl 31.

to the South End of Stoney and from thence

along the same Lane, through and across

Balls Hall Heath, to the South Ealt End of a new Street, in the Parish of Aston, in or near the Town of Birmingham, being the direct and common Road between-Birmingham and Alcester, and branching from the Turnpike Road which leads from to

grove, at Spernall Ash aforesaid, is very much, out of Repair, in some Places narrow, and incapable of being effectually amended and‘widened, by the ordinary-Means provided by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repair, widen, and alter, the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be., referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it. shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Catherlough, Mr. , Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Dowdejwell, Mr.- Mackworth,

Mr. Jackson, Mr. Conway, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Morton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lane, Mr. Garth, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Mr.

Molyneux, Mr. Grey, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Pate Mr. Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Lewis,

Mr. Nugent, Mr. Dq Grey, Mr. Edmonstone,

Mr. Bdcon, Mr. Waller, Mr. Shiftier, Lord Coleraine,

Mr. Wilson, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Sir Jarrit

Smith, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Sir George Yonge, Lord Carysfort; and all the Members who serve for the Count iesofWarwick, Worcester, Salop, Gloucester, Hereford, and Stafford: And they are to meqt this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. Haldane, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Spirits, for Home Consumption, extracted from Wheat, Flour, Malt, Barley, and other Grain; likewise the net Produce of the Duties upon such Spirits, from 1759 to

Midsummer 1766; distinguishing each Year: And also, An Account of the Quantity of Spirits, extracted from Wheat, Flour, Malt, Barley, and other Grain, for foreign Consumption; with the Amount of the Bounties

granted

Accounts presented; Spirits.

Dr. Porteus Co preach before the House.

Ways and Means.

Importation of Wheat from Europe.

28 27° — a 8*

granted on the Export of such Spirits, from 1759, to Midfuinmcr 1766; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Novembris. A. 17

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment, thus amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Porfeus be desired to preach before this House, at St. Margaret's Westminster, upon Friday the 30th D&y of January next: And that Mr. Robinson, and Sir William Maynard do acquaint him therewith.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 14th Day of June 1767, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made,' and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 2 3d Day of 1767,

to the 24th Day of June 1768.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Paterson, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, from any Part of Europe, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty, was committed, the Amendment which thd Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the said Amendment being read a Second Time; The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made thereunto; viz.

To leave dut " Thirty-first," and insert " First " instead thereof; and to leave out " January," and insert " March " instead thereof.

And the Questiou being put, that the Word " Thirty-first " stand Part of the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j } 6

Tellers for the Noes, j } 75

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " First " be inserted instead thereof;

It vvas resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Word January" stand Part of the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word March" be inserted instead thereof;

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from Importation the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill of Wheat for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat* flour, from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, into Amenct* this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to direct an Entry to be made of Corn to be imported.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris 28° die Novembris;

Anno 7" Georgii IIItU Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

A Bill to continue the Term, and render more effec- Tiverton tual, an Act, passed in the 31st Year of his late Ruads. Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon; and for repairing and widening the Road from Bickley Bridge Cross, over Bickley Bridge, to the Sign of the Swan, in the Town of Silver Ion; and also the Road from Bickley Wood Cross, to Ford Pillage Water, in the said County; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Ilewett, Lord Winterton, Mr. Luther, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Onslow, Sir Henry Bridgeman, Mr. Loumdes, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr.

Hopkins, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Skiff tier, Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Bootle, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Knight, Mr. Harbord, Lord John Cavendish,

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Burke, Mr. Whately,

Mr. Butler, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Edmonflone, Sir John Palmer, Sir Thomas Cave; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Dorset,

Somerset, Wilts, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to New Street, whom the Petition of the Trustees, assembled at a Ge- &c. neral Meeting for putting in Execution an Act of Par- Southwark liament, made in the 22d Year of his late Majesty King 03

George the Second, for opening and making a new Road from the East End of Very Street, in the'Parish of John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them,

to

Brecon shire Roads.

eyliogen’s

Nat.

Agaffiz’

and

Schutze

Nat

Halton

East

Inclosure.

7 Geo. III. 28° Novembris.29

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Homeward said. That the Trustees have

roceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have orrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof; that the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the Roads be kept in good Repair for the future, unless the Term of the said Act is enlarged, and the said Act be made more effectual.

That there are several other Roads branching out of the said Road, which are in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be amended and kept in good Repair by the ordinary Course of Law.

Beriah Hilly Esquire, confirmed the aforegoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term, granted by an Act, passed in the 22d Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for opening and making a new Road from the Ealt End of Ncio Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future; and for extending the same to several other Roads adjoining the reto: And that Sir Sir

Mawbey, and Mr. OnJlow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

- A Bill for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Brecon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Herbert Lloyd, Lord Percy, Mr. Morgan, Lord Stewart, Lord Tavistock, Sir Henry Bridgeman, Mr. Mack-worth, Lord Mexborough, Sir William Meredith, Mr.

Kynaston, Lord Winterton, Mr. Staunton, Lord Beauchamp, Lord Orwell, Mr. Fairfax, Lord Mr.

West, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sir

Francis Delaval, Lord Grey, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Gray, Mr. Mr. Grey, Mr.

Forejtev, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Walter, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. OnJlow, Mr. Drake, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Harvey, M r. Cooper, Mr. Brand, Mr. Her vet t, Sir

Barrington, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Seymour, Sir Charles Tynte; and all the Members who l'erve for the Principality of Wales; and for the Counties of Hereford, Gloucester, Salop, and Monmouth: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Christiaan Van Tcylingen,was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Ami that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Christiaan Van

Ordered, That Mr. P ref cot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Agaffiz and John Samuel Schutze, was read the Third Time.

Ref dyed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Agaffiz and John

Samuel Schutze.

Ordered, That Mr. Prefcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a Stinted Pallure, and several other Grounds, in the Townrtiip of Halton East, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

ResolvedfYh&t the Bill be committed to Mr. Hewett, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Price, Mr. Lord

Carysfort, Mr. Legh, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Yorke, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir George Savile, Mr. Grenville, Sir Henry Bridgeman, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Montagu, Lord Palmerftone, Mr. Fairfax, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Gore, Sir William Baker, Sir William

VOL.31.

Maynard, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Charles Tynte, Mr.

Sir John Palmer, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Cooper,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. OnJlow, Mr. Loiondes, Mr.

Mr. Gilbert, Ixxrd Orwell, Mr. Grey, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Drake, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr Boulton, Mr. Mr. Sargent; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancaster, and Nottingham: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Supply Bill, Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Ma- *c* jesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year r 767: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Seddon, from Wellminftw the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River ®ddge. Thames from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 5th Day of February 1766 to the 26th Day of November following, inclusive: And also.

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the xoth Day of

October 1765 to the xoth Day o t'O 1766; together with a Rent Roll, and an Account of Bridge Rents received, from the 5th of July 1765 to the 5th of July 17 66.

And then he withdrew. (

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said State and Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing the Importation of Imoortatioa Wheat and Wheat-flour from any Part of Europe, into of Wh at this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty; _from was read the Third Time. Europ,‘

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill by way of Ryder, to compel the making due Entries of Wheat and Flour imported.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Queliion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, from any Part of Europe, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing the Importation of Importation Wheat and Wheat-flour from His Majesty’s Colonies °^eat in America, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to consider Pafliges of the Passages leading to and from this House, and to report their Opinion thereupon to' the House: the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Lowndes, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Gilbert,

I Mr.


jo 28° Novemhris. — 2° Decembris. A. 1766.

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Stanley, Mr. West,cha Mr. Mr. Sir Mr. Nugent, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir William Stan- Sm, Mr. Neville, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr hope, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Prefcot, Lord John Mr Mr. Mackuorth, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Cavendish, Mr. Burke, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Grey, Lord Willoughby, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Tynte, Mr.

Beauchamp, Mr. Coventry, Mr. OJivuld, Mr. Grenville, Smith, Mr. Morton, Sir John Barrington, Mr.

Sir Charles Kcinys Tynte, Mr. Bacon, Colonel Grteme, ton, Mr. H aller, Mr. Inline, Sir Mr.

Mr. Aldemian Bedford, Mr. Ellis, Sir Alexander Darker, Mr. Mr. Butter, Mr. Eyre, Mr.

Grant, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Ovjlow, Mr. Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Ryder,

Forrcsler, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Onjlozv, Mr. Calvert, Lord Mr. and all the Members who serve for the

Frederick Campbell, Mr. Cnjt, Lord Carys/ort, Mr. Counties of Oxford, Berks, Wilts, and

Archer, Mr. HunlerfMr.Fitzherbert, Mr. Shiffher, Sir SoAnd they are to meet this Afternoon, at

William Beauchamp ProSlor, Mr. Paterfun, Mr. Bull, Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir JosephMaicbey, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Plumptre, Lord

Lijburne, Mr -Gray, Mr. Grey, Mr. Townshend, Mr. A Bill to enlarge the Term and Power of Two Acts, Cranford

Edmonjione, Mr. Pratt, Lord George Sackville, Mr. passed in the 13th Year of King George the First, and Maidenhead JIarbord, Sir Matthew Lambe, Lord Catlierlough, Mr. the 17th of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road Road.

Dyfon, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Sir Charles Saunders, Sir from Cranford Bridge, in the County of to

William Meredith, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Jen- that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the kinfon, Mr. Whafely, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. County of and for amending the Road from

Dowdefxccll, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Waller, Mr. Worjley: Slough, to a certain Place in and from Langley

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Broom, to Datchet Bridge, in the County of Bucking-Clock in the Speaker's Chair. ham; M as read a Second Time.

That t he Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes,

Embargo Ordered, That the Order, made upon Monday last, Mr. Townshend, Lord North, Mr. Sir John Gib-

en Wheat; for Second Reading of the Bill for the better Pro- bons, Mr. Mr. Montagu, Mr. Herne, Mr.

Protection *ec,'on and Security of all Persons who have acted in ler, Mr. Way, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Kyn-pursuance of, or in Obedience to, the late Order of aston. Sir Lynch Cotton, Lord Carys/ort, Sir

Council, laying an Embargo on W heat and Wheat- Armine Wodehouse, Sir Baker, Mr. Mackworth,

Hour; and for discharging all Proceedings against any Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Burke, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr.

Persons for or upon Account of the said Embargo; Neville, Lord Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Blackstone,

upon that Day Seven-night; be now read. Sir Robert Long, Mr. Darker, Mr. Mr. ‘

Ami the said Order being read accordingly; Grant, Mr. Mr. Lord Verney, Sir

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. Charles Mr. Price, Mr. Glover, Mr.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, leton, Mr. Thurlow. Sir Joseph Mawbey; and all the upon Wednesday Morning next. Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Middlesex, Berks, Oxford, Somerset, and Gloucester:

Adjourn* Resolved, That thislloufe will, at the Rising of the And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the menu House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Morning next. Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

High Price The House, according to Order, resolved itself into of Corn, a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr, Onjloiotook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onjloiv reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit, aeain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuejduy Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

High Price of

ProriGon*.

Eynthara

and

Swynford

Bridge.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the present high Price of Provisions.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2° die,

Anno 7* Georgii III1*' Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

A Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Swynford, in the County of Berks, to Eyn-sham, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second! line.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. jione, Sir ArmineWodehouse, Mr Mr. Parker,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bull, Mr. ShSir

16

A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Third and Tenth Years of the Reign of Khig George the First, and another in the Eleventh Year of the lte'gn of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter/bridge which lies in the Pa-rilli of A enfington,in the County of leading

through the I owns of Brentford and >, to the

Powder Mills, 111 the Road to Staines, and to Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Culnbrooke, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed aconsiderable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, but find that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, and the Money borrowed be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Acts is further continued, and the Powers thereof are enlarged; and that Part of the great Western Road, lying West of the Highway’, directed to be repaired by the said Acts, and East of the Turnpike Road, leading to at a Place

commonly called Cranford Bridge, is frequently overflowed, and in Times of Flood, dangerous to Travellers; and that the erecting a good and substantial Bridge at the said Place, and repairing the said Road, would be a great Convenience to all Persons travelling the Western Road; and that the Road leading from the said great Western Road, at or near a Public House, known by the Sign of the Coach and Ilorjes, through Sion Lane, and the Town and Parish of to

the farther End of a Bridge, built over a Stream, called Mother Jov's Water, in the Parish of Twickenham, in the said Comity; and also the Road or Wav, called Pound Lane, or Lower Wood Lane, leading out of the said great Western Road, near Smattbeny Green Turnpike, to a Public House, known by the Sign of The George, in the Town of IJleworlh afore-

laid;

Counter*-

bridge,

&c.

Roads*

7 Geo. III.

2° Decembris.

Malt, &c.

Marchwivel

to

Dodington

Road.

said; are in a very ruinous Condition, in many Places poses; and such of the said Members, as are by Law

very narrow, and cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and rendered commodious, by the present Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given-to bring in a Bill for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts; for erecting a Bridge at the said Place, called Cranford Bridge-, and for repairing the said Road; in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Beauchamp ProBor, Mr. Thurloio, Mr. Bluckstone, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr.

Gascoyne, Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Gibbons, Mr.

Jhend, Mr. Burrell, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Sir Charles Mr.

Smith, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Glover, Mr. Mr.

Sandys, Sir Joseph Maivbey, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Fuller,

required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and fub-scribe the Oath of Qualification, having delivered in such Account, and taken and subscribed the said Oath accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to tile House:

And it is referred to Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Morton, Mr. Buller, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Gray, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Mr.

Whitworth, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Mackworth, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Ward, Sir Charles Tynte, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Dowd(swell.Sir Henry Bridgeman, Lord

Lorn, Colonel Amherjt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lord

Mount Stuart, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Onfiow, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Thurloio, Mr. Waller, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. venor, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lane, Lord Catherbugh,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Abercromby, Mr. Mr. Ward, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Fairfax, Mr.

High Price of Corn; Bath.

Butter, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Robert Long, Mr. Darker, Jx>rd Ca/y.fort, Sir ArmineWodehouse, Mr.

Mr. Brand, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Staunton, Air. tre iand all the Alembers who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Bucks, Southampton, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Alayor, Aldermen, and Common

Darker, Mr. Staunton, Sir Robert Long, Air. worth, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Loivndes, Mr.

Ongley; and all the Members who serve for the Principality of Wales-, and for the Counties of Salop,

Chester, Lancaster, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, and Grand Jury, of Whitchurch the County of Flint,all'embled at the Allizes holden to

- - J. - ----- - - - W exham

Council, of the City of Bath, was prel'ented to the for the said County, on the 19th Day of August 1766,

House, and read; Complaining of the Diltreffes which the Poor in general labour under from the Deamefs of Corn, and other Necessaries of Life: And praying the House will pass a Bill, or Bills, to remedy the above Grievances, or give such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are appointed to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

A Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Alum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1767, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Alorning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Road.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Denbigh, was presented to the House, and read; Setting

forth, That the Highway leading from Marchwivel, in

the County of Denbigh, through t he several Parishes of Bangor, Worthenbury, and Hanmer, in the County of

Flint, to Dodington, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County o iSabp,is very founderous, and in bad Repair,

and cannot be effectually repaired by the Laws in being; and that Two Thoui'and Pounds and upwards hath been engaged to be advanced upon the Credit of the Tolls to be collected on the said Highway, in order to be expended in the Repair of the fame, in case an Act of Parliament shall be obtained, for making the same a Turnpike Road; which Sum is, as the Petitioners conceive, sufficient to complete the Repair of the said Highway: And therefore praying, That the House will take the above same into their Consideration, and graut such Relief as they shall think meet.

And several Alembers, returned upon new Writs, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Pur- Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions,

Voti. 31. that

was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Highway leading from the Market Town of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, through the Town Bangor, in the said County of to the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, leads through a very deep Clay Country, and cannot be effectually repaired, without an Expence much too considerable to be well borne by the Occupiers of the

Lands, in the several Parishes in which the said Road lies: And therefore praying, That such Relief may be granted in the Premiles, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Ditto, and other Inhabitants, of the Alarket Town of Whitchurch, in the County o f Salop,was also presented to the House, and read; Settingforth, That the Highway leading from Dodington,(adjoining to the said Town of

Whitchurch, through the several Parishes of Hanmer, Worthenbury, and Bangor, in the County of to Marchwivel,in the County of Denbigh, is very founderous, and in bad Repair and cannot be effectually mended by the ordinary Means provided by Law: And therefore praying. That the House will take the above same into their Consideration, and grant such Relief as they shall think meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Iaft preceding Petition is referred.

And they are to examine the Alatters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Account Account of the Aledium Prices given for Beef, Pork, p^fBeef, and Wheat, bought at the Ports of London, Portsmouth, &c,

Plymouth, Chatham, and Dover, for victualling His Majesty’s Navy, for 21 Years; from the ili of January 1745 to the ill of January 1766; distinguishing each Port and each Year; also the Medium Price of each Species, for the said 21 Years, for each Port; together with the Aledium Prices lor the fame, for all the Ports.

The Lord Villiers reported to the House, that their Address of the 17th Day of November lait, that His

King’j Answer to Address for Accounts.

3 2 2° — 3° Decembris.

that the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before thisHouse, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly>

Bath A Petition of Walter Lo, Esquire, was presented

Ble&ion. to the House, and read; Setting forth. That at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the City of Bath, in the County of John Smith,

Esquire, and the Petitioner, were put in Nomination as Candidates; and the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, was duly elected, and ought to have been returned , but that henry Wright, Esquire, the Mayor of the said City, who acted as Returning Officer at the said Election, was prevailed on to admit as Voters for the said John Smith, several Persons who were not qualified, nor had any Right, to vote at the said Election, although the Petitioner, befote such Persons gave their Votes, objected to their being admitted to vote at the said Election , and that many other undue, unwarrantable, corrupt, and illegal, Practices were made use of by, or on Behalf of, the said John Smith, in relation to the said Election, as well before as at the Time oft akin g the said Poll; and the said John Smith, is returned to serve in Parliament for the said City, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be beard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the ioth Day of February next.

High Price The House, according to Order, resolved itself into 5 of a Committee of the whole House, to consider further Corn. of the present high Price of Corn.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir JosephMaivbey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Joseph Mawbey accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was, directed by the Committee to move the House, that a Committee be appointed to consider an Act, made in the 31st Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread: And to report their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And Sir Joseph Mawbey moved the House accordingly

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to con-

♦ fider an Act, made in the 31st Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to puniffi Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Joseph Mawbey, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Dyfon, Mr.

Blackfone, Mr. Townshend Mr. Stanley, Mr. Sandys, Sir Henry Bridgeman, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Onjloiv, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Wynn, Mr.

Dowdeftcell, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Treasurer of the Houshold, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Secretary Conway, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Glover, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Price, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Grey, Sir ArmineWodehouse, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Sir Charles Tynte, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Mr. Mackworth, Lord

Gage, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Ward, Mr. Burrell, Lord George Sackville, Mr Grosvenor, Sir Merrick Burrell,

Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Wedderbum, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr Boulton, Mr. Rushout, Sir William Baker, Mr. v

Fitzmaurice, Mr. Waller, Mr. WhMr. Darker, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr BuMr Mr. Gascoyne, Colonel Amherst, Mr. Ongley, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Cujt, Mr.

Thrale, Mr. Coventry, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Plumptre, Sir John Sebright, Mr. Whitworth; and all the Members who serve for the City of London; and the Counties of Middlesex, Kent, Sussex and Essex: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records ;and all who come are to have Voices.

Sir Joseph Mawbey also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move that they . may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn. --

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day High Price Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the of whole House, to consider of the present high Price ^rovisions. of Provisions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 3* die Decembris;

Anno 7* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

A Petition of Thomas Hotchkis was presented to Hotchkis* the House, and read; Setting forth. That Tho- Name. mas Littler, late of the City of London, Wholesale Hosier, did, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date on or about the 2d Day of June, 1764, give to the Petitioner a considerable personal Estate, and his Interest in the Business carried on by the Testator and Company; and directed, by a Codicil to the said Will, dated on or about the 29th Day of January, 1766, that the Petitioner should take and use, together with the Name of Hotchkis, the Surname of Littler, and bear the Arms of the said Testator; that the saidTef-tator died on or about the 15th Day of November, 1766 j and the Petitioner is willing and deiirous to take and use the Surname and Arms of Littler, pursuant to the Directions of the said Testator: And therefore praying, That Leave, may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Shiffher, Mr. Lane, and Nlr.K do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Earl of Calherlough reported from the Commit- Northfield, tee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, &c. Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of W ®-oad* wick and Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followelh;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Thomas Lloyd, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Roads leading from the BeU. Inn at Nortlfeld, in the County of Worcester, over a certain Heath called Wef Heath, and from thence to and over WeathercockHill, to the ancient Road called The Portway; and from thence

to

7 Geo. III. 30 Decembri. 33

to and through Ullenhall ,in the County of wick, and from thence to Turnpike, situate in

the Road leading from Stratford upon Avon to Birmingham; are in many Parts very deep and ruinous, and in others very narrow: and that the same cannot be effectually amended and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law.

Which Evidence was confirmed by a Member present at the Comrpittee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the Roads leading from the Bell Inn, at Nortlfeld, in the County of Wvrcester, over W e Weathercock Hid, and The Port way,through Ullenhall Street, in the County of Warwick, to the Wootton Turnpike, situate in the great Turnpike Road leading from Stratford upon Avon, in the said County of Warwick, to in the said County: And that the Earl of Mr. Kynaston, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Spemall Ash The Earl of Catherlough reported from the Commit-Road* tee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Warwick, and other Persons, whose Names are subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his, Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr. Thomas Perkins being examined, said, That the Road leading from Spemall Act, in the County of Warwick, through the several Places mentioned in the Petition, to the South East End of a new Street in the Parish of Aston, in or near the Town of is in a ruin-

ous Condition, and dangerous to Travellers, and, in many Places, very narrow and incommodious, and cannot 'be effectually amended and widened by the present Method prescribed by Law.

' Mr. Thomas Lloyd confirmed the Evidence of Mr.

Perkins.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from SpemallAJh, in the County of Warwick, through Studley, to Aston, near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick: And that the Earl of Catherlough, Mr. Kynaston, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Account The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the prerented, Commissioners of the Excise in Scotland, attended at Surch. the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Amount of the Duties on Starch, from Midsummer 1740 to Midsummer 1766, both inclusive.

And then he. withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, -to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the Account Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at 5

the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament.

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery, to Davis's Streights, and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged; and also, what Quantity of Oil, and Whale Fins, each Ship has imported; from the 10th of October 1765 to the 10th of October 1766.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Notice being taken of the Order, made upon the 2d Parish Poor. Day of June lait, in the last Session of Parliament, for the Account therein mentioned, to be prepared, in order to be laid before this House in this present Session of Parliament;

Ordered, That the Company of Parish Clerks do lay before this House, Copies of the Abstracts of the Re-, gifters of the Parish Poor, within the Bills of Mortality, under Four Years of Age, from the ill Day of July 1762 to the 31st Day of December 1765.

The House being informed, that Mr. Mackie, from Ditto, the Company of Parish Clerks, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Book, intituled, " Abstracts of the Registers of " the Parish Poor, of and under Four Years of Age,

" from the ift Day of July 1762 to the 31st Day of " December 1765."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Charles Townshend, from the Commissioners for XlHraate executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great presented; Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their iNav7» Address to His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy for the Year 1767.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The laid Estimate is preserved among the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof is as followeth; viz.

VoL- 3i- K ABSTRACT

3* Decembris. 17

ABSTR ACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1767.

N*

1. -To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord! High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secre- V taries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto - 3

\ Yards

4

8

6

6

6)

a. Superannuated Sea Officers -3. Pensions and other Allowances -

(Chatham -

Deptford - -

Woolwich -

Portsmouth -

Sheerness -

Plymouth - -

Mailer Mailers and other Officers of the Out Ports

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein -

13. Charge of Harbour Moorings and Harbour Rigging

14. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,

Buildings, 8Ce. -

15. Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers

.16. Bounty to Chaplains -

20,044

7>834 3*95 3 »*4* 2,520

4.054

1,813

3»245

s.

8

10 1

11

8

14

4

9

d.

io1

1

£. d

33*943 4 1

28,478 19 7

1-8,071 10 o

3*577 16 "

54,050 2 5

23,630 14 2

49.739 0 0

102,454 o o

94,000 o o 1,231 17 6

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1767 - 409,177 4 8

To which may be added.

To the Governors of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the Support and Relief of SeaO

men worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not > 10,000 o o

be provided for within the said Hospital, for the Year 1767, Ten Thousand Pounds J

I- 4I9»I77 4 8

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1767, amounts to Four hundred Nineteen Thousand One Hundred Seventy-seven Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence.

1

G. Cokburne. Tho. Slade. J. Williams. E. T. Brett. Rd. Temple.

Account

ordered;

Cattle

imported.

Highways; Committee of Inquity.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Account of the Number of Cattle imported into Great Britain, from Ireland, since the 1 ft Day of May 1759,

distinguishing the several Sorts imported in each Year,

as far as the said Account can be made up.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to in-

5[uire into the Management and Application' of all uch Sums of Money as have been collected,. within Twelve Years last past, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, for repairing any particular Highway.or High ways , and to report the Matters, as they shall appear to them, together with their Observations and Opinions thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House.

*7

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Gray, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Calvert,

Mr. Onjloic, Mr. Dowdeswell, Lord Mr.

Edmonjtone, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Ilervey, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Moxitagu, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Buller, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Martin, Mr. Butler, Mr. Sir

Jarrit Smith, Mr. Shi.ffher, Mr. Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Burke, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Whitworth Mr. Cujl, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Mr.

Clive, Mr. Whately, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Hoxvard, Mr.

Brand, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Lowndes, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Nugent, Lord Lorn, Sir Joseph bey, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Secretary Conway, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir William Baker, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Ellis, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Waller, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Bacon, Sir Merrick Burrell, Sir William

Meredith,

7 Geo. III.

3° — 4° Decembris.

35

Meredith, Lord Garlics: And they are to meet this his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- Office of First Commissioner for executing the Office of her; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

Cockerraouth

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland, in the room of Charles Esquire, who, since his Election lor the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral df Britain. Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to QownWagh the Clerk of the Crown, to'make out a new Writ for Wut’ the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Queenborough,in the County of Kent, in the room of Sir Pie Brett, Knight, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the'Com mi {Turners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great

Supply Bill, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Malt, &c. iQ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1767, be now read.

And the said Older being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause Of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an.Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to diredi that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th

And then the House adjourned -till Tomorrow Morning, Nine-of the Clock.

Jovis, 40 die Decembris;

Anno 7° Georgii III'u Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

Day of March 1767, of the Income of the Duties on It presented to the House, according

-Malt, granted for the Year 1765, to satisfy Principal J\jL Order, a Bill to enable to take

and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Surname and Arms of Lit tier, pursuant ’to the Will

to Hotchkls* Name.

the Supplies for the Year 1767.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow ‘Morning.

Supply.

of Thomas Littler, deceased: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to Pa®g« consider of the Passages leading to and from this House, ^ndfrom

have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. House.

A Petition of Hefter Arthur, Lady of Part of the Adlingfleet Manor of Acting fleet, in the County of York, and also Inclosure. Owner of divers Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Township of Adlingfleet aforesaid; the Reverend Nathaniel Hodgson, Vicar

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to aforesaid, and Owner of all the Tithes (except the

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Embargo on Wheat;

Bill of Protection.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill for the better Protection and Security of all Persons, who have acted in pursuance of, or in Obedience to, the Jate Order of Council, laying an Embargo on Wheat, and Wheat-flour; and for discharging all Proceedings against any Persons^ for or upon Account of the said Embargo; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Tithes of Corn) and of certain Glebe Lands, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, within the said Township; Cornelius Stovin, James Stovin, and others, whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, Owners of, or otherwise interested in, divers other Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as well within the said Township of Adlingfleet, as within the Townships of Fockerby and Haldenby, in the Parish of Adlingfleet, and also interested in certain Commons lying withip the said several Townships, or some of them; was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township, several Open Fields and Grounds, called. The East Field, The Field, The Ings, and The Groves,

Killings, or other Names, containing, in the whole, about 450 Acres; and also several Commons, containing about 700 Acres, lying within the said Townships of Adlingfleet, and of Fockerby, and afore*

said, or some of them; and that, if the said Fields, Commons, and Grounds, were divided, inclosed, and allotted to the Owners thereof in proportion to their respective Shares and Rights, it would be to the mutual Benefit of all the Parties interested; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill’ for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restri$ions as to the I souse shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Major, and Mr.

Portsmouth Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do i/Tue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- Ucnniker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, jnent for the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of

Southampton, in the room of Sir Edward Hawke, Knight A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors Haute

of the Most honourable Ol der of the Bath, w ho, since of Houses, Toftsteads, and Land, in the several Town- ?utVrf ^en . xr , iadoiure.

VOL. 31.' lbips

3*

Decembris.

A; 1766.

Donington

Fen

Inclosure,

&c.

flops and Parishes of Boston West, SkirbeckQuarter, Wy~ Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill ac-berlon, Frampton, Kir ton, Algarkirke, Fofdyke, Sutter- cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that tonJVigtoft, Swineshead, and Brothertoft, in the County Sir Jarrit Smith, and Mr. Gray do prepare, and bring of Lincoln, having Right of Common in the Haute in, the fame. \

Huntre Fen, commonly called The Eight Hundred, or

Holland Fen, lying in the said County, was presented Notice being taken, that some further Examination New Street, to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, from the would be necessary, with regard to the Matter of the rs *hc\ark\ Mixture of Property, as well as the Distance of the Petition of the Truliees (assembledat a General Meet- ' Roid*. said Fen, in many Parts, from the saidTownships and ing) for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament,

Parishes, the Petitioners do not receive so much Advan- made in the Twenty-second Year of his' late Majesty tage as they might do, if the same were divided and King George the Second, for opening and making a inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several new Road, from the Ealt End of New Street, in the Towns, in proportion to their several Rights and Inte- Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the reds; but that such Division and Inclosure cannot be several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future;

And the Order made upon Friday the 28th Day of November lall, " That Leave be given to bring in a Bill " for enlarging the Term, granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King " George the Second, for opening and making a new " Road, from the East End of New Street, in the Parish " of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Browtdow Bertie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the said

" Road in Repair for the future, and for extending the " same to several other Roads adjoining thereto," being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

RefolThat the Report, which, upon Friday the

carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Fen, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

Crfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that rd Robert Bertie, Lord George Sackville, and Lord

A Petition of the several Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, and Toftsteads, in the Parish of Donington, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Set-

ting forth; That there are, in the Parish aforesaid, cer- 28th Day of November last, was made from the Com

tain Open Fields, and Meadows, containing about 1 ;oooo Acres, wherein the Lands of the Petitioners and others lie intermixed and dispersed in finallParcels; and therefore are not at present capable of any considerable Improvement; and that there are, in the said Parish, large Common Fens, and other Commonable Places, containing 2,000 Acres, or thereabouts, which are frequently overflowed with Water, and of very little Service to those who have Right of Common thereupon; but if the said Fields, Meadows, and Common Fenswere divided and inclosed, and the said Fens properly im-banked and drained, the whole might be improved, to the great Advantage of the Parties interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

mittee, to whom the said Petition was referred, be recommitted.

Resolved, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Petition had been referred.

Sir George Yonge, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to, their Order,

An Account of the Medium Prices given for Beef, Pork, and Wheat, bought at the Ports of London, Portsmouth, Plymouth, Chathaand Dover, for victualling His Majesty’s Navy for Twenty-one Years, viz. from the ill of January 1745, to the ill of January 1766; distinguishing each Port and each Year; also the Medium Price of each Species, for the said Twenty

Accounts presented; Prices of Beef, &c.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- one years> for each port, together with the Medium

amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ~ ....

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Ibrd Robert Bertie, Sir Anthony

Abdy, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Burgoyne,

Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Gray, Mr. Harveij, Mr. Meyrick,

Lord BrownlowBertie, Mr, Fuller, Mr. Grant, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Wynn, Lord Coleraine,

Lord George Sackville, Sir John Major, Mr. Bootle,

Mr. Norris, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Cooper, Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Henry Bridgeman; and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, Warwick, Stafford,

and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Worcester Roads.

Mr. Dowdeswell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing, altering, and amending. Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twelfth of King George the First, and of the Tenth of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of cester; and for amending several other Roads near or adjoining the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Prices for the same for all the Ports.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Harris.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Mary Anne Amelia Burroioes, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have pdffed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Thomas Delves, Baronet, and his Heirs Male, to take the Name of Broughton; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Burrowes’

Nit.

Delves’

Name.

Parish

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the State of the Parish Poor Infants, under the Age Cornmittw* of Four Years, within the Bills of Mortality; and to of report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, Inquiry, to the House:

Koe’*

and

WollTs

Nat.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

A Petition of John Koe and George Wolff, was pre- Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Calvert, Sir Francis Vin-fented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave cYordColeraine, Lowndes, may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturaliza- Mr. Mr. Gray, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Dodd,

tion- Mr. KynaftonfSlr. Attorney General, Mr. Hopkins, Mr.

OJbaldefton,

L30 ?ie

7 Geo. III. 4* — 50 Decembris. 37

O/baldr/fon, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Lord Tavistock, Mr.; Ordered, That the said Petiticw be referred to the

Ryder, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lane, Mr. Bull, Mr. Wynn, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

Mr. Tucket, Mr. Bullet, Lord Grey, Mr. Jackson, Mr. mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Burrell, Mr. Grey, Mr. Gore, Sir Merrick Burrell, Mr.: shall appear to therti* to the House:

Touchet, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Fonnereau, Lord Mount And it is referred to Mr. Henry Archer, Mr.

Stuart, Mr. Dyfon, Kir. Townshend, Lord Beauchamp, /on, Mr. Butter, Mr. Mr. Ryder, Sir Thomas

Sir Mu'them Lamb, Mr. Bond, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Cave, Mr. Contis, Mr. Montagu, Mr Smith, Mr. Ky-Lutlrell, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Meltish, Mr. Neville, Lord naflon Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Archer, Mr.

George Sackville, Mr. Waller, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fitz- Mr. Drake, Mr. Lane, Mr. Parker, Mr.

herbert, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Cleveland, Mr. Sharpe, coijne, Sir Jarett Smith, Mr. Gilbert, Sir John Barring-Sir George Yonge, Mr. Wedderburn: And they are to ton, Mr. Mr. Edirtonstone, Mr. Mr.

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Fuller, Mr. Mr. Gray, Lord Catherlough, Sir

Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per- William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Lord Garlies,

fons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to Mr. Colleton, Mr. Price, Mr. Forrcjler, Mr. Ward, have Voices. Mr. OjbaldeJton? Lord and all the Members who

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, " Abltrafts of serve for the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, u the Rogifters of the Parish Poor, of and under Four Hereford, Salop, and Leicester: And they are to meet " Years of Age, from the ill Day of July 1762 to this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s " the 31st Day of December 1765," be referred to the Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per fons. Papers, said Committee. and Records.

g,pply Bill, Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Malt, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1767, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward^ delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Debe/ An ingroded Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

,ii Name. j0 enable Sir Thomas Delves, Baronet, and his Heirs

k Male, to take the Name of Broughton, was read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 50 die Decembris;

Anno 7 Georgii III'" Regis, x 766.

Pr AVERS.

Warwick A Pctlt'on of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, through lx. and other Inhabitants, of King’s Norton, in the ^"xoad*1011 County °* Worcester, and the Neighbourhood thereof, usually travelling the Road therein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners having been informed of an Application fora Bill to repair the Road from the Borough of JTar-toick, over Hockley Heath, in the County of Warwick, to and through King's Norton, to the upper End of GannozoGreat, in the Parish of Brom/grove, in the said County of Worcester; and so far as the said Parish extends, leading towards Bell Inn, in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County of Worce/er; whereby a commodious and safe Communication will be opened between the said Town of Warwick, to King’s Norton, aforesaid; and from thence to in the said

County of Worcejlera And therefore praying, lhat if any Petition is, or lha.ll be, presented to the House, for repairing, amending, or widening, the said Road, that the same may pass into an Act; and that, in and by the said Act, a Provision may be made for repairing and amending the said Road, to Inn aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Vol. 31.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to Supply Bill; His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, a,t» &c‘ and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1767, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass, and that the Title be, An Act for continuing and granting to His Mxt-jesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder,-and Perry, for the Service of the \'ear 1767.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informedrthat Mr. Tomkyns, front Account the Commissioners of the CUltoms, attended at the presented; Door; he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented tot , Catt,e. the House, pursuant to their Order, ’ imPorted‘

An Account of the Number of Cattle imported into England, from Ireland, since the ill Day of May 1759; dillinguilliing the several Sorts imported in each Year,' to the 10th of October 1766; which is as far as the said Account can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majeliv;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to w*y* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to an<1 Mmd5’ consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, l hat this Houie will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Embargo House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole onB^h0"t ’ House, upon the Bill for the better Protection and Se- pTO\ection. curity of all Persons who have acted in purfua’nce of, or in Obedience to, the late Order of Council, laying an Embargo on Wheat and Wheat-flour; and- lor discharging all Proceedings against any Persons for or upon Account of the said Embargo;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to ascertain the Charges and Damages sustained in consequence of the late Order of Council and Proclamation for prohibiting the Exportation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, by or on account of any Demurrage, or of any Injury or

L Expences,

38 5* — 8° Decembris. A. 1766.

Expences, occasioned by keeping the said Corn on board, or by loading or unloading the fame;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rcfumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re- port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next; Nine of the Clock.

Luna8°

Anno 7 Georgii III*U Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

Warwick 1i JtR. Henry Archer reported from the Committee, through 1VJL to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, JUadT00 Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of King’s Norton, in the County of Worcester, and the Neighbourhood thereof, usually travelling the Road therein after-mentioned, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Hammings and Mr. John , being examined, said, That the Road leading from the End of the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, to Bell Inn, in the said County, is become very ruinous, and Part very narrow; and that the same cannot be repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Iaw.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Wanvick, to King's Norton, and to the Upper End of Gannow Green ,* and to the End of the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, towards the Bell Inn, in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the Parish of Bromsgrove, to Bell Inn, in the Parish of BeU, Broughton aforesaid.

Beckman’s A Petition of Nicholas Francis Beckman, was pre-Nat. fented to the House, and read; praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Jarrit Smith and Mr. Sargent do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

New Street, Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, (Southwark) to whom Report was re-committed, which, upon Road. 1 Friday the 28th Day of November last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, assembled at a General Meeting for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the 22d Year of his late Majesty King George the Second^ for opening and making a new Road from the Halt End of New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future, had

been referred. That the Committee had further examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; And,

Mr. John Homeward, said, That the Trustees have

Eroceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have orrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof; that the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the Roads be kept in good Repair for the future, unlefe the Term of the said Act is enlarged, and the said Act be made more effectual.

That there are several other Roads branching out- of the said Road, which are in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be amended and kept in good Repair by the ordinary Course of Law.

Beriah Hill, Esquire, confirmed the aforegoing Evidence; and added. That the said Act is, in many Particulars, defective; and that it will be necessary to amend the fame, and to empower the Trustees to purchase Lands to open and turn the Course of the Roads in several Places.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 22d Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for opening and making a new Road from the East End of Nezv Street, in the Parish of John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future; and for repairing several other Roads adjoining the reto: And that Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Joseph Mawbey, and Mr. Onslow, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dehr*a’i to enable Sir Thomas Delves, Baronet, and his Heirs Nunc. Male, to take the Name of Brou, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Anthony Abdy, Sir Edward Bayntun, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Brand, Mr. Bootle, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lane, Sir Jarrit Smith,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Coven try, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Fonnereau,

Lord Carysfort, Mr. Onjloic, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr.

Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Townshend, Lord Frederick Campbell,

Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Ward, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Garth, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Gray, Sir Maiobey, Mr. Marlin, Lord North, Mr. Oswald, Mr.

Ellis, Mr. Dowdeswell., Mr. Waller, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Neville, Mr. , Mr.

Seymour, Sir Merrick Burrell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Pratt, Lord Orwell, Mr. OJbaldefton , and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Stafford,

wick, Leicester, and Salop: And they are to meet this AC. temoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing, altering, and amending Two Worcester Acts of Parliament, of the Twelfth of King George the Road*.

First, and of the Tenth of his late Majesty, for repair ing several Roads leading into the City of Worcester; and for amending several other Roads near or adjoining thereto; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dowdefivell, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Edmovjtone, Mr. 11 'alfh,

Mr. Boulton, Lord Howe , Mr. Onslow, Lord George Cavendish, Sir John Palmer, Lord Frederick

dish, Sir Brook Bridges, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Archer, Mr.

Fairfax, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Champion, Mr.

rice. Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Calvert, Sir William,

Maynard, Colonel Amherst, Mr. Boone, Mr.

Lord George Sackville, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr,

Barrow, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Townshend,

Mr. Lane, Admiral Holborne, Sir Herbert Lloyd,

Sir

8° Decsmbris.

7 Geo. III.

Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Lord John Caven-

dish, Mr. Burton, Lord Bolter/ Bertie, Sir George Colebrooke, Mr. CajSir Henry Bridgeman, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Bull, Sir John Griffin, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Toxonjhend, Mr. Jlopkins, Mr. Grey, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Ryder, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Burke, Mr. Brice, Mr. Cuf, Mr. Brand, Mr. Butler, Mr. Fuller, Sir William Baker, Mr. Dempsler and all the Members who serve for the Counties of IVvrcester, Gloucester, Oxford, Waricick, Hereford, and Salop: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have f Voices.

Bonington Lord Robert Bertie reported from the Comm ittee, to

Fen whom the Petition of the several Proprietors of Meffu-Inclosure, &g€Sf Cottages, and Toftsteads, in the Parish of Bonington, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names, are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had direeled him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Tri/lram Twell,being examined, said, That there are within the hud Parish several Open Fields and Meadows, containing, about One Thousand Acres, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and there are in the said Parish large Common Fens, and other Commonable Places, containing about Two Thousand Acres, which are frequently overflowed with Water, and are of but little Value to the Proprietors interested therein; but if the said Fields, Meadows, and Fens, were divided and inclosed, and the said Fens properly embanked and drained, the whole might be greatly ' improved to the Advantage of all the Parties interested therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, Common Fens; and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Donington, in the County of Lincoln, and for embanking and draining the said Fens and Commonable Places: And that Lord and Mr.

Lane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Brt-conshire Sir Herbert Lloyd reported from the Committee to Road*, whom the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Brecon, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Parish Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee,

Poor Infants; wj10 are appointed to inquire into the State of the ommittee parj|], poor Infants, under the Age of Four Years, Inquiry, within the Bills of Mortality; and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time tp Time, to the House; that they have Power to inquire into the State of the Parish Poor Infants, under the Age of Fourteen Years, or until they were respectively bound out Apprentices, within the Bills of Mortality; and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House.

Black Friars The House being informed that the Chamberlain of

Bruloe. VoL. 31.

39

the City of London, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of Money received and paid, in pur* fuance of the Act of Parliament for building a Bridge ocross the River Thames, from Black Friars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side, in the County of Surrey,' from the Fifth Day of July 1765 exclusive, to the Fifth Day of July 1766 inclusive: And also,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London, on the 5th Day of July 1766.

And then he withdrew.

And the-Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and

Mr. Anguish.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Importation for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat- ot Whe«t flour, from any Part of Europe, into this Kingdom, _from for a limited Time, free of Duty; without any Amend- urope* ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ditto for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat- ,rom flour, from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, into Amcnca* this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty; without Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Teylimren’i lor naturalizing Christiaan Van Teylingcn; without Nat* any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Stott dissolve the Marriage of John Stott, Esquire, with June Divorce. Stott; his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read; for the House to Sup r-y-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ' Ioufe, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedmfday the 21 ft Day of January next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ww

resolve itself into a.Committee of the whole House, to atu* Menu.

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon the

2 ill Day of Januaty next, resolve itself into the said

Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee of the Embargo whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Protec- on^jh^1* tion and Security of all I’ersons who lmve acted in pro^ion, pursuance of, or in Obedience to, the late Order of Council, laying an Embargo on Wheat and Wheat-flour; and for discharging all Proceedings against any Persons, for or upon account of the said Embargo; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered,

4o

8° — 9° De

A. 17

Ordered, That thfe Bill, with the Amenbments, de ingrofi'ed.

And then the House adjourned Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Marfisy 9 ° die Decembris; Anno 7* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1766. Prayers.

Haute Huntre

Fen

Jndofure.

Tiverton

Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conhderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it till Tomorrow shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ward, Lord Coleraine, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Stanley, Sir Herbert Lloyd, Mr. Grant,

Mr. DoSir Francis Vincent, Mr. Mr. Rajhout, Mr. Burke, Mr. Hervey, Sir Mr. Townshend, Sir Smith, Mr. Mr.

1navrice, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Mr. Hopkins,

Mr. 6V/?, Mr. Gascoync, Mr. Gore,' Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Mr. Ryder, Mr. Boone, Sir ward Mr. Mr. Calvert, Mr. Gray,

LORD Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, Mr. Darker, Mr. Mr. Price, Mr. Jack fun, Mr.

according to Order, a Bill for dividing and in- Kynaston, Mr. Mr. Montagu, Sir George

doling a certain Fen, called The Haute Huntre, Eight Colebrooke, Mr. Archer, Lord Mr.

Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain other Common- Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Lewis, Mr Mr.

able Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; Worcester, Stafford, Gloucester, Salop, and Hereford; and read the First Time. and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per- Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, to whom fons. Papers, and Records, the Bill to continue the Term, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 3 ill Year of his late Majesty, Sir Francis Vincent presented to the Ilonfe, accord- New Street, for amending several Roads leading from the Town of ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the T erm and Powers Tiverton, in the County of Devon;and for repairing granted by an Act, passed in the 22d Year of his late ' and widening the Road from Bickley Bridge Cross,over Majesty King George the Second, for opening and

Bickley Bridge, to the Sign of The Swan, in the Town making a new Road from the Last End of New Street, of Silverton; and also the Road from Bickley Wood in the Parish of to and through

Cross, to Ford Village Water, in the said County; was the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping

Eynftinm

aid

Bwynford

Bridge.

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout'; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wrere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Blackstone reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for building a Bridge across the River Thames, from Swynford, in the County of Berks, to Eynsham, in the County of Oxford, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the lloul'e.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Worcrfter A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Roads, others, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending in the House for continuing, altering, and amending Two Acts, of the Twelfth of King George the First, and of the Tenth of his late Majesty, lor repairing several Roads leading into the City of ter; and for amending, amongst several other Roads described in the said Bill, the Road from Knigh/ford's Bridge, to Redmarley; and that, if the Repairs of the said Road were carried on as far as a lioule in Redmarley, in the Possession of Mr. George Southall, it Would be of great Utility: And therelbre praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for extending the Repairs of the said Road to Mr. George Southall's House. ..

the said Road in Repair for the future; and for repairing several other Roads adjoining the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Jarrit Smith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Nicholas Francis Beck-man: And the same was received; and read the First lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enable Thomas Hotchkis, to take the Surname and Arms of Lit tier, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Littler,decealed, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr Kynaston, Mr. Pitt, Lord Mr.

Brudenell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Prescott, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Boone, Mr. Mr. Fonnereau,

Mr. Calvert, Mr. Edmonfonc, Mr. Mr.

Dyfon, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr HopkMr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Fuller, Mr Herxey, Mr. Wynn, Lord Palmerjlune, Lord Barrington, Air. 'Montagu, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Mr

Mr. Staunton, Mr. Wcdderburn, Mr. Air.

Champion, Mr. Ellis, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Darker, Mr. Harris, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Sandys, Lord lough. Air. Martin, Mr. Burke, Mr. Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Mackicorth, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Rydcj',

Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. WaAir. Nugent, Air.

Cujl, Mr. Onjloic, Colonel Bane, Air. and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of sex, Surrey, Kent, and Ef’exand for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Air. Cooper be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of William Stephens, Gentleman, Lord of the Miinor of Kencott, in the County oiO.tford, and a Proprietor of Lands there, the Reverend George Ujidenvood Rector of the Parish and Parish Church ut’Kencott aforesaid, and the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act \tp dilfoke the Marriage, of John Stott, El'quire, with

Jane Beckman's

Nat.

Hotchkis'

Name.

Kencott

✓Indofure.

Stott’s

Divorce.

Geo. III. o° Decembris,41

Jane Scoff, his now Wife, anti to enable him to many again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Firtl Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Warwick Mr. Henry Archer presented to the House, accord-through ing to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road. '0"’ from the Borough of Warwick, to , and to the upper End o f Gan now and to the

End of the Parish of in the County of

Woreejtcr,to the Bell Inn, in the Paritli of Bell Broughton, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the Firlt Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Den-bergh’s Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent be added to the Nit. Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, according to the Prayer of the Petition of Bit Hip Jacob Van Cloon, Baron of Lord

Rhynzcick, Grandfather of Van

an infautof the Age of Seven Years.

Shalltone A Petition of George Iluddlestone Indcsure. £f(jUj,.C} Lord of the Manor o in the County of Bucks, of Fiennes Tr Esquire, the Reverend Wright Unices, Clerk, Rector of the Parish Church of Shaljloncaforesaid, and of William was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Estates of the Petitioners in the said Manor and Parish, lie intermixed and dispersed', and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring' in a Bill for dividing and inclosing all the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of S'halftoneaforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, . pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl Verney and Mr. Edmund Burke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Kencotr Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Kencott,in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Denbergh’s Sir Francis Vincent presented to thel Ioufc, according

Nat* to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Crijloff'el Van

bergh, an Infant: And the same was received; and read the FirflTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Breconshire An ingossed Bill for repairing and widening several Roads. Roads in the County of Brecon, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be

made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 12. 1. 3. After " directed" to insert, to be " given."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pal’s: And that the Title be, an Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Brecon.

Ordered, That Sir Herbert Lloyd do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Bankrupts. Mr. Prefcottpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for the more equal and effectual Dittribu-tion of the Eliatos and Effects of Merchants, Bankers, Traders, Scriveners, Factors, or Brokers, deceased; and Vol. 31.

for the better Security of the Estates and Effects of such Persons, described as aforesaid, becoming Bankrupts in their Life-times: And the same was received; and read the FiHt Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House was moved, that an At;t, made in the First Justice* Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Eighteenth c*uo"’ " Year of the Reign of King George the Second, concerning the Qualification of Juliices of the Peace;

" and for other Purposes therein mentioned;" might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for obviating Doubts, which have arisen, w'ith respect to so much of the said Act as directs the taking of certain Oaths, by Justices of the Peace, on the issuing any new Commission of the Peace: And that Mr. Onslow and Mr. Fuller do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Protection and Se- Embargo curity*of all Persons who have acted in pursuance of, on Wheat; or in Obedience to, the late Order of Council, laying J?: an Embargo on Wheat and Wheat-flour; and fordij- rot ion’ charging all Proceedings against any Persons for or upon Account of the said Embargo, was read the Third

Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Public, in advising or carrying into Execution the Order of Council, of the 26th Day of September last, for laying an Embargo on all Ships laden with Wheat, or Wheat-flour; and for preventing Suits in Consequence of the said Embargo.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Conway do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House High Price to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Corn, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Onjloioaccordingly reported from the said Committee* the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Liberty be given to import Oats and Oat-meal,

Rye and Rye-meal, into Great Britain, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Ofioald, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Garth, Mr. Grant,

Mr Cranfurd, and Mr. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Onjlowalfo acquainted the House, that he was

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the 21 (I Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

M A Message

t

Ljocwie

Agaffiz1

and

Schutze’s

Nat.

Ditto.

East India Company.

42 9° — 10 0 Decem17

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Lewis Agajjiz and John Samuel Schulze; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 7. leave out " and."

1. 10. after " Saxony" insert " Philip David "Krauter, Doctor in Divinity, Son of " Philip David and Maria

" colina his Wife, born at Aug/burg in " Suabia in Germany; Joshua ment, Son of Francis Anthony " ment, and Beatrix his Wife, born at " Neufchatel in

" nand de Mierre, Son of Augustin de " Mierre and Dianna his Wife, born at " Joerden, in the Canton of Bern, in " Szvitzerland; and Christian Godfrey " Klein, Son of Christian Klein by " Christiana his Wife, born at " berg in Germa

1. ax. leave out "and."

22. after " Schutze" insert " Philip David " Krauter, Joshua Rougement, Firdinand de Mierre, and Christian Godfrey Klein."

34. leave out " and."

35. after " Schulze" insert " Philip David " Krauter, Joshua Rougement,

nand de Mierre, and Christian " Srey Klein."

Pr. 2.1.32. leave out " and."

33. after " Schutze" insert " Philip David ," Krauter, Joshua Rougement, Ferdinand de Mierre, and Christian " frey Klein."

Pr. 3.1. 2. leave out " and."

3. after " Schutze" insert " Philip David " Krauter, Jofiua Rougement,

" nand de Mierre, and Christian " frey Klein."

In the Title of the Bill, leave out and, " and after " Schutze" add " Philip David Krauter, Joshua " Rougement, Ferdinand de , and Christian

" Godfrey Klein."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Jarrit Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Charter granted to the East India Company in the Year 1758;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Three Months;

'The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for he Yeas, 5«.

Tellers for.he Noe, {.} ,40. So it passed in the Negative.

14

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That there be laid bolbrc this ITouie, a Copy of the Charter granted to the India Company in the Year 1758.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

Copies of all Treaties with, and Grants from, any of the Country Powers in India, from the Year 17 -/) to the Year 1766, both Years inclusive, together with all Letters, or Extracts of Letters, or Correspondence, between the Fuji India Company, and their Officers or Servants in India, relative thereto.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a State of the Revenue in Bengal, Bahar, and or

ell'ewhere in India, according to the belt Accounts before and since the Grants of the Deicannees.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Expences incurred by Government, on Account of the East India Company, from the Year 1756 to the Year 1766; both Years inclusive; diltin-guishing each Year.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Ditto, His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House a Copy of the Petition of the East India Company to his late Majesty, in the Y'ear 1757, together with Copies of the Opinions of His Majesty’s Advocate General, Attorney General, and Solicitor General, thereupon.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday the Ditto. 22d Day ofjanuarij next, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

Resolved, That this House will, upon the 2lit Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the present high Price of Provisions.

High Price of Provisions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 10° die Decembris;

Anno 7° Georgii IIIU1 Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to writ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bristol, in the room of the Right honourable Robert Nugent, who, lince his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office ot First Commissioner for Trade and Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Aberdeen, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new YVrit for the &c-

Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Par- "rlt*

liament for the District of Burghs of Aberdeen, trofe, Brechin, Aberbrothock, and Inverbervie, in the room of David Scott, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Southampton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new YVrit for Writ, the Ejecting of a Burgels to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable Hans Stanley, who, since his Election

for

7 Geo. III. 10° — i 2° — 130 43

for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of Cofferer Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of His Majesty’s Houshold. ' Account of the Quantity of Wool exported, or carried or^re

Coastwise, from any Port, within Great Britain or Ire- 00 ’ Tit'erton An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and render land, from the ift Day of 1763 to the iftDay

Roads, more effectual, an Act passed in the 31st Year of his late 1766; distinguishing the Time when the

Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Ship or Vessel on board which, and the Quantity, at Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon; and for each Time, flopped to be exported or carried Coaltwife, repairing and widening the Road from Bickley Bridge and from what Port or Place the same w as entered for Cross, over Bicklei/ Bridge,to the Sign of The Swan, in Importation, the Town of Silverton; and also the Road from Bickley

Wood Cross, to Ford Tillage Water, mthe said County; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto,

was read the Third Time. Account of the Quantity of Wool imported into any

Resolved, That the Bill to pass: And that the Title Port within or from the iftDay

be, An Act to continue the Term, and render more of January 1763 to the iftDay of 17 66;dil-

effectual, an Act, passed in the 31st Year of his late tinguifiiing the Time when, the Ship or Vessel on board Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the which, and the Quantity at each Time imported, and Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon ;and for from what Port or Place the same was entered for repairing and widening the Road from Bickley Bridge Exportation.

' Cross, over Bickley Bridge, to the Sign of The Swan, in

the Town of Silverton; and also t he Road from Bickley An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge cross the Eynfham Wood Cross, to Ford VillageWater,in the said County. River Thames from Swynford in the County of Berks, and Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the to Eynfham, in the County of Oxford, was read the Swynford Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Third Time. n

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Broioning and he, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames,

Mr. Anguish: from Swynford, in the County of Berks, to Eynfham,

Mr. Speaker, in the County of Oxford.

Supply Bill, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled; An Ordered, That Mr. Chauncy Tozvnfend do carry the

Malt, &c. Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty, cer- Pill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred A Bill for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oats, &c. and Sixty-seven, without any Amendment. Oatmeal, Rye and Rye-meal, into this Kingdom, for a Importation.

And then the Messengers withdrew. Time to be limited, free of Duty, was read a Second

Time.

Oats, kc. Lord Frederick Campbell presented to the House, Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Importation. a^ing to Order, a Bill for allowing the Importation Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of Oats and Oat-meal, Rye and Rye-meal, into this of the whole House.

Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, fl ee of Duty: And Resolved, That this House w ill. Tomorrow Morning, the same was received; and read the l'irllTime. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 12° Decembris;

Anno 70 Georgii III'" Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

Stanwell A Petition of the Lord of the Manors of Inclosure. and Ilemonds, alias Shepcotts, in the County of

Middlesex, the Impropriators of the Great Tythes, and the Vicar of the Parish of Stan within the said 1 Manor, and of the moil considerable Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the same Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Manor and Parish, several large Open Arable Fields, and Meadow Grounds, wherein the Properties of the Petitioners, and others, lie greatly intermixed; and that if the said Fields and Meadow Grounds, and also the Commons, Moors, and Wafie Lands, within the said Parish, which are like wile very extensive, were inclosed and divided into specific Allotments, it would be of Advantage to all Persons interested therein; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Kir. Burrell and Mr. Coventry do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Voi.. 31.

Sabbat iy 130 die Decembris;

Anno 70 Georgii III1" Regis, 1766,

Prayers.

A Petition of Thomas Eficourt Creflicell, Esquire, and Bibury Ejlcourt Creflicell, Esquire, his Son and Heir ap- Inclosure. parent. Lords of the Manors of Bibury Ofney, and Bibury Northumberland\ in the County of Gloucester, and the Hamlet of Arlington, in the said Parish of Bibury, the Reverend William Somerville, Clerk, Vicar of the said Parish of Bibury, and of several Freeholders, Lease-holders, and Copyholders, of and in the said Manors, and other Owners and Proprietors of Lands, lying dil-perfect, in the Common Fields, and Commonable Places, of and in Bibury, and the Hamlet of Arlington aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and other Owners and Proprietors of Lauds in the said Common Fields and Commonable Places; was presented to the House, and read $ Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manors and Parish, several Common Fields and Commonable Places, which in their present Situation are incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were inclosed and divided into specific Allotments, it would be a great Advantage to the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill xor dividing and

.____ inclosing

44

13° — 15° Decembris.

A. 17 66.

inclosing the said Common fields, and Commonable Places, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered^That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Paterfonand Mr. Cooper do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Kencott A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Inclosure. Fields, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Kencott, in the County of , was read a Second

Time.

Refelved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. , Mr

Mr. Shifsher, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fonnereau, Lord Grey, Mr. OnflozC, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Grey, Mr. Ward, Mr. Gore, Mr. Garth, Mr. Mr.

Bootle, Mr. Grant, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr.

Wynn, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Montagu,

Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Meyrick, Lord Mount Stuart, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Lord Coleraine, §\vjarrit Smith, Sir Sir JoJ'eph

Maicbey, Mr. Bacon, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Sir John Palmer, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Houblon; and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Berks, Bucks, Surrey, Southampton, Wilts, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Worcester Mr. Dowdcficcll reported from the Committee, to

Roads, whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, in the County of was referred.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Giles said. That the Road leading into Red Marley, so far as to a House in the Pofi'eflion of Mr. George Southall, in Red Marley, is in a ruinous Condition; and cannot be effectually amended, jvidened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing, altering, and amending Two A his of Parliament, of the Twelfth of King George the First, and of the Tenth of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Worcester;and for amending several other Roads

near or adjoining thereto; is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for continuing the Repairs of the Road, from Knigh/sford Bridge to Red Marley, so far as to a certain House in Red Marley, in the Possession of Mr. George Southall.

whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oat-meal, llye and Rye-meal, into this Kingdom, for aTime to be limited, free of Duty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord Frederick Campbell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the lloufc will plealc to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Lord Frederick Campbell accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Dunce, 150 die Decembris,

Anno 70 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1766.

Pr

AVERS.

A

N ingrossed Bill for obviating Doiibts, which

Justices of the Peace

Mr. Onslow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for obviating Doubts, which have arisen Qualification. w'hh respect to so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty, intituled,

"An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Eighteenth " Year of the Reign of King George the Second, concerning the Qualification of Justices of the Peace; " and for other Purposes therein mentionedas directs the taking of certain Oaths, by Justices of the Peace, on the ilfuing any new Commission of the Peace: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rcfolrcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Oats, &c. The Order of the Day being read;

Importation. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

have arisen with respect to so much of an Act, Qf ,^c made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Quaiiflcjuso. jesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the lleign of King George " the Second, concerning the Qualification of Justices " of the Peace; and fur other Purposes therein mentioned;" as directs the taking of certain Oaths by Justices of the Peace, on the ilfuing any new Commission of the Peace, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for obviating Doubts, which have arisen with respect to so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Eighteenth " Year of the Reign of King George the Second, concerning the Qualification of Justices of the' Peace;

" and for other Purposes therein mentioned;" as directs the taking of certain Oaths by Justices of the Peace, on the ilfuing any new Commission of the Peace.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing the Importation of Oats,&c. Oats and Oat-meaJ, Rye and Rye-meal, into this King- fmPortati<"1, dom, for a Time to he limited, free of Duty, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oat-meal, Rye and Rye-meal, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ws

Ha

The House being informed, that Mr. Wc/kelt, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of aii Act of Par

A Paper,

African

Company.

U

7 Geo. III. 15 — 160

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1765: The Account of " the Committee of the Company of Merchants trad " ing to Africa; distinguishing every Article of Ex " pence under its proper Title."

And then he withdrew'.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to he perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Marti16° die Decembris;

Anno 7° Georgii Iiru Regis, 1776.

Prayers,

Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and

Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

Embargo The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ’ ^or Indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Projection. ^erv'ce of the Public, in advising, or carrying into Execution, the Order of Council of the Twenty-sixth Day of September last, for laying an Embargo on all Ships laden with Wheat or Wheat-flour; and for preventing Suits in consequence of the said Embargo; without any Amendment: And also,

Breconthire The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act;

Road*. for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Brecon, without any Amendment: And also.

Oat*, Stc. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act; Importation. for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oat-meal, Rye and Rye-meal, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty, without any Amendment: And also,

Justices The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act of the Peace for obviating Doubts, which have arisen, with respect <*ali6auoa- to so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " amend an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the " Reign of King George the Second, concerning the "Qualification of Justices of the Peace: and for other " Purposes therein mentioned;" as directs the taking of certain Oaths, by Justices of the Peace, on the issuing of any new Commission of the Peace; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Decembris. 45

King George the Second, for opening and making a new Road From the East End of New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future; and for repairing several other Roads adjoining thereto; was read a Second Time.

Iiefolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Jackson, Mr. On/oiv, Mr. Darker, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gore, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Shiftier,

Mr. Touchet, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Wynn,

Mr. Parker, Mr. Burrell, Mr. R Mr.

Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Montagu, Mr. IVau-

dio pe, Mr. Boulton, hord Mount Stewart, Mr.

Mr. Morton, Mr. Paterson, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Robert

Ladbroke, Mr. Bootle, Lord Cary fort, Mr. Tucker,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Wedderbum, Mr.

Mackworlh, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Roger Newdigate,

Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Barrow; and all ’ the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey,

Kent, Essex, Suffer, and Middlesex, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Dover the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parlia- . nient for the Town and Port of Dover, in the County of Kent, in the room of the Right honourable John Campbell, commonly called Marquis of Lome, now Lord Sundridge, Baron Sundridge, of Combe Batik, in the County of Kent, called up to the House of Peers.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act; Stott’* to diffolve the Marriage of John Stott, Esquire, with Divorce, Jane Stott, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday the

27 th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine W’it-nesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill; if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjournment House this Day, adjourn till Friday the 16th Day of January next.

leva

Writ.

Boston

Writ.

'Jfew Street &c. (Southwark) Road*,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgels to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lewes, in the County of Suffer, in the room of Thomas Sergifon, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, in the room of John Michell, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough o { Appleby,in the County of Wefi-

nwreland, in the room of John Stamcir, Esquire, deceased.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the aid Year of his late Majesty

Vol. 31. ..

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House, Priwte upon Friday the 16th Day of January next, to proceed Bufiueft. upon any private Bufuiefe, after Two of the Clock.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Royal Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had "been at the House of Peers, where a Commission, under the Great Seal, was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent, to several public and private Bills therein men-

N tioned;

Mir?"-

46

i6b Decembris — 16° januariu A. 1767.

Veneris% 16° die Januarii;

Anno 7* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1767.

tioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of

{Canterbury,the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain,

the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Rills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain;and the Earl of Huntingdon, Prayers.

the Earl of Yard;mon^ and the Earl of Pr//?o/, named rpHE House being moved, in pursuance of the Pri*ate also in the said Comm, ffion 5 did accordingly declare I order of the 16th Day of last, Bufi (*.

and notify the Royal Aflfent to the said Bills: Which Leave be given to move the House this Day, that

Bills are as followeth; viz. any private Buimefs might be entered upon, in the

House, this Day, after Two of the Clock,

OrThat any private Business may be entered upon, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-seven:

An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted, for the Service of the Public, in advising, or carrying into Execution, the Order of Council, of the Twenty-frxth Day of September last, for laying an Embargo on all Ships, laden with Wheat or Wheat-flpar , and for preventing Suits in consequence of the said Embargo:

An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Bif-cuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of low Wines, and Spirits, from Wheat and Wheat-flour:

An Act to continue an Act, made, in the Fifth Year, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled; An AftJ far Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time:.

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties, in the British Colonies and Planta-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Somrrfct the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wnt* the of Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in the

room of Thomas Proufe, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Roxburgh the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Commissioner to lerve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Roxburgh, in the room of the Right honourable Sir Gilbert Baronet, who,

since his Ekftion for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Keeper, of the Signet for Scotland.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Occupiers of Lands Woreefftr in the County of and divers principal In-

_ habitants, of the City of and the Suburbs,

tions, granted by several Acts of Parliament; and also whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road -of Parliament upon certain East India Goods exported leading from the said City, through urnpike,

from Great Britain, and for granting other Duties over Wood Green, to and . from thence

instead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulat- Bromsgroand also the Road leading from Lofemorc ing, and securing, several Branches of thel rade of this Turnpike, over Black Pool Green, to , and from

Kingdom, and the British Dominions in America; as thence to Droitwich; is very deep and ruinous, and can-relates to the Exportation of Non-enumerated Goods ^ot be widened, and effectually repaired, by the Laws from the British Colonies in America: in being; and that the Petitioners, in going with I lorfes

An Act for allowing, the Importation of Wheat and and Carriages upon the above-mentioned Roads, are-Wheat-flour, from His Majesty’s Colonies in America,fabjeft to the Tolls, collected by the Authority of the into thisKingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty: Worcester Road Acts, at Lofemore Turnpike aforesaid,

An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat and though they have not, the Benefit of the said Turnpike-Wheat-flour, from any Part of Europe, into this King- Road above Fourscore Yards; and that the Petitioners dom, for a limited Time, free of Duty: are informed, that Application has been made for a

An Act for allowing the Importation of Oats and further Enlargement of the Terra, and for the amerid-Oatmeal, Rye and Rye-meal, into this Kingdom, for a ing and repairing divers other Roads: And therefore limited Time, free of Duty: _ . praying, That the said Roads may be included witl*

An Act for obviating Doubts, which have arisen, the Roads proposed to be comprized in the next en-. with respect to so much of an Act, made in the First larged Term; and be subject to the Powers and Au-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, tliorities veiled intheTrustees, to be thereby appointed " An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Eighteenth or continued, and in such Sort and Manner as the said

other Roads, in the renewed Act, shall be rendered liable. '

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as ifc shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Paterson,

Mr. Cooke, Mf. Bindley, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Lord Coleraine, Lord Clare, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

Wal/Ii, Mr. Gore, Mr. Prescott, Lord Panmure, Mr.

Dison, Mr. Holt, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Mr. Jackson,

Mr. Filzherbert, Sir Charles Saundcrsf Mr. in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify themselves; Jtone, Mr. Campbell, Sir Ellis Mr. Toumfhend,

for the Enjoyment of the said Offices: Mr. Fane, Mr. Thurlew, Mr. fonnercau, Mr. Harris, x

' An Act for naturalizing Mary Anne AmelieBurrowes:.Sir Piercy. Brett, Lord Catherlough, Sir

An Act for naturalizing Chrifliaan Van Teylingen: napy, Mr. Skiffner, General Bofcawen, Lord George

An Act so^naturalizing Laois Agajftz, John Samuel Sackville, Mr. Way, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr.'

Schutzer Philip David Krauter, Joshua, Rougement, Chanc^llorof the Exchequer, bocdThomondjMr. Cteve-Ferdinand De Mierre, and Chri/iian Godfrey Klein. land; and all the Members who serve for the Counties*1

'of Worcester, and Salop: And they are to

And then the House adjourned till Friday the 16th meet this Afternoon, at Fine'of the Clock, in the J Day of January next. Nine of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber; and hate Power to fend’for Per- )

Morning. fons, Papers, and Records. , ..

17 A Petition:

" Year of the Reign of King George the Second, con-' cerning the Qualification of Justices of the Peace; apd " for other Purposes therein mentioned;" as directs the taking of certain Oaths by Justices of the Peace, on the bluing of any new Commission of the Peace:

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, in the County of Brecon;

An Act to enable the Right honourable Oswald,

the Right honourable James. Grenville, and the Right honourable Isaac Bar re, to take, in Great the

Oath of Office, asVice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues,

7 Geo. III. i6 Januarti. 47

Valltravws’s A Petition of John Rodolph Valltravers, was pre* for repairing the Roads in the Parities of

fented to the House, and read; praying. That Leave and Fulham, and other Pferidies therein men*

may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization, fora Bill to continue the Term, and alter and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, enlarge the Powers, of the said and for lighting

according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that watching, and watering, the said Roads: And repre- Mr. Shifher and Mr. Ruftout do prepare, and bring in, fenting to the House, that the said Road, under the the lame. Ciart and Management of these Petitioners, is only

about One Mile and an Half in Length, and joins to

% Kmfington, A Petition offeveral of the Trust'eqsr appointed to one of the Roads directed to be repaired by the l;ift men-

&c. put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, passed m tioned Acts; and that, the Petitioners apprehend, if the

Roads, the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Tolls and Powers granted by the said Acts, for repairing

First, and the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late the Road m Fulham, to the Great Road near the

Majesty, for repairing the Roads hr the Phrishes of Pound at were granted to Trustees

Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes for repairing the Roads in the Parishes o therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex-, and and Fulham, before mentioned; the Intention

1 for repairing some other Roads in the Parish of Saint of the said first mentioned Acts would be more effectually

George, Hanover Square, and the said Parishes of Ke- answered; and that the lighting, watching, and water-sington and Chelsea, whose Names are thereunto sub- ing, the said Roads, will be a Safety, Security, end Con-Icrrbed; was presented to the House, and read; Set- venienee, to all Pterions travelling the some: And there-ting forth, That the said Trustees have, from Time to fore praying. That Provision may be made, in the said Time, proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and Bill, for continuing the Term, and altering and en-have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon tly? larging the Powers, of the said Acts, for repairing the Credit thereof; but find the said Roads cannot be efi Read from the Town of Fulham, to the Great Road feSlually repaired, and the Money now owing be repaid; near the Pound at Hammersmith; and for fightings

uni efsthe Term granted by the said Acts is further watching, and watering, the said Road; and for grant* continued, and the Powers thereof are altered and en- the Tdlls and Powers, granted by the said Acts to larged; and that, by reason of the Contiguity of the said the Petitioners, to the Trustees, to be appointed by the Roads to the Cities of London and Westminster, Rob- said Bill, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, beries. Outrages, and Violences, are frequently com- 89 to the House shall seem meet, mitted thereon; which, the Petitioners apprehend. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the might be in a great Measure prevented, if the said Roads ConfidOration of the Committee, to whom the last pro-were properly lighted and watched in the Night Time; ceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine and it would be a great Convenience to all Persons the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it travelling the said Roads, in the Summer Season, if the shall appear to them, to the House. said Roads were properly watered: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to con- A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of fifing tinue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers,of the the Parish of Ealing, in the County was

laid A<5ls; and for lighting, watching, and watering, the presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem the Highways within the said Parish are of great Extent, meet. and in a ruindus Condition, and in many Parts thereof

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the narrow; and that the Petitioners find the said Higft-

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- ways cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and ren-I amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it dered commodious for Passengers, by the present Me-

shall appear to them, to the House: thods provided by Law; and are therefore willing and

And it is referred to Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, desirous, that a Rate may be laid upon themselves, and 7 '* Mr. Shifner, Mr. Cooke, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Touched,the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, for that

Mr. Bindley, Mr. Waljh, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Pringle, Purpose; and that Part of the said Highways is Part of Lord Coleraine, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Campbell, Lord Clare, the Great Western Road; and extending from the

Mr.Totimfiicnd, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Harris, Mr. Tucker, ner of the Road turning towards along the

Mr. Ryder, Mr. Fminereau, Lord North, Mr. Lane, Mr. Street in Old Brentford, to the Coi ner of a Street known Pitt, Lord Brorcnlow Bertie, Lord Bateman, Sir Charles by the Name of The Haf; and it would tend Tynte, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Byde, Mr. greatly to the Security and Preservation of the Inhabi-Bootle, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Jackson, Mr. tants of the said Street, and all Persons travelling the Prescott, Mr. Ridley ;and all the Members who serve fold Road, if the said Street was properly lighted in the for the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Bucks, Berks, Night June: And therefore praying. That Leave and Hertford,-and for the City of London: And be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, anf they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, rendering commodious, the said Highways, and for light-in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend ing the said Street, by such Ways and Means, and in for Persons, Papers, and Records. such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to t^p Ditto. A Petition of several of the Trustees-appointed to put Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-, in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the !amfne the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it - '

Fourth and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of his late -shall appear to them, to the House:

Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the TmVti ' And it is referred to

«ffulham,in the County of Middlesex, through Fulham Mr. Calvert, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Sargent, Mr.

Fields, to the great Road near the -Pound at Hamtner- Fitzherbert-, Sir John Gibbons, Lord North, Mr. Dyfon, smith,in the said County; was presented to the House, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Abercromby, Mr. Toronfiiend, Mr. Larue, and read; Setting forth. That the said Trustees have, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Harris, Mr. Montagu, Sir William from Time to Time, proceeded in the Execution of the Oioen, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Jackson, MV. laid Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Pringle, Lord Bertie, Sir John Wynn, Sir

Money upon the Credit thereof; but find the said Road Joseph Merwbey, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Biack-catandt be effectually repaired, and the Money now Whitworth, Mr. Gilbert, LordCarysford, Mr.

owing be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Onjlmo, Mr. Kynajt&n, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Cufi, Sir Charts ’Acts is further continued, and thd Powers thereof are Saunders, Lord Catherlough, Lord Mr. San-

altered-and enlarged; and that the Petitioners are in- dys. Sir Charles Tynte, Mr. Shifner, Mr. Paterjbn, Mr.

formed, that. Application- »-intended to be made, by Guljton, Mr; Syde-, and all the Members who serve for the he Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts Counties Surrey, Kent, Bucks, Berks, and

Vol. 31. Hert-

Hedon

Ro*d.

Meyer*’

Kat.

Counter*-

bridge,

tic.

Roads.

48

1 6° — 20°

A. 1767;

Hertford; and for the City of And they are

to meet this Afternoon,.at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power-to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution

A Petition of divers Proprietors of I and in the Open Arthur* onh and Common Fields, in the Pariili of in nc UWk

the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read Setting forth. That the Property of the Petitioners; in the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed, and are, in their present Situation, in-

cut Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighteenth Year of capable of any-considerable Improvement; and that, his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be a Sacred Gate, on the South East Side of the Town of . great Advantage to the Petitioners: And therefore lledon, in the East Riding of the County of York, :praying; That Leave.may be given to bring in a Bill through the said Town, to Hull North Bridge, whose for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, by Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the such Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees ap- House tliall stem meet.

pointed by the said Act have borrowed several Sums of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Money upon the Credit thereof; and there now re«- pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

mains due the Sum of Three thoul’and Two hundred Pounds, which has been applied towards the repairing and amending the said Road; and the same cannot be repaid, nor the said Road be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be further continued and enlarged; and that the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road from the Turnpike Bar in Wyton erected by virtue of

Mr. Paterson and Mr. Jackson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and render more effectual, the said Act, through the Townships of Wyton and an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of his late Ma-Sproately, in the said East Riding, to the Guide Pojt in jesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Flinton Lane, near Humbleton Moor House, in the same Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon; and for Riding, is very, ruinous, and many Parts thereof are, repairing and widening the Road from Bickley Bridge in Winter and wet Seasons, dangerous to Pallengers; Cro/s, over Bridge, to the Sign of the Swan,

and cannot be sufficiently amended, and kept in Re- in the Town of Silverton; and also the Road from pair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore Bickley Wood to Ford Village Water, in the said praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill County; without any Amendment.

for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act; and for repairing the said other Road; in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Saunders, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Prescott, Mr.

Lane, Mr. Toumjhend, Admiral Keppel, Mr. W.aljh, Sir William Beauchamp ProQor, Sir Piercy Brett, Lord

George Cavendish, Mr. Nejbitt, Mr. SargentKLord John

Cavendish, Sir JosephMaicbey, Mr. Burrell, Lord North,

Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Whately, Mr. Thur-

low, AdmiralHolbome, Mr. Toumjhend, Mr. Campbell, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-

Mr. Tucker, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Bindley, rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gore, Mr. Luther;and all the Mem- Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve berjs who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Nor- in this present Parliament for the County of Sussex, in thumberland, Weflmorland, Cumberland, and Lancaster: the room of John Butler, Esquire, deceased.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the

Mortis,200 die Januarii;

Anno 7* Georgii Hlcii Regis, 1767. Prayers.

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Leonard Meyer, was presented to the House, and read; praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Prescott and Mr. Nejbitt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the Second Day of December last, for referring the Petition of fe-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex, in the Room of the Right honourable George Henry Lennox, commonly called Lord George Henry Lennox, who, fmce his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham,in the County of Buckingham.

Mr. Shi finer presented to the House, according to

Ti*crto«

Road*.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Sussex

Writ.

Chicbeftcf

Writ.

And the same was received; and read the First Time-Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

veral of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Rodolph Valltravers: Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Third and Tenth 1 ~--J J *1-- 'r:

Years of the Reign of King George the First, and another in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that Part of ' Counterjbridge, which lies in the Parish of Ketifington,

in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns . of Brentford and Hounslow, to the Poiyder Mills, in the Road to Stainesand to Cranford Bridge, in the said

r5>

an

A Bill for naturalizing Chrifioffel Van-Den-bert Infant, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Oswald, Mr. Edmovstone, Mr. Mr. Dyfon,

Valltra»m'

Nat.

Den-bewli

Nit.

County, in the Road to Colnbrooke, whose Names are Mr. Sandys, Mr. Byde, Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Waljh, Lord. thereunto subscribed, to the Consideration of a Com- Robert Bertie, Mr. Ashbumham, Mr. Dempfier,%irHenry mittee, be discharged. Bridgeman, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Lord

Ordered, That the said Petition be withdrawn. Colonel lime, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Whately, Lord

Mr-

7 Geo. III. ao° 49

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Morant, Mr. Dotvdefntell, to it require much to be opened, in order to render the Mr. Pratt, Mr. Holt, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Martin, Mr. Town more commodious; and that a Shore or Haven Wynn, Mr. Lane, Mr. Lewis, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Mailer, with proper Powers to regulate the loading Burrell, Mr. Darker, Mr. Gore, Mr. Worjley, M r. liar- and unloading Ships in the said Harbour, is also greatly ris, Mr. Cou/ts, Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir Joseph wanted; but the said Town has not any Fund for the Mawbey, Mr. Wood, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Wauchope, Mr. ' Execution of any Works of public Utility: And there-Grosvenor:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at fore praying a Renewal of the Act for the Duty of Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth ofa Penny Sterling, on

each Pint of Ale or Beer brought in, brewed, vended, Hotchkii’ Mi-. Shiffner reported from the Committee, to whom tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Bor-Name, the Bill to enable Thomas Hotchkis, to take the Sur- for such a Number of Years as to the'

name and Arms of Littler, pursuant to the Will of House shall seem meet.

Thomas Littler, deceased, was committed. That the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-and found the same to be true; and that the Com- amine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several shall appear to them, to the House:

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him And it is referred to Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Bacon, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Robinson,

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,with the Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Grosvenor, Sir George Yonge, Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 1 able: Where the Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Mr.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Mr. Mr. Mr.;

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Mr. Harvey, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Norris, Mr. severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Mr. Gore, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Ordered, Tina the Bill, with the Amendments, be Grant, Mr. Ryder, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. ingroired. Lewis, Sir Fletcher Norton, Mr. Lord

Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Whiljhed, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Worjley,

Sandford A Petition of Thomas Parsons and William Taylor, Mr. Burgoyne, Mr. Montagu, Sir William Beauchamp Jndoiure. Impropriators of Five Sixth Parts of the Great Tythes Proctor, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Harris, Mr. Mr.

of the.Parish of Sandford, in the County of Oxford, Staunton, "Mr. Smith, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Brudenell, Air. and Owners of Lands and Groiuids within the said Pa- Bindley j and all the Members who serve for North riHi, and the Reverend John Blake, Vicar of the Parish Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of Sandford aforesaid, was presented to the House, and of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Paridi, several Open Common Fields, and Commonable

Lands, which are of small Advantage to the Proprietors; A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Cofgrave, in

and, in their present Situation, incapable of Improve- the County of Northampton, and of the Rector Incum- inclosure# ment; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, bent of the Parish Church there, and of the several Free-and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Pro- holders. Owners, and Proprietors of Lands, Commons, prietors, it would be a considerable Improvement to and Elia in the Open and Common Field their respective Estates: And therefore praying. That grave, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was pre-Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing Tented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the and dividing the said Common Fields, and Common- Petitioners are seised or possessed of several Freehold able Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regula- Eltates, and other Properties, in the said Open and tions, as to the House shall seem meet. Common Field, (exclusive of Kenfon Field and Broionf-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, wood Green) in the said Parish of Cofgrave which lie pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that intermixed anddifperfed over the whole Field, in small Sir James Dafm ood and Sir William Beauchamp Proctor Parcels, and are incapable of Improvement in their do prepare, and bring in, the fame. present Situation: And therefore praying. That Leave

may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosijig Borrow- A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town the said Open and Common Field of Cofgrave aforesaid ftouness an(j Papiflj of Borrowjlouness, in the County of Uvlith- (exclusive of BrownJwood Green and in the

1«TeS 8mv> North Britain, was presented to the House, and laid Parish of Cofgrave, according to each Person's read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Right in the fame, as to the House shall seem meet.

17th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, a Duty of Two Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Pen n ies -Scots was imposed on every Pint of Ale or Beer, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that brewed or vended within the said Town, during the Mr. Anthony Bacon and Mr. Shiffner do prepare, and Term of Twenty-live Years; which Duty was to be bring in, the fame. v applied in repairing and improving the Harbour of

the said Town; and that great Progress has been made Mr. Treasurer reported so the House, That their East India therein, by which, not only all the Money that hath Address of the <)th of December Jaft, that his Majesty Company# already arisen from said Duty hath been expended, would be gracioudy pleased to give Directions, that but a considerable Debt hath been contracted, info- there be laid before this House a Copy of the Petition much, that all the Produce of laid Duty, during the of the East India Company to his late Majesty, in the Continuance of the present Act, will not be sufficient Year 1757, together with Copies of the Opinions of to pay off the said Debt, and render the Harbour safe His Majesty’s Advocate General, Attorney General* and commodious; and that there are extensive Coal and and Solicitor General, thereupon, had been presented Salt Works carried on very near the said Town, which to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded are a great Advantage to its Trade; but several addi- him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directional Engines lately erected, necessary for carrying on tions accordingly, the said Works, have, within these Three Years, entirely

drained every Spring Well of W ater in the Town, and A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- fcnlingtoii,

a ,fresh Supply mult be brought from a considerable unto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Parish of Kensington,

Distance, and at a great Expence, there being at pre- in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, &Md»« sent no Water in the Town, except what comes from and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are the Coal Level, which is bad; and that the Streets of informed. Application is intended to be made, by the the said Town wapt great Repair, and the Avenues Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two A^ts for Vol.31, O repairing

Counters*

bridge,

&c.

Roads.

50

ao* Januarii.

A. 1767.

repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chel- prescribed by Law; and that several of the Towns and sea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, Villages through which the said Roads extend are ex-

for a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge tremely narrow, and thereby Accidents frequently hap-the Powers of the said Act; and for lighting, watching, pen in the Night Time, which, the Petitioners appre-And watering, the said Roads; and that the said Truf- hend, may be, in a great Measure, prevented, if the tees (apprehending that the Powers, granted by the said Roads were properly lighted in the Night Timet said Acts, did not extend to the repairing the Street and it would be a great Convenience to all Persons And Highway from the Palace Gate to the House travelling the said Roads in the Summer Seal'on, if known by the Sign of The Coach and Horses,in Ken- the said Roads were properly watered: And therefore fington aforesaid, which is Part of the great Western praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill Road) have not repaired any Part thereof; and that for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Street and Highway, and Foot Paths thereto the said Acts; for erecting a Bridge at the said Place,

Adjoining, are in a very ruinous Condition, and incommodious to Passengers; and that it would be of public Advantage if the said Street and Highways, and the Courts and Alleys thereto adjoining, were properly paved, and also lighted and watched in the Night Time; And therefore praying, ThatProvision may be made in the said Bill, For the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem tueet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth

called Cranford Bridge; for altering and repairing the several Roads before mentioned, and for lighting and watering the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Beauchamp Profiler, Mr. Tomnjhend, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Mr. Morton, Mr. Tliurlorv, Sir Charles Mr. ->

stone, Mr. Pryce, Mr. WLately, Mr. Jennings, Mr.

Mr. Mr. Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Coutts, Mr. Mr. Mr. Kir. Kit-

Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for gent, Mr. Dnnpjter, 'Sir John Gibbons, Lord Coleraine, repairing the Roads, in the Parishes of Kensington, Chel- Mr. Sandy c, Mr. FordCatherlough, Sir James

sea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, Dashicood, Lord Clare, Mr. Ward, Mr. Middleton, Mr.

in the County of Middlesex; and for repairing some other Rdads in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square,the said Parishes of Kensington and whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred; and

Dmvdcjivell, Mr. Darker, Mr. Mr. Pratt, Mr.

Martin, Mr. Filzherbert, Mr. Bindley; and all the Members who serve for t:.e Counties of Middlesex, Bucks, Hertford, Surrey, and Berks: and for the City

thattheydoexaminetheMatterofthisPetition;andre- of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at port the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House. Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of M of the Trustees, appointed to Notice bei taken of the Order, made upon lhe

put m Eaecntron Two AfU of Parliament, passed m , the last Session of Parliament, That

the Third and Tenth Years of the Reign of his Majesty , be* aml order to be laid before this

King George the First, arid another in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that Part of-Counterfbridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex,leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounfiow, to the Powder Mills, in the Road to

Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in ftie said County, in the Road to Colnbrooke, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed

aconsiderable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, but find that the said Roads cannot be effectually

amended, and kept in pod Repair, and the Money h; y , D, on Coaches a,d Carriages, for Three

-.I, Day of dicti.,-

enlarged; and that Part of the great Western Road lying West of the Highways directed to be repaired

by the said Acts, and Ealt of the Turnpike Road, leading to Colnbrooke, at a Place commonly called Cranford Bridge,is frequently overflowed with water, and in Times of Flood dangerous to Travellers; and that the erecting a good and substantial Bridge at the said Place, and repairing the said Road, would be a great Convenience to all Persons travelling the Western Road; and that the Road leading from the said great Western Road, at or near the Sign of The Coach and Horses, through Sion Lane, and the Towns and Parishes of IJleivorth, Twickenham, and Tedding-ton, in the County of Middlesex, to the Gate on the South Side of Teddington Field, in the Road to Kingston

guishing the Number of Carriages for which each Person shall have paid the Duty in each Year; and also diltinguiiliing, in the said Account, which of the said Persons shall have paid any tiling towards the Duty on Silver Plate, imposed by an Act of 29 George II. and for what Quantity of Plate such Perilous shall have so paid in each Year.

The House being informed, that Mr. Bruere, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Book, intituled, " An Alphabetical Lift of the " Names of such Persons as have paid the Duty on " Coaches and Carriages, for Three Years ended 5th Day of April 1766; distinguishing the Number of

Duty oa Carriage*,-

" House, in the next Session of Parliament, an alphabetical Lift of the Names of such Persons as shall " have paid the Duty on Coaches and Carriages for " Three Years, ending the 10th Day of October 1766; " distinguishing the Number of Carriages for which " each Person shall have paid the Duty in each Year '; " and all’o distinguishing, in the said Account, which of " the said Persons shall have paid any tiling towards the " Duty on Silver Plate, imposed by an Act of the 29th " of George the Second; and foF what Quantity of Plate " such Persons shall have so paid in each Year."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Duty on Carriages.

Bridge; and also the Road or Way called Pound Lane, " Carriages for which each Person has paid the Duty in

or Lower Wood Lane, leading out of the said Western Road, near Smallberry Green Turnpike, to the Sign of The George, in the Town of Isleworth aforesaid, are in a yeiy ruinous Condition, in many Places very narrow, irregular, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired by the present Method 16

" each Year; and also distinguishing, in the said Account, which of the said Persons have paid any thing " towards the Duty on Silver Plate, imposed Act " of the 29 th George the Second, and for what Quantity " of Plate such Persons have paid in each Year."

And then he withdrew.

And

7 Geo. III.

ao8 Januarii.

Si

St. Martin’s Church, WorccHcr.

A nd the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be p<-ruled by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Walsh presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Martin, within the City of And the fame

was received; and read the Firli Time.

Resolveti, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

nothing at all, if no new Gate is to be erected on that Road: And therefore praying. That the old Trustees may be continued as formerly; and that the Money arising from the Tolls, and all fhture Sums to be borrowed thereon, may be employed, at the Discretion of the Commissioners, upon the Roads in general; and that the Commissioners may haves Power to erect a Gate or Gates upon any of the said Roads as may be moll conducive to the great Design of extending the Roads; and that no Diminution of Tolls be allowed until the

Worcester

Roads.

Whole of the present or any future Debt be discharged, A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, Town except bringing Straw into the City of Worcester, in Clerk, and several capital Citizens of the City of Wor- Exchange for Manure there, and the carrying Manure refer, of the Body of The Twenty-four, and likewise of out of the said City.

divers Inhabitants of the said City whose Names are Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Consideration of the Committee, to whom the BHl for read; Setting forth, That, by Two Acts of the Twelfth continuing, altering, and amending. Two Acts of Par-of King George the First, and of the ioth of his late liament, of the Twelfth of Kin the Firli, and

Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the of the Tenth of his late Majesty, for repairing several City of Wor refer; and for amending several other Roads leading into the City of Worcester', and for amending several other Roads near or adjoining thereto; is committed.

Roads near or adjoining thereto; the Trustees borrowed several large Sums of Money, amounting to near Eight Thousand Pounds, which were duly laid out in repairing the Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and that, by thejutl and frugal Management of the said Trustees, the Debt is now reduced to FourThoufandTwo Hundred Pounds; and that, by the Extenlion and Amendment of the several Roads mentioned in the said Acts, the Revenue from the said Gates was so considerable, as ✓ induced the Trustees to consent to an Application to Parliament for a further Extenlion of the said Roads; and that it appears, by the Bill now depending in the House, that the Petitioners, who have faithfully and truly discharged their Duty as Commissioners, in extending and repairing the said Roads, are to be discharged, as of no Utility, no Mal-administration having been laid to their Charge; and the good Intents and Purposes of the Two former Acts will, as the Petitioners apprehend, be rendered ineffectual, if the Bill, as it now Hands, should pass into a Law; and that the Tolls arising from some of the Gates are well known to exceed the Expence of repairing the Roads to which those Gates belong, particularly Omberjly Road, which from the natural Dryness of the Soil, and the Money, that has been expended thereon, may be kept in Repair at a very final! Expence, and likewise Bridge Road, having had a large Sum lately expended thereon, will, as well as the Malvern Road, produce

Mr. Treasurer presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copy of a Report from His Majesty's Advocate, Attorney, and Solicitor General, 16th August 1757: And also,

Copy of a Report from His Majesty’s Advocate, Attorney, and Solicitor General, 3 ill August 1757; inclosing.

Draft of a Warrant, &c.

Copy of a Petition of the East India Company. Received 2d December, 1757: And also.

Copy of a Report from His Majesty’s Attorney and Solicitor General, on the above Petition, 24th December 175 7; inclosing.

Draft of a Warrant, &c.

Together with a Lift of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be periifed by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other: Papers of this Session.

Bast India Company.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Ellimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons,

more Money than can possibly belaid out, taking them, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain,

in their furthest Extent; and should the Advantages of the Tolls arising from those Gates be loft to the Public, it would render the other Gates ineffectual to extend the other Roads, as desired; and that, on the other hand, the Tolls arising.from other Gates, particularly the Road leading from Lofemore Gate, to Bradley Green, and the Road leading from the Great London Gate, (to wit) Sidbury Gate, to Wheelbarrow Castle, and through Perjhure, and to Stone-bow Bridge, will be greatly insufficient to repair those Roads; and that the Petitioners observe, that, by a Clause in the said Bill, the Commissioners are to have Power to reduce the Tolls of any particular Gate; and that, as the Omberjly, Knightsford Bridge, and Malvern Gates above mentioned, by railing a superior Sum than can be expended on those Roads, will soon discharge their Proportion of Debt, and call for a Reduction of Tolls, which will be a Hardship on the other Parts of the Country, unless the Reduction be general; and if it be general, it will be impossible to extend and keep the Roads in Repair, nor can the Gates or Tolls be let to the bell Bidder, unless they are ascertained, and thereby prevent the Frauds and Perjuries which have been committed by the Gate-keepers, particularly at the Malvern Gate; peculiar Care seems likewise to be taken, by the Bill now depending, for the Parish of Omberjly to come cheap to Worcester Market, and to go to Bciodiey for Vol. 31.

from 25th December 1766 to 24th December 1767, Roth Days inolufive, being 365 Days: And also, Ellimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th December 1766 to the 24th December 1767, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Ellimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay, between the Britishand Irish Establishment of Six Regiments of Foot, serving in the Ijle of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the Ceded Islands, for 365 Days, from 25th of December 1766 to 24th December 1767, both Days inclusive: And also,

Ellimate of the Charge of Half-pay and Allowances, to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1767: And also,

Ellimate of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows of Officers, who have died on Half-pay, for the Year 1767: And also,

Ellimate of the Charge of Full Pay, for 365 Days, for the Year 1767, to Officers reduced, with the Tenth Company of several Battalions reduced from Ten to Nine Companies, and who remained on Half-pay, at the 24th December 1765: And also,

Ellimate of the Charge of General and General Staff" Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1767: And also,

A Lift

E (titrates presented; Army.

ao° Januarii . 1767.

American

Colonies.

A Lift of the Widows of such Reduced Officers of N®14. Estimate for the Year 1766, of the Expence His Majesty’s Land forces and Marines, who died oh of His Majesty’s Hospital in the Garrison of Quebec: the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and And also,

who were married to them before the 25th of December N° 15. Estimate for the Year 1766, of Ex ponces at-1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the tending the Brigadier General’s Department for the Year 1767: And also, Northern And also,

A Lift of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s N° 16. Estimate for the Year 1766, of the Expences Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half-pay attending the Aflillant Deputy Quarter Matter Ge-in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge neral’s Department, under the Brigadier General com-thereof, for the Year 1767. manding in the Northern And also.

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Several Papers transmitted by Major General Gage, Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Forces in North America; viz.

N° 1. Estimate for the Year 1766, of Expences attending the Commander in Chief’s Secretary’s Office: And also,

N® z. Estimates of the Yearly Expence attending the Barrack Matters General’s Department: And also,

N° 3. Estimate of the Year 1766, of Expences attending Two Troops of Rangers in Georgia: And also,

N° 4. Estimate of the Expences incurred in One Year, for carrying on His Majesty’s Service in the Department of the Commissary General of Stores and Provisions, commencing 25th December 1765, and ending 24th December 1766: And also,

N° 5. Estimate for the Year 1766, of Expences attending the Engineers Department in the Distri# of New York: And aHo,

N° 6. Estimate for the Year 1766, of Expences attending a regular Poll from New York to Albany: And

also,

N° 7. Estimate of Expences attending the Naval Department for the Year 1766: And also,

N° 8. Estimate for the Year 1766, of the Expence of transporting Provisions in the Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, to the Forts of Prince

George, and Charlotte: And also,

N° 9. Estimate of the Annual Expence of the Deputy Quarter Matter General’s Department for the Distri# of New York, for the Year 1766: And also,

N® to Estimate for the Year 1766, of Expence attending the Commissary of Muster’s Department: And also,

N® u. Estimate for the Year 1766, of Ordinary Contingences in Nova Scotia: And also,

N° 12. Estimate for the Year 1766, of the Contingent Expences of the Garrison of Louijbourg: And also,

N° 13. Estimate for the Year 1766, of Expences attending the Commissary General of Stores and Proviftons Department in Canada: And also.

N° 17. Estimate for the Year 1766, of the annual Expence of Fort Amherst, St.John’s And also,

N° 18. Estimate for the Year 1766, of the Quarter Matter General’s Department at Albany: And also,

N° 19. Lift of the Officers of the Northern Department of Indian Affairs, under the Superintendency of Sir William Johvfon, Baronet, with 'their respective

Salaries, and also those Appointments intended by the Plan for the better Management of Indian Aff airs, &,c. And also,

N° 1. Estimate for repairing the Church of St. Francis, at St. Augustine, for Soldiers Barracks, 1766: And also,

N° 2. Estimate for the Year 1766, of Expences necessary for the Repairs of the several Yards, Store-houses for the Ordnance Service, and Batteries at Halifax, in Nova Scotia: And also,

N° 3. Estimate for the Year 1766, of Repairs neoeffary at Fort Cumberland, Fort Frederick, and Fort

Edward, in Halifax, Nova Scotia: And also,

N° 4. Estimate of the Expence of Provisions issued to His Majesty’s Troops, and others, for One Year, in North America: And also.

Copy of Major General Gage’s Letter to the Secretary at War, dated New York, 1 ith October 1766: And also,

Extra# of a Letter from Major General Gage, to the Secretary at War, dated Nezo York, 28 th October 1766: And also,

Extra# of a Letter from Major General Gage, to the Secretary at War,dated New York, g\l\ November 1766.

Together with a Schedule of the said last mentioned Papers.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Lifts were read.

And the said Schedule was also read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates, Lifts, and other Papers, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts and the following Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Seven preceding Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE

-t

*J G E.O. III.

20° Jamiam*

51

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great from 25th December 1766, to 24th December 1767, both Days inclusive; being 365 Days.

ffirft Troop of Life Guards -/ Second Ditto -Horse. v First Troop of Grenadier Guards Second Ditto -

(^Royal Regiment of Horse Guards -

t'First RegimentafDragoon Guards Second Ditto Third Ditto -Earl of Pembroke's Dragoons . -. Duke of Argyll's - -

Dragoons. \ Earl of Albemarle's -

Sir Robert Rich's - -

Lieut. General Cholmondeley's Lieut. General George Howard's -Sir John Mordaunt's -<Earl of Ancram's -

Light J Lieut. General Elliott's

Dragoons. 2 Colonel Burgoyne's -

First Regiment of Foot Guards Coldstream Reg. of Foot Guards -Third Regiment of Foot Guards -Marquis of Lome's 2d Battalion -Colonel Robert Brudenell’s -Major General Rufane's Lord Robert Bertie's -Lieutenant General Webb's -Foot. / Colonel Clinton's -

) H. R. H. the Duke of s -

1 Major General Gage's Lieutenant General Bofcawen's -Lord George Lennox's - -

Colonel Fletcher's Major General Cary's Augmentation to aRegiment under Orders to return froxnNorth America

t Major General Parker's I Late Lord Lindores's -I Late Major General Parker's Invalids, / Major Ackland's ' Late Major Cliffe's Lieutenant Colonel Lind's -Eight Independent Companies

Garrisons with Fire and Candle Contingencies upon Account

Deduct, 1 Major. Lieut. Enf.

Numbers.

181

181

*77

176

3*9

I Pay of the Troop* and Regiments for

3 6$ Da vs.

4 '*

17.605 3

17.605 3 10,870 i£

1 P.743 3 26,054 18

4

4

4

4

4

4

*,0341

345

231

231

231

221

231

231

231

231

231

231

T

18,878

12.896

12.896

12.896

12.896 . 12,896

12.896

12.896

2

13

I}

13

*3

13

13

*3

2.b55

12.896 13

12.896 13 12,896,13

1

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

231

231

1649

1058

1058

529

529

529

529

529

529

529

529

529

529

529

529

29

462

12.896 13

12.896 13

4

4

555

385

385

3*3

201

156

416

2,471

Dead

Total

16,764

10

*6,754

45,980

29.759 29,814 1,065

11.321

11.321 11,467

11.321

11.321

11.321

11.321

11.321

11.321

11.321

11.321

611

*7

*3

8

11

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

6 4 4 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 . 8 8 8 8

10,142

*0,335 1* 8 6,702 6 3 6,793 11 3

5.506 5 — 4,653 *5 — 2,828 15 — 7,227-----

32,200 11 —

20,000 -

fOTAL.

£ d*.

>2,879 6

*47»^44 *5 5 25,793 6 8

241,909 16 8

44,107 4 2 52,200 n —

- r- - I 594,735 — 7

748 5 —

593,986 15 7

War Office, 20th *767.

Barrington.

Vol. 31.

ESTIMATE

54

20° Januarii. 1767.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th December 766 to 24th of 1767, both incluhye;

being 365 Days. '

Lieut. General Whitmore's Regiment of Foot _ -Major General Keppel's -

Sir Jeffery Amherjt's - -

Major General Monck ton’s - -

Earl of Panmure's -

l^ieut. General Warburtoris. - - - -Lord Viscount Townshend's - -

Earl of Granard’s - -

Major General Ought on's - . - -

Lieut. General Leighton’s - - - . -

Lord Frederick Cavendish's -

Major General PicrJ'dn's- - -

Lord John Murray's , -

Colonel William Howe's - -

Major General Clavering's -

Major General Owen's - -

Royal American Regiment, 2 Battalions -

Lord Adam Gordon's - -

Major General Lambton's -Major General Trapaud's Lieut. Colonel O'Hara's Corps -

Garrisons in North America; viz.

Quebec, Montreal, St. Augustine, Mobille,

and South Carolina - -

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, Placentia, St. John's in Newfoundland, St. John's

Island, Providence, and Bermudas - - _ -

Garrisons in the Islands of Grenada, St. Vincent, Dominique, and Tobago - '- - - _ -

Officers Cerving with the Forces in North America -Contingencies upon Account -

MINORCA.

Major General Burton's Regiment Lieut. General A'Court's - - - - _ -

Earl Cornwallis's Lieut. General Stuart's

Officers of the Garrison, &c.

GIBRALTAR.

Lord George Beauclerk's Regiment - -

Lieut. General Kingsley's - -

Lieut. General Cornwallis's -

Earl of Loudoun's -

Officers of the Garrison, &c.

Provisions for Fifteen Battalions of Foot in North America, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland, deducting 2 id.per Diem out of the Subsistence of

each Non-commissioned Officer and private Man, towards that Expence Remains to be borne by the Government Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar Provisions for the Forces in the ceded Islands -Provisions for Lieut. Colonel O'Hara's Corps serv-ving in Africa, deducting 2 per Diem from each Non-commissioned Officer and private Man, towards that £xpence Remains to he borne by the Government

Total - -

Numbers. Pay of the Regiments, for 365 Days. TOTAL.

I fs

5°° - 10,709 14 2

5°° - 10,709 14 2

5°° 10,709 14 2

5°° - 10,709 14 2

5°o - 10,709 14 2

5°° — " 10,709 14 2

5°° 1" — 10,709 14 2

5°° " " 10,709 14 2

500 — — 10,709 14 2

500 - 10, *>09 14 2

500 — " 10,709 14 2

5°o — — 10,709 14 2

5°° — — 10,709 14 2

5°° - — 10,709 14 2

5°° " 10,709 14 2

5°° " " 10,709 14 2

1,001 21,674 18 4

5°° " — 10,709 14 2

5°o " — 10,709 14 2

5 00 — — 1 10,709 14 2

214 — 4,170 2 6

10,71c; a 0 /"> O A A T A

7 / J 229,329 10 —

- - - ----- 3,796

- - - 3,566

- - - - 2,786 3 4

10,366

2,000

529 - 11,321 1 8

5 2 9 11,321 1 8

529 n,32i 1 8

529 11,321 1 8

2,110 00 LO CO M a

— — — " — 5»89° 3 9

' 529 - 11,321 i 8

529 " - 11,321 1 8

529 " 11,321 1 8

529 - 11,321 1 8

2,116 45,284 6 8

t- 3>749 12 3

22,242 3 9

— — — 19,238 14 10

9>752 6 10}

- - - 2,321 14 10$

53>555 3

- - I4»947 405,607 2 nf

War Office, 20th January 1767,

Barrington. ESTIMATE

c

7 Geo. III.

5

20° Januarii.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishments of Six Regiments of Foot, serving in the Isle of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the ceded Islands, for 365 Days, from the 25th December 1766, to 24th December 1767, both Days inclusive.

1 Numbers. Pay for 365 Days. A Difference;

Lieutenant General Montagu's Regiment of Foot, according to the British EflabJishment ----- Paid by Ireland for this Regiment ----- 1 V 329 /. r: d. 8,629 4 2 7,796 2 6 £ s- d.

Difference - - - - 833 I 8

Major General Toovey's Regiment of Foot, the same - 329 833 1 8

Major General Parjlow's,the same -Sir David Cunyngham's, the same - - - -Lieutenant General Strode's Regiment of Foot, according to the British Ellabliffiment ----- Paid by Ireland for this Regiment - 329 - - 833 1 8

329 5°° I0,70g 14 2 7>753 — zi 833 1 8

Difference - - - - Major General Lambart's Regiment of Foot, according to the British Establishment ----- Paid by Ireland for this Regiment ----- 331 8,665 14 2 7»753 — 2} 2,956 13 n}

Difference - - - - 912 *3

2,147 - - 7,201 14 7

War Office, 20th January 1767.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half-pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s

' Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1767.

Eor Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces for 365 Days, from 25th December 1766, to 24th December 1767, inclusive - For Allowances to Officers of the Reduced Horse - For the Annual Allowances to Nine Private Gentlemen of the Third and Fourth Troops of Horse Guards, at xo per Annum each - For 68 Private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at the Rate of 7 d. per Diem each -

Per Diem. For 365 Days.

£. s. d. £ d.

370 13 8 135.299 8 4

3 io 8 1,289 *3 4

. . 90

1 19 8 723 18 4

£ ' 137.403

War Office, 20th January 1767.

Barrington.

VOL..3!.

ESTIMATE

56

ao° Jam

.1767,

lESTl MATE of the Charge- of the Allowances to Widows of Officers who have died on Half-pay, for the

Year 1767.

— ----- ----- ----- -..... " 1 — — — *----- — .....%

AflWances to the Widow's for the Year 1767

£ s. d. 1,536-----

‘War Office, zoth January 1767.

Barrington.

ESTIM ATE of the Charge of Full Pay for 365 Days, for the Year 1767, to Officers reduced, with the Tenth Company of several Battalions reduced from Ten to Nine Companies, and who remained on Half-pay at the 24th December 1765.

20 Captains, at ior. per Diem each ----- 17 Lieutenants, at 4 s. 8 d. per Diem each - - - -8 Ensigns, at 3 s.8 d. per Diem each - Per Diem. For 365 Days.

10 3 *9 4 1 9 4 3,650 L447 *6 8 535 6 8

45 CO CO H 5,633 3 4

War Office, 20th J 1767.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1767.

For 365 Days.

General and General Staff Officers - - - £ 12,203 18 6r

War Office, 20th January 1767.

Barrington.

1

Googh

57

7 Geo. III. 20° — 11* Januarii.

Ordered, That the said Estimates, Lifts, and other Papers, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mercurity 210 Januarii;

East India Company*

Ditto.

Anno 7* Georgii III. *'Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Caxtmc, Mercrr* Clerk of the Company of Mercers of the City of ComP*n7* London, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City o iLondon,from the 10th ot October 1765 to the

" 10th of October 1766; directed to be laid before each " House of Parliament, by Two Acts of Parliament,

" one of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act " for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and " Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City " of London; and the other of the Fourth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

" intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Bond and " other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of " the Mystery of Mercers of the City of And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, rlhat the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. James, from the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Charter granted to the East India Company in 1758: And also.

Copies of the several Treaties and Grants from the Country Powers to the East India Company, respecting their Presidency at Fort William in Bengal, from the Yeari756 to 1766, both Years inclusive: And also. Extracts of Letters from the East India Company’s Servants in Bengal, relative to Treaties and Grants from the Country Powers, from the Year 1756 to 1766, both inclusive: And also.

Extracts of Letters to the East India Company’s Servants in Bengal, relative to Treaties and Grants from the Country Powers', from the Year 1756 to 1766, both Years inclusive: And also,

Copies of the several Treaties and Grants from the Country Powers to the East India Company, respecting their Presidency of Fort St, George, on the Coast of Coromandel, from the Year 175b to 1766, both Years inclusive: And also.

Extracts of Letters from the East India Company’s Servants at Fort St. George, relative to Treaties and Grants from the Country Powers, from the Year 1756 to 1766, both Years inclusive; also a Copy of a Letter from the Nabob of Arcot to the Company: And also. Extracts of Letters to the East India Company’s Servants at Fort St. George, relative to Treaties and Grants from the Country Powers, from the Year 1756 to 1766, both Years inclusive; also a Copy of a Letter from the Company to the Nabob of Arcot: And also. Copies of the several Treaties and Grants from the Country Powers to the East India Company, respecting their Presidency at Bombay, on the Coast of Malabar, from the Year 1756 to 1766, both Years inclusive: And also.

Extracts of Letters from the East India Company’s Servants at Bombay, relative to Treaties and Grants from the Country Powers, from the Year 1756 to 1766, both Years inclusive: And also,

Extra6ls of Letters to the East India Company’s Servants at Bombay, relative to Treaties and Grants from the Country Powers, from the Year 1756 to 1766, both Years inclusive: And also.

General State of the Revenues, including the Customs and Duties on Trade, at the United East India Company’s several Settlements, extracted from the respective Books, according to their different Periods, from 1755, to those last received, and continued to 1766, by Estimates formed upon the bell Advices. Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Charter granted to the East India Company on the 5th Day of September, in the 10th Year of the Reign of King William the Third.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Money His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that an Account be laid before this House, of all Sums of Money, which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House wil, upon Morn- h price

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 80f House, to consider of the present high Price of Pro- ProviGon*. visions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Debt of HisMa- Eftlmau jesty’s Navy, as it Hood on the 31st Day of December ordered;

1766, be laid before this House. Navy*

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Way*

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Meanjj. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- High Prce ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Corn. House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

Vol. 31.

Ct

58 22* Januarii. 1767.

of York, Robert Edward Foxcroft, -

%4;/f 22° die Januarii

J J9 Gillifon, Esquires, the Reverend Thomas Butler, Clerk,

.. ttt - t> r Rector of John Doctor of Phvlic,

Anno 7* Georgii IIItu Regis, 1767. Widow, and the several other Per-

fons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Prayers. Owners, Proprietors Lessees, Possessor.s of, or otJi^nvile

_ , interested in, divers ancient Messuages, Lands, Tene-

Radnorthlre A Petition of the Gentlemeh, Clergy, and others, ments, and Hereditaments, in the Townships of Jngle-01 whose Barnes are thereunto subscribed, waspre- Bentham, and Barton, in the said West Riding of

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the ^he said County of York, and in the T ovvnship of Wen*

Road leading from Penybont, in the Parish of Uatiba- nington, in the County of L<i?ic(rfler> and, in refjn’ft darn Vawr> in the County of Radnor, through Llanvi- thereof, entitled to Right of Common, upon a certain hangel Nantmellan, to New Radnor, and from thence Common, or Parcel of Waile Grounds, called Ben!ham to Prefieizn, in the said County; and from Prefieign, MooVy within the said Manor of was pre-

through Gladqftry, and New Church,to Glasbury Bridge,fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, TJiat in the said County, and from theuce to the Hay Bridge, there is> within the said Manor of / a large

near the Hay, and from thence to Builth Bridge, near Common, or Trad of W'alle Ground called Bentham Bmlth; and from Glasbury Bridge aforesaid, through Moor, containing in the Whole Four Thousand Acres,

Clyrow, by the Red Spence, to the Red Lea, in the or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners, in respect of County of Hereford, and from the Red Spence aforesaid, their ancjent Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hc-

to BrilleyoMountain, in the said County of Hereford; reditaments, in the said Manor and Townships are ei> and from Prefteignaforesaid, to Knighton, in the County titled to a Kight of Common upon the said Common

of Radnor; and from Prejleign, by Llandezoy Yjlradney, or Waste Grounds, or otherwise interested therein; and to the Town of Rayader: and from Penybont, by Tre- -tf,at there are divers Leasehold Lftates within the said went, and Burchop, to Stannor Rock, in the County of Manor and Townships, and the Lessees or Tenants Radnor; and from New Radnor, through Walton, to Stan-thereof enjoy Common of Pasture upon the said Com-

norRock; and from LlanvihangelNantmellan, to Builth mon or Waste Lands for and in respect of such Leases;

Bridge, and from Builth Bridge, to Gladeftry; and from but several of them are by their Leases only entitled Llanvihangel Nantmellan, to Llandrindod Wells, in the to Right of Common thereon, so long as the same lie laid County of Radnor; and from Penybont, by Lland- open Bnd uninclosed; and that the said Commons and rindod Wells, to Builth Bridge; and from Penybont, Waste Grounds at present afford little o no Profit or through Nantmell and Rayader, to Elan River, in the Advantage, but are capable of great Improvements laid County of Radnor; and from Rayader, to Builth jf the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore Bridge; and from.Penybont, by Abby Ciombhyre, in the praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill laid County of Radnor, to a Place called Nantyr Efcob, for the dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said Com-otherwise Nantyr Trenant, leading towards Uandiloes, mons and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under in the County of Montgomery; and from Penybont, to such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Knighton, in the said County of Radnor; and from Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, thence to Evenjobb, in the said County; and from Perty- pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that bont, to LlandbedardVynedd, in the County of Radnor, Mr. Leigh and the Lord North do prepare, and bring

leading towards Nero Town, in the County of Montgo- jn, the fame. mery; is in many Places so narrow that Two Carriages

cannot pass each other, and fcarcelyOne in some Places, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Marchwiel without imminent Danger, and in many other Places others. Breeders of Sheep and Cattle, in the County of ‘° ruinous and bad; and the same cannot be effectually Carnarvon, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Set- ‘Road1.011 amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordi- ting forth. That the Highway leading from,

nary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That in the County of Denbigh, through the several Parishes Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, of Bangor, and Hanmer, in the County

widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, lead- of Flint, to in the Parish of Whitchurch, in

ing to the respective Market Towns aforesaid, and for the County of Salop, is very founderous, and in bad erecting Toll-houses and Turnpikes on the said Road, Repair, and cannot be well and effectually rejiaired by in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet. the ordinary Means provided by the Laws in being:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the And therefore praying, That the House will take the Cousideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- above same into their Consideration, and grant such amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Relief therein as they shall think meet, shall appear to them, to the House: Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen,

Gore, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Burrard, Clergy, and Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the

Mr. Shiffher, Mr. Bagot, Lord PalmerJion, Sir Robert County of Denbigh, is referred.

Ladbroke, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Tkurlow, Lord Bateman,

Mr. Grofoenor, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Penton, Mr. Sargent, A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others. Bankrupts. Mr. Binley, Sir George Savile, Mr. C///?, Mr. Bertie, Mr. in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, whose Names are Harley, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Walter, Lord North, Mr. thereunto subscribed, was prefeuted to the House,

Leigh, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Wynn, Lord Mount Stuart, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the more Mr. Harris, Mr. Bame, Mr. Seymour, Mr. fjowndes, equal and effectual Diiftribution of the Eftales ami Mr. Sandys, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Ward, Mr. Gilbert, Effects of Merchants, Bankers, Traders, Scriveners,

Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Dyfon,'Mr. Shuttle- Factors, or Brokers, deceased; and for the better worth, Mr. Lascelles; and all the Members who serve Security of the Eliates and Effects of such Persons for the County of Hereford and for the Principality described as aforesaid becoming Bankrupts in their of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Life-times; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Credit and good Faith in Commerce will be increased Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. by a Law for those Purposes: And therefore praying,

that the said Bill may pais, in such Manner, and Bentham A Petition of Edward Parker, Esquire, Lord of the under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem

Moor Manor of Ingleton,in the West Riding of the County meet.

Inclosure,

fcf

boi

Ihi

so

Cisfa

to

U.

y Geo. I'll.

22" Jantiarii.

59

Tarn

Moor

Inclosure.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question Table. . severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with tlxe Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Freeholders of the Township of Skipton in Craven, in the County of York, whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Township, there is a certain Common, known by the Name. of The Tarn Moor, containing 141 Statute Acres, or thereabouts, which hath been occupied and enjoyed in able Lands, lying within the Manor of Chejierton, in common by the Freeholders of the said Township, and the County of Oxford: And the same was received j their Tenants; until of late Years the same hath been and read the First Time by them Jet out, and the Money arising therefrom bath been by them applied in Aid of the Poor’s Hates of the said Township; and that the said Township is now burthened with a very numerous Poor; and that the said Common lies very near to the Town of Skipten Setting forth. That many great Frauds and Impositions aforesaid, and capable of great Improvement: And are frequently practised in the Admeasurement’ofCoals, therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring fold within the City of London, and the Liberties there* in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Common j of; and at the several Wharfs situate between the Tower and that the Yearly Kents and Profits arising thereupon of London and , in the County of

may from time to time be applied in Aid of the ,to the Difer-edit and Disadvantage of the fair

Poor’s Hates of the said Township, subject to such Rules, Trader, and great Lose to the Confuiner; all which. Orders, Directions, Pro vifoes, and Clauses, as the I louse . the Petitioner humbly apprehends, might be prevented, shall think fit; and grant such other Relief, in the if Provision was made for appointing proper Persons to Premises, to the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem inspect the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf meet. Measure, at the several Wharfs, and other Places,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, within the said City and Liberties; and that the Pe-pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that titioner is willing and desirous, at his own Expence,

Lord Charles Spencer presented to the House, ac- Chefloton cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing cer- Inclosure, tain Open and Common Fields, Common Paitures,

Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Common*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of John Evans, of the City of London, London Coal Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; Coal Meter'* - -..... Office.

.Lord George Cqvendish, Mr. Plumptre, and Sir ^1 nthony Abdy, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Rudington

Indolurc.

to promote and establish a CoaJ Meter’s Office, with proper A Aidants, for that Service, within the said City and Liberties, upon having granted to him a small Allowance upon all Coals fold iu Manner aforesaid, to enable him to support the said Office, and a sufficient Number of labouring Meters, and other Persons, and Materials, under such Rules, Directions, ReltriCUons, and Limitations, as shall be thought proper: And

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor, the Vicar, and Freeholders, of Rudington, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting.forth. That the Lands in the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Paitures, and other Commonable Lands, in Rudington aforesaid, belonging to the several Pro- therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring prietors and Owners thereof, lie greatly intermixed, in a Bill for those Purposes, and for establishing such and dispersed in finall Parcels, and, in their present further Regulations, as the House shall think expe-Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement: dient, more effectually to prevent the Evils above And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to Rated.

bring iun Bill for-dividing arid inclosing the lame, as Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the to the House shall seem meet. Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it

Surfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that shall appear to them," to the House: lr. Plumptre, Mr. Hopkins, and Mr. Heuiett, do pre- And it is referred to Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. pare, and bring in, the fame. Jackson, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. IVhilioorth, Mr.

FTotchkis’

Name.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Thomas Hotchkis, to take the Surname and Arms of Littler, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Littler, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Thomas Hotchkis, to take the

Alderman Beckford, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lord

North, Mr. West, Mr. Prescott, Sir Francis Colonel Amherst, Mr. Shiftier, Sir William Baker, Lord

George Sackville, Mr* Gilbert, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Brand, Mr. Harris, Mr. Wynn, Sir Charles Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mr.

Surname and Arms of Littler, pursuant to the Will of , Sir Joseph Lord Pigott, Sir John

Thomas Littler, deceased Ordered, That Mr. Shiftier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cranford

to

Maidenhead

Road.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 13 th Year of King George the First, and

Gibbons, Mr. Mr. Coutts, Mr. Wood, Lord

Hinchingbrook, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Morton, Lord Orwell, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Gore,

Sir George , Mr. Martin, Mr. Bindley, Mr.

Walpole, Sir Burrell; and all the Members who

serve for the City of London; and for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Hertford: And

the 17 th of his Jate Majesty, for repairing the Road they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County for Persons, Papers, and Records.

of Bucks; and for amending the Road from Slough, to

a certain Place in Eton; and from Langley Broom, to A Petition of Edward Weld and Thomas Gillibrand, Chorley

Hatchet Bridge, in the County of Buckingham; was Esquires, Lords of the Manor of Chorley, in the Qounty Inclosure^ committed; That the Committee had examined the of Lancaster, and of Sir Frank Standish, Baronet, Abra-Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j ham Crompton, Esquire, Peter Brooke, Esquire, James

Aulexark, John Clowde/ley, William Whittle, Thomas Chadwick, Thomas Haxukjhead, John Hollinhcad, John Crompton, William Leigh, John Parker, William W<ajley,

George Tootcll, Thomas Sumner, Hugh , and Hugh Sim, Gentlemen, and the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners, Proprietors,

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

.Vot. 3.1.

i^-

6o

2 2° Januafit.

A\ 1767.

prietort, Lessees, PolTessors of, or otherwise interested in, divers ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor, and within the ViH, Hamlet, or Township, of in the said

County of Lancaster; and in respect thereof entitled to Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor, divers Commons and Waste Ground, called Charley More, Hartzcood Eaves Green,

Horden Moss, Hunter's Slade,

Green, and divers other fraall Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds, containing in the whole Three Hundred and Eighteen Acres and upwards, of the customary Measure there used; and that the Petitioners, for and in respect of their ancient inclosed Lands, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor, and within Healey aforesaid, are entitled to a Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and otherwise interested therein; and that there are divers Leasehold Estates within the said Manor and Vill, Hamlets, or Township, for one or more Life or Lives; and also for Years absolute, and the Lessees or Tenants thereof enjoy Common of Pasture upon the said Commons or Waste Grounds for and in respect of such Leases; but several of them are, by their Leases, only entitled to Right of Common thereon so long as the same lie open and uninclosed; and that the said Commons and Waste Grounds, as at present, afford little or no Profit or Advantage, but are capable of great Improvements if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to luring in a Bill,

Jurfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that fr. Shuttlexvorth, Mr. Legh, and the Lord Strange, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Yazley A Petition of the Right honourable John Lord Carys-Iodofiuc, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Lord of the Manor of Yaxley, in the County of Huntingdon, and also Impro-

priator of the Great Tythes of the Parish of aforesaid; and a principal Proprietor of the Lands and Estates there, and of the Reverend Peter Vicar

of the said Parish, and others, Proprietors of Lands and Estates there, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Open and Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and Marsh and Fenny Grounds, containing some Thousand Acres, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Arable Fields, Open Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste Grounds, and Marlh and Fenny Grounds, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Hrnchingbrook, M.r.Gilbert, S\r Robert Bernard,

and Mr. Rigby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Prescott presented to the House, according to Meyer’* Order, a Bill for naturalizing Leonard Mei/er: And the , same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Addrefi His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to foT

give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Estimate of the Charge of what may be *Ty‘ necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1767.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by inch Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their Estimate Address to His Majesty, presented j

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, ®rdflaace* for the Year 1767, Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The laid Estimate Is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE

17 Geo. III. 22° Jaitu&rtu

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1767.

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at -

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Storehouses, Magazines, 1 Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges -

Gibraltar and North Britain -Minorca

St. John's, Ferry Trinity Har-

bour and Placentia, in Newfoundland. -Annapolis Royal -

Raft Florida -

( West Florida -

Grenada, Dominica, Tobago, St. Vincent, and other ceded Islands -

Quebec - -

New York -

Senegal and Senegambia, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 28 Feb 1766

Pay of the Corps of Engineers -

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, coniifling of 1791 Men, Officers included ——

Establishment of the Academy at Woolwich -

Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolioich -

Pay of Mailer Gunners, and Gunners, of the several Garrisons in Great Britain -

Pay of an Inspector of Artillery for North America, Newfoundland, and the West India Islands - -

Pay of an Inspector and Commander of Artillery at Gibraltar and Minorca -

To Lieutenant Colonel»SVmMe/ Cleaveland, in Consideration of his Services, till such Time as he 11ia.ll be entitled to the Pay of Lieutenant Colonel in the Regiment of Artillery - -

To Lieutenant General William Belford, for his good Services -To John Chalmers, Esquire, late Major of Artillery, in Consideration of his Services -

To Lieutenant Colonel William Roy, Engineer, for surveying the Coast of Great Britain, and the adjacent Islands thereto belonging -Pay of Superannuated and disabled Officers and Men who have served well in the Trains of Artillery, in Flanders, Germany, North America, Africa, the East and West Indies, with the Half-pay of Officers reduced, and Widows Pensions -

£ s. d.

36/156 12 6

1,047 5 "7

1,297 2 6

1,099 6l I " 3

7 6

657

967 5 —

1,076 15 — 843 10 —

511-----

*»"3 5 —

8,093 '17 6

58,342 4 2

1,000-----

867 5 —

5,648 7 6

5,

365-----

91 5 —

328 10 —

*73 *5 —

365-----

9>23$ *9 7

EXTRAOftDINARIES.

Towards carrying on the Fortifications, building and , repairing Storehouses, and 1 supplying Stores at -

Gibraltar -

Minorca -

Annapolis Royal -

Placentia -

St. John's, Ferryland, Carboniere, and Trinity Harbour in Newfoundland -

Towards repairing the old Line Wall, Rampart, and Aquedu&, damaged by the lateStorm, at Gibraltar -

Towards erecting the new Fort at Atderfeer Point, near Inverness Towards repairing the Fortifications and Barracks in Scotland -Towards repairing the Breach in the Sea Wall at Sheertufs Towards repairing the Fortifications at and Gcsport -

Towards completing the Fortifications at Plymouth Citadel Towards fin idling a new Magazine for Gunpowder, and other Buildings necessary thereto, at Purjleet in Essex....

Pay of Engineers, Officers, Commissaries, Conduftors, and Artificers, with the Trains of Artillery, attending His Majesty’s Forces at several Places in North America -Two Hundred Tons of Salt Petre -

5.000 -

4.000 -

1.000 — —

500-----

500-----

4.000 — —

8.000 -

1.000 -

3.000 -

i>500 -

500-----

5.000 -

5,602 15 9,000 —

Vol. 31.

R

6t

Si d.

t

13°>54^ *

48,602 15 — 179,150 17 6 Money

fa

22° Junuarii.

Money due from the East India Company, being the Value of Brass Ordnance, Powder, and Stores, belonging to the Field Train; also Small Arms delivered to them in India, and Brass Howitzers and Stores delivered in England

Expence of Services performed, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, and not provided for by Parliament in 1766.

Pay of Officers at the Settlement of Halifax in Nova Scotia, from 1 January to 31 December 1766 , and Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange for carrying on the -current Service - -

To Captain Philip Webdell, of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, super-annuated, from 15 November 1765 to 31st of December 1766, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 11 February 1766

In further Part of the Charge of £. 24,812. 4 s. id. for Guns, Mortars, and Ordnance Stores, sent to Minorca, for replacing those expended and rendered unserviceable in the late Siege of St. Philip's Cafiie, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 7 November 1765 -Money issued to answer Bills drawn towards making good the Damage done by the Storm at Gibraltar -

Also towards the Charge of Timber, Bedding, Brass and Iron Ordnance, Small Arms, Powder, and other Stores, sent on "that extraordinary Occasion, and for the then better Security and Defence of the said Place ——

Pay of Officers and Artificers established at Senegal and £. s. d.

Senegambia, from 13 February to 31 December 1766, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 28 February 1766 860 7 —

Also Brass and Iron Ordnance, Carriages, Small Arms,

Bedding, and other Stores, sent to the said Places - 6,367 —

11

Arms delivered to the Eighth, Nineteenth, Twenty-third, Twenty-fourth, Twenty-fifth, Thirty-fbcth, Fifty-third, Fifty-fourth, and Sixty-eighth Regiments of Foot; also Halberts, Cartouch Boxes, and Drums, to several other Regiments, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 31 December 1765, 4 January, 5 February, 6 , 17 April,

21 June,25 July,23 August, 14 and 21 of October, 1766

An additional Supply of Ammunition, delivered to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 30 April 1766 Ammunition delivered to Thirty-nine Regiments of Militia, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 18 Mmj 1763 -

Pay of Engineers and other Persons employed in surveying the Harbours in Newfoundland, from 1 January to 31 December 1766, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 1 May 1765 -

Pay of Officers and supernumerary Men of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, sent from the Floridhsto the ceded Islands, from 1 January to 31 December 1766, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 25 June 1766 Money issued to answer Bills drawn by the Paymasters to the Trains of Artillery, in North America, for Contingencies -Mqiney i/Tned to answer Bills drawn on Account of repairing the ^For-tificatiorts and Barracks at £. s. d.

East Florida ----- 782 3

West Florida

1,128 15 3

Money issued to answer Bills drawn on Account of building Barracks and Storehouses at the ceded Islands - -

The Charge of relieving Two Companies of Artillery from America -

{. * d.

A. 1767;

C s. d.

9>55° 17 4

169,600 —

650 7 6

106 — —

8,000 — —

3>oooo — —

6,000 — —

7,227 7 11

5>36* 9 6

245 5 7

*>489 11 6

5 —

910 14 -

5,604 10 4

1,910 18 8

8,629 *9 '5

801 >7 1

51,196 6 6

220,790 6 8

Charles Frederick, W. R. A. Wilkinson.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to matt India their Order.

®*tnp»nr- An Account of all Expences incurred by His Majesty's Forces, employed in the East India Company’s zo

Service, from the Year 1756 to the Year 1766, both Years inclusive; distinguishing each Year: And also. Account of the Expences incurred by Government* on account of the East India Company, from the Year 1756 to the Year 1766, so far as the same appears in the Office of Ordnance: And also,

A particular State of the Expences incurred by Government,

Delves*

Name.

Private

BuGncfs.

Carliffe

Inclosure.

Accounts

ordered;

America.

7 Geo. III.

yanuarii.

6$

Addrtfi

for

vernment, oh account of the East India Company, The House was moved. That Part of an Act, made

from the Year 1756 to the Year 1766, both Years in- in the 5th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for. elusive; distinguishing each Year, as far as the same intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual

in fho Mow OHinA And olfn in Dnmininnc in Amprim. AY\ Arif^Twi

appear in the Navy Office: And also.

An Account of the Expences incurred by Government, on account of the East India Company, for victualling His Majesty’s Navy, from the Year 1756 to the Year 1766, both Years inclusive; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account lliewing the several Sums granted by Parliament to the East India Company, during the Course of the last War.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrolled Rill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Thomas Delves, Baronet, and his Heirs Male, to take the Name of Broughton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Rill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Rill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act, partied, in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for puniiliing Mutiny and Desertion, and for " the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly 5 -

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House Rich Accounts and 'Informations as have been received, relative to the providing of Fire, Candles, and other Necessaries, for the Troops in North America which, by an Act, passed in the 5th Year of His Majesty’s R.'ign, are required to be furnished by the several Provinces respectively.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an East India Account of tine Expences incurred by the East India Company. Company, on Account of the Wars and Disturbances in the East Indies, from 1754 to 1766, both Years inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money received by the East

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill Company, from the Nabobs' or Powers of the

Country, or received in Revenues arising from the ceded Districts, from the Year 1753 inclusive, to the Grant of the Dewannee; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of all Duties paid upon East India Goods, from the Year 1756 to 17 both Year* y inclusive; together with the Amount of the Drawbacks

A Petition of the Right Reverend Father in God, allowed on the Re-exportation of the fame; distin-Charles Lord Bishop of Carlisle, Lord of the Manor of guishing each Year.

to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, to proceed upon any private Business after Two of the Clock.

Dalston, in the Parilli of St.Mary, without the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, the Right Wor-shipful the Dean and Chapter of Carlisle, Lords of the Manor of John De Chappie, in the said Parish, and several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto fub-Icribed, being Land Owners within the said Manors, Condition of the East India Company, on Behalf of themselves and divers other Persons having Right of Common upon the Wastes and Commons within the said Manors, was presented to the House, tod rfead; Setting forth, That there is a large Common Moor, or Tract of Waile Ground, known by the Name 6f Carlisle, or Cummerfdale Moor, or Paiiure, lying within the said Manors, containing by Ellimation, One Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Acres, or thereabouts, which, if divided and inclosed, would be greatly improved, and rendered of much greater Value to the several Persons interested therein; and that the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested, have agreed to have the same divided and allotted, in proportion to each Person’s Right in the fame: And there-

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday the 6th Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire into the State and

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 23 0 dJanuarii;

Anno 7# GeorgiiHI1" Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

Ditto.'

fore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a PT1HE House being moved, in pursuance of the Private Bill for carrying the said Agreement into Execution, Order of Yesterday, That Leave be given to BuGncfs.

and confirming the fame. move the Hotife this Day, that any private Bulinels

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, might be entered upon, in the House, this Day, after pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Two of the Clock;

Mr. Touchet and Sir George Yonge do prepare, and Ordered, That any private may be entered

bring in, the feme.. upon, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Expences incurred by Government, on account of the Services performed in America and the West Indies respectively, from the Year 1756 to the Year 1766, both Years inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Monies iniprefted to any Person employed m remitting the fame, on account of the said Services,‘together with the Balances now remaining in their Hands.

Vol. 31.

A Petition of Roger Gee, Esquire, Lord of the Manor Bithap of South Burton, otherwise Bishop Burton-, in the ft Burton Riding of the County of York, and an Owner of several factotum. Messuages, Cottages, Scites of Cottages, or Toft*

Lands, ana Tenements, within f he Parish of Bishop Burton aforesaid, and others, whose Names are subscribed,

Owners of or otherwise interested in the Lands and Grounds therein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That thei-e are, within the said Parish, several Open and Unindofed Parcels of

Land,


64

230 Januarii.

A. 1767.

Land, Arable, Meadow, and failure Ground, balled Mr.; and all the Members who serve for

Far Enft Field, Middle East Field, Near East Field, or North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

Mill Field, Holmes, Little West Field, Weighton Lane at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and Field, Ccowberry Dale Field, and Cow Wold, and other have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Names; which are computed to contain in the Whole

2800 Acres, or thereabouts, which lie intermixed and Sir James Dashzvood presented to the House, accord- Sandford dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situa- Ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Inclosure. tion, are capable of no confulerable Improvement; Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in

the Parish of in the County of Oxford: And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made l'or those Purposes;

ReJ That the Bill be read a Second Time.

and that it would be a great Benefit to all the Persons interested in the said Lands, in case a Division and Inclosure was made thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Division and Inclosure of the several Lands and Grounds above mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lascelles and Mr. Pringle do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Radnorftiire

Roads*

Mr. Touchet presented to the House, according to Carlirte Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Com- IncWnre* mon Moor, called Carlisle and CummerJ'dale Moor, in Mr. Lewis reported from the Committee, to whom *^e County of And the same was re-

the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, ceiyed; and read the First lime.

‘ " Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to New Street, whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers *c. Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at granted by an Act, passed in the 22d Year of his late the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is Ma1 jesty King George the Second, for opening and as followeth; viz. making a new Road from the Fall End of New Street,

To prove the Allegations of the (hid Petition, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through Evan Meredith, Esquire, being examined, said, That he the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping knows all the Roads mentioned in the Petition, which the said Road in Repair for the future; and for repairing lie in the 'several Counties of Radnor and Hereford;several other Roads adjoining thereto; was committed;

that the same are very ruinous, too narrow, and cannot That the Committee had examined the Allegations olf be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the the amending the same would'be a public Benefit. Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feve-Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed

him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally pu. thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

amending,

repairing, and widening, several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford: And that Mr. Lewis and Mr. Alderman Harley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

ingrossed.

Carron A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Manu-and facturers, of the City of Glasgow, was presented to the Clyde House, and read; Setting forth. That, by Surveys made.

Navigation. apj,ears that a Canal, or Cut, may be carried from the River Carron, through the Counties of Stirling,

Dumbarton, and Lanerk, to the River Clyde, near the

City of Glasgow, for the Navigation of Boats, and other P?ny> ir* "ie rhirteenth. Twentieth, and twenty-fifth Vessels, with heavvBurthens, whereby an eafyConmiu- fess of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and v - - - ----- jv — of the Reign of King James the

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ball India Copies of the Charters granted to the East India Com- Company.

nication will be made between the Firths of Forth and Clydejwhich, the Petitioners humbly conceive, will be the Means of facilitating and rendering leis expen-five the Carriage and Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, from and to the Firths aforesaid; and also will be of great public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making arid maintaining such navigable Cut, or Canal, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Scott, Mr. Tmonjhend, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Campbell, Lord Panmure, Mr. Craufurd, Mr. Ross, Mr. Wed-

derburn, Mr. West, Mr. Ryder, Lord Mountftuart, Mr.

Jacffon, Lord John Cavendish, Lord Chancellor of the Exchequer, Colonel , Mr. Hamil-

ton, Mr. Touchet, Lord Strange, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Gore, Mr. Jenkinson, Lord Burgherjh, Mr.

Mr. Shi finer, Mr. Garth, Mr. Thurlow, Sir Roger

digale, Sir James Dafhwood, Mr. Mackye, Sir Charles

Tyntc, Mr. Smith, Mr. Methuen, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Walter, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Mr. Cakraft,

in the Second Year Second.

Answer to

Address

for

Mr.Treasurer reported to the House, that their Address of Wednesday lall, tltat His Majesty M ould be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House; Accounts; and also their Addresses of Yesterday, that His Majesty America, would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Estimate therein mentioned might be laid before this House; and also, that such Accounts and Information as have been received, relative to the providing of Fire, Candles, and other Necessaries, for the Troops in North America, wrhich, by an Act, passed in the 5th Year of His Majesty’s Reign, are required to be furnished by the several Provinces respectively; might be laid before this House; hail been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Streets.

A Petition of the Churchwarden, and Overseers of Sf. Botolph the Poor, of that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph, (London) without Aldgale, which lies in the County of Middlesex; and also,of several other Persons u hose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the principal Inhabitants, as

well


7 Geo. III.

23" — 26® Januarii.

<S5

[A

W,

i&i

ft

iji!

well of that Part of the said Parish of St. Botolph, which lies within the County of , as of the

Precinct of the Tower Without,in His Majesty’s Liberty

of the Tower of London, and of several of the Inhabit-

ants of Houses in that Part of a Street, called East

Smitlfield, which lies in the Precinct of Saint Catherine, near the Tower, was presented to the House, and read i Setting forth, That the several Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, Highways, and other Places, within the said Parish, and the Places aforesaid, are not sufficiently repaired, paved, and cleansed, nor are the same properly lighted in the Night Time, nor is the nightly Watch fnificient or properly regulated; and that several Nuisances and Incroachments have been made within and upon the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, to the great Detriment and inconvenience of the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish and Places; and it would be a great Benefit to the Petitioners, and to all others inhabiting or possessed of Lftates within the Limits aforesaid, if the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, Highways, and other Places, were sufficiently paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and a Power granted to abate and remove the present Nuisances and Incroachments, and to prevent the like for the future: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid; in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House Aiall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Beauchamp Sir William Codrington, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Mr.

LuJ'celles, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Gibbons, Mr.

Dison, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Mr. Staunton, Mr.

Ryder, Mr. Buller, Mr. Hayes, Lord Strange, Mr. Bull, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Smith, Lord Sackville,

Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Thrale, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr.

Gore, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Onslow, Lord Clare, Mr. Charles Townshend, Sir Cotton, Mr. Cust, Mr. llenneker, Mr. CliveMr. Mr.

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Crejwell, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Pennant, Sir RogerNewdigate,

Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Onslow, Sir Lionel P/ikington; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of sex, Essex, Kent, Surrey, and Sussex; and for the City

of Lotidon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Edinburgh

Srreett.

hare expended a very large Sum of Money in purchasing Houses and Areas, and upon a Bridge presently building; by which an easy and proper Communication will be open from and to the City, particularly to certain Grounds towards the North*; and mud be put to further and very great Expence, in carrying into Execution the Plan of a new Town; and that the opening a Communication to these Grounds, where there are proper Areas for erecting Buildings, is necessary, as well for the Benefit of Trade and Commerce, as for the Conveniency and Health of the Inhabitants, of late greatly increased; and that, if the Royalty is not extended over those Grounds, the greatest Part of the Inhabitants may be induced to retire to the New Town, and take up their Residence there, from a View of being relieved of the Cess, and other public Burthen? laid upon the Trade and Property of the City, whereby the present City and its remaining Inhabitants must suffer greatly: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for comprehending certain Lands within the Royalty of the City Of Edinburgh, and to give certain Powers to the Magistrates thereof for the Benefit of the said City.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fiune, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

the Lord Advocate, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Mr.

Wynn, Mr. White, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Toionjhend, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Campbell, Lord Clare, Sir John Lindsey, Mr. Drjfon, Mr. Wedderburn, Admiral Keppel, Mr. Whately, Sir Edward Bayntun,

Abdy, Ix>rd Frederick Campbell, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Legh, Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Lord George Sackville; Mr. Vat* fittart, Mr. Smith, Sir Fletcher Norton, Mr. Grenville, Lord Mountftuart, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Sandys, Sir Walter

Blackett, Mr. Drummond;and all the Members who

serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber ,* and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock,

Luna, 26° die J

Anno 7* Georgii IIP8 Regis, 7.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the City of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the City of Edinburgh, the Metropolis of that Part of the United Kingdom, called Ycof/and, is, by reason of its Situation, and Steepness of Ascent, and by the narrow and confined Beckman, took the Oaths appointed, in order to

Avenues leading to the principal Street thereof, ren- their Naturalization.

Prayers.

&OHN RudolphValltravers, and Nicholas Franck

dered of difficult Aceefs, particularly from the North, and the Public have not hitherto beenpoflefled of proper Areas, either for erecting Buildings or opening Streets, or Places of Relort, as well for the Conveniency as Ornament of the City; and that, for Remedy thereof, an Act was niade in the 23d Year of the Reign of his late

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifltie his Warrant to ^££*7 the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act Jiament for the Borough of Tregony in the County of for erecting several public Buildings in the City of Edin- Cornwall, in the room of William Trevanion, jElqu burgh, and to impower the Commissioners, therein deceased. mentioned, to purchase Lands for that Purpose; and

also for widening and enlarging the Streets of the said An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Cna City, and certain Avenues leading the reunto; and that. Two A As, pa/Ted in the 13th Year of King George the pursuant to the Powers vested in the Commissioners First, and the 17th of his late Majesty, for repairing the named in the said Act, the Lord Provost, Magistrates, Road from Cranford Bridge in the and Council, of the said City, after advising with the to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the different Societies, and the most respectable inhabitants. County of Bucks; and for amending the Road from Voi. 31. Slough,

66 a6* Januarii. A. 1767.

Slough, to a certain Place in Eton; and from Langley And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Tonmfhend, Mr.

Broom, to Datchet Bridge, in the County of Bucking- MSir Edmund Sir Mr. ham; was read the Third Time. GMr. Mr. Sir Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Smith, Lord Charles Mr. Harvey, Sir Charles

he, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Hardy, Sir James Mr. Henry, Mr. Earle,

Acts, passed in the 13 th Year of King George the First, Sir Roger Mr. Air.

and the 17th of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road Air. Campbell, Mr. Mr. Dison, Sir Charles

irom Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to Frederick, Sir Charles Mr. Wilbraham, Lord

that End of Maidenhead Bridge vthxchlies in the County Hinchingbrook, Mr. Tucker, A Mr. Waller,

of Bucks; and for amending the Road from Slough, to Air. Herectt. Air. Mr. Lane, Air.

a certain Place in Eton; and from Langley Broom to Air. Harris, Mr. Air. Dorcdejicell, Mr. Ward,

Datchet Bridge, in the County of Buckingham. Air. Whately, Mr. Onglcy, Air. and all the Alem-

Ordered, That Air. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the bers who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cormvall,

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Dorset, and: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Bentham Ordered, That Air. Hewett be added to the Gentle- Chamber; and have Powyr to fend for Persons, Papers,

Moor men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, and Records. n 0 ure* pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Edward Parker, Esquire,.Lord of the Manor of Ingleton, in the Air. Frederick Montagu presented to the House, ac- old

West Riding of the County of York, Robert Larcfon, cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Edmund Foxcroft, Thomas Fenwick, peter WilJbnOver- Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- ^cloture. end, John Sunderland, William Gilifon, Esquires, the mon Pastures, Common Grounds, Lanes, and Waste "Reverend Thomas Butler, Clerk, Rector of Bentham, Grounds, within the Alanor and Parish of Old, other-. John Ciookfon, Doctor of Physick, Perfiday Marfden, wife Wold, in the County of And the

Widow, and the several other Persons whose Names same was received; and read the First Time, are thereunto subscribed, being Owners, Proprietors, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lessees, Possessors of, or otherwise interested in, divers

ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita- Air. Heroctt presented to the House, according to Bentham roents, in the Townships of Ingleton, Bentham, and Order, a Bill for dividing and iiicloling a certain Com- Moor

Burton, in the said West Riding of the said County of mon and Waste Ground, called Bentham within Inclosure*

Yjrrk, and in the Township of Wennington, in the the Alanor of Ingleton, in the West Riding of the County of Lancaster; and, in respect thereof, entitled County of YorkAnd the same was received; and

to Right of Common upon a certain Common, or read the First Time.

Parcel of Waste Grounds, called Bentham Moor, within Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

the said Manor of Ingleton.

A Petition of William Esquire, Lord of the Carlton

Chorley The Lord Strange presented to the House, accord- Alanor of Carlton in Lindrick, in the County of Not- tnclofurt. Inclosure. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several tingham, and the moll considerable Proprietor of Corn-Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Alanor of mon Right Farms, or Tenements, Sheep, and Beast Chorley, in the County Palatine of Lancaftire: And Gates, in Carlton, and the Parish of Carlton aforesaid, ' the same was received; and read the First Time. and of the Honourable and Reverend Gideon Murray,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Doctor in Divinity, Rector of the said Parish, in Right

of his said Rectory, entitled to all Great and Small Stonehouse A Petition of the Right honourable George Lord Tithes whatsoever, to certain Glebe Lands, and several Creek Edgcumbe, and Sir John St. Aubin, Baronet, was pre- Sheep and Beast Gates, within the said Parish; and of Bridge. fente(j the House, and read: Setting forth, That the John White, and Ralph Knight, Esquires, Shuttle-

Ferry over Stonelwufe Creek, leading from Stonehouse, worth, and Marmaduke Metcalfe, Gentlemen, and of the to Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon,which is several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto fub-the direct and nearest Way from the Town of Plymouth, feribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors to the said Dock, is very inconvenient, and, on account «f Lands and Tenements in Carlton aforesaid, was pre-of the Narrowness of the Avenues and Approaches fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That leading to and from the said Ferry ,‘and other Obstruc- there are, within the said Alanor and Parish, several tions, can now be made use oftby Foot Passengers only; Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Stinted and that the building a good and substantial Bridge. Pastures, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, over the said Creek, as well for the safe and commo- 2,542 Acres, or thereabouts; which, in their present dious Passage of Persons on Foot, as of Carts, Waggons, Situation, cannot be properly improved; but, if -

and other Carriages, and the opening of proper and con- closed and divided, would be of great Advantage to venient Avenues and Roads to such Bridge, from the the several Persons interested therein, and also to the said Town and Dock, would open a. much shorter and Public; And therefore praying. That Leave may be more easy Communication between the said Town and given to bring in a Bill lor those Purposes, under such Dock, and Stonelwufe, aforesaid; and that the Petiti- Regulations as to the House shall seem requisite.

oners are Owners and Proprietors, as Tenants in com- Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the mon, of the said Ferry, and are willing and delirous, at Table.

, 7 their joint and, equal Expence, to build aCarriage Bridge

over the said Creek, at or near the said Ferry, and make Air. reported from the Committee, to whom WWcetter

andopen properand convenient Roads and Avenues to the Bill for continuing, altering, and amending. Two Roa«s.

The fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be Acts of Parliament, of the Twelfth of King George the given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge at or near First, and of the Tenth of ids late Majesty, for the said Ferry, for enabling the Petitioners to make and ing several Roads leading into the City of and

open proper and convenient Roads and Avenues to the for amending several other Roads near or adjoining fame, and for granting to them such reasonable Tolls thereto; was committed; That the Committee had con-in respect thereof; in such Manner, and under such Re- fidered the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff; gulations, as to the House shall seem meet. Town Clerk, and several Capital Citizens of the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Worcester, of the Body of the Twenty-four, and likewise Consideration of a Committee; And that they do exa- of divers Inhabitants of the said City, whose Names are mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it thereunto subscribed, to them referred; and had exa-shall appear to them, to the House: mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same " 17 to

RadnorO:ire

Road*.

Chellertcm

Iucloiurc.

Ancholm*

Draiuage.

ScamMcfby

Iaclosure

7 Geo. III.

6° Janu

67

to be true; and that the Committee hud gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that some other Amendments are nceeflary to be made to the said Bill;

Rcjblved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Rc/ohcd, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Lewispresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for amending, repairing, and widening several Roads in the Counties of Ra and Hereford, s

And the same was received; and read the FirltTime.

Refo/vcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Padures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lauds, lying within the Manor of in the County of Oxford, Was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Alderman Bec Mr. Morton, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Fonncreau, Sir James Dafhicood, Lord Clare, Mr. Toxcnf'iend, Mr. Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Shiftier, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Sir Roger Nexodigate, Mr. H'nl/h, Mr. Weddell, Sir Charles llardy,

Mr. Whately, Mr. Dundas, Mr. IIerven, Mr. Wilbra-

ham, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Bootle, Lord Strange, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Mr. Darker, Mr.

Vane, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Gibbons, Lord Hinchingbrock, Mr. GaJ'coyne, Sir Edmund Mr.

Luxorence, Mr. Lozondes, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Ridley s

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Bucks, Berks, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, in the Level o ( Anchin the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That manyThoufand Acres of I>and, within the said Level, have several Years been almoftentirely under Water for great. Part of the Year, to the Lois of the Proprietors, and Detriment of the Public; and that the said Lands may be effectually drained; and a Navigation from the Humber, to Glatford Brigg, and to BishopBrigg, in the said County, made, to the great -

Advantage of the Land Owners and Promotion of Commerce: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Bertie, Sir

JarritSmith, Mr. Cujt, Mr Gore, Mr. Fuller, Mr

Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Fonncreau, Mr. Lascelles, Mr.

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Montagu, Mr. ler, Mr. JLozctides, Sir Charles Mr.

zotll, Mr. Wa'Jh, Mr. Scudamore, Sir William Meredith,

Mr. Darker, Mr. Edmonjtone, Mr. Coutts, Lord George Sackville, Lord Burghcish, Colonel Mr. Dtfon,

Mr. Jackson, Mr. Clive, Mr. Lcg/t, Sir Richard

fylde, Mr. Mackie, Mr. GrojAir. Grey,

Colonel Amherst, Mr. Bindley;and all the Members

who serve for the Counties of LDerby, Nottingham, York, and Leiccsler: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to' fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

of Scamblcfly, in the County of Lwas presented

to the lloulc, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Commonable Places know n by the Name of The East Field, The West Field, The Fuji Oc Pujiurc,

The West Ox Pasure, and The lugs, lying within the said Manor and Parish, which belong to the Petitioners, and others; and that the Property in the said Fields,

Pastures, and Ings, is dispersed and inconveniently situated; and if the said Lands were divided, and spe-ciste Shares allotted, to the Persons iriterefied therein, according their respective Intcreil, such Division and Allotment will be very advantageous to them; but the same cannot be effetted without the Aid of Parliament:

And therefore praying. That I-eave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant. to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brozcntow Bertie and Mr. Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Charles Crowle, Esquire, Lord of Wootton the Manor of Wootton, in the County of and htdofure.

Impropriator of the Great Tythes of Wfutton aforesaid, and also Patron of the Vioarage of the Parish Church of Wootton aforesaid, and a Proprietor of several Lands and Tenements in Ihe Parish of Wootton aforesaid,

William Jackson, Vicar of the said Parish Church, and of Sir Roxolatid Wynn, Baronet, Charles Pel-

ham, Esquire, a Minor, by Charles Anderson, ElYjuire, his Guardian, John Uppleby,the elder, John Uppleby, the

younger, William Markham, Christopher Day, Thomas Harrison, Robot Thompson, Martha Haxvorth, John Shepherd, William Munday, Ann Dixon, and Catharine Nettleship, Widows, remaining Proprietors of Lands within the Parish of Wootton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Open and Uninclosed Parcels of Arable or Pasture Ground, called

Wootton Fields, and One other Uninclosed Parcel ot Pasture and Furze Ground, called The Wold, or Conv-mon, containing in the Whole, by Eltimatiou, 3,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands lie intermixed, and in their present Situation are incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Lincoln, and of several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands, within the Manor and Parish Vol. 31.

may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing of the Common Fields, Wold, or Common, in the said Parish of Wootton, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Broxonlozv Bertie and Mr. Hezoett, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town or Borough of Kingston upon And also,

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed-,authorized for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town ston upon Hull, to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town of Kirk E/la, in the County of the said Town of Kingston

: Were fererally presented to the 1 and read;

Setting forth, That several Sums of Money, (amounting together to the Sum of 2,025) have been borrowed upon the Credit of the said All; which, together with the Toils col It vied by virtue thereof, have been duly applied for the Repair of the said Road from Kingston upon Hull to Anlaby, which hath been very well

but, byreason of the great Expenses attending the Repair thereof, no Parti of the Money so borrowed could be spared for the Repair the several Roads leading from Anlaby to Kirk Ellaf and to Mares Gate, inStain the fame

Kl Hgtlon upon Htlll Bond. Ditto.

68

2 6° Januariu

A. 1767*

same County, as the said Act directs, in case the to the Borough of Ripofi aforesaid, and such other Money to arise from the Tolls thereby granted Works as may be necessary for that Purpose, under should be more than sufficient to put the said such Regulations, and with such Powers and Provisions,

as to the House shall seem meet.

OrThat the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Burrell, Mr.

first-mentioned Road in good Repair, and to pay off the Money which should be borrowed on the said Tolls; and that the several Sums of Money borrowed as aforesaid are all remaining due and unpaid, with some Arrears of Interest, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road,

amended as aforesaid, be kept in sufficient Re- Fuller, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Mr. Sir

pair: and the other Roads above mentioned (which are become very founderous) cannot be repaired, unless the 1 erm of the said Act be further continued, and the said Act, in some In-Ranees, made more effectual: And therefore

BMr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Mr.

F Mr. Adams, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Bootle, Mr. LMr. George Sutton, Mr. W,ha felt/,

Mr. Mr. Tucker, Mr. Brudenell, Sir

fe Mr. Mr. Lord Strange, Mr. praying. That Leave may be given to bring in W Sir Fletcher Norton, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Butler, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging Mr. Harvey, Mr. Campbell, Lord Barrington, Mr. the Powers, of the said Act, for the Purposes nereau, Mr. Mr. LaJ'celles, Mr. Sir

aforesaid, as to the House shall seem meet-. Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir George Mr. Waller,

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to Mr. Vernon, Lord Mr. Aufrerc, Mr. Earle, Mr.

be referred to the Consideration of aCommittee: Poivell, Mr. Grosvenor, M Mr.

And they are to examine the Matter thereof; Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Vane, Mr. Shaft0, Mr.

and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mr. White, Colonel Barre,

to the House: Mr. Bagot, Mr. Curzon, Lord North, Mr. Walter, Mr.

And they are referred to Mr. Weddell, Mr. Fonne- Coventry, Mr. Rafhleigh, Mr. Harris, Mr. reau. Sir Charles Hardy, Sir John Lindsey, Colonel Garth, Mr. Jenkinson , and all the Members who serve Fitxroy, Sir George Colebrooke, Sir Charles Saunders, for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Lincoln, Dur-Sir William Meredith, Mr. Buller, Lord Robert Bertie,ham, Northumberland, Cumberland, and

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Robert Manners, L: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Kynaston, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Dundas, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Luther, Sir Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, and all

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Norris, Mr. Lafcclles, Sir who come are to have Voices.

Fletcher Norton, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Whately, Mr. Gcf-coyne, Mr. Legh, Mr. Holt, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Walter, Sir Richard Ba> Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Touchett, Mr. Morton, Mr. Rafhleigh, Mr. Edmonfione, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Burrell, Mr. He Grey, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Darker, Mr. Pennants and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Lincoln, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Mine Adven- °"ze turers, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and others, of the Nav'£alwu* North Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Tradesmen, of the Borough of North Allerton, and others, of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And all’o,

A Petition of the several Merchants, and others, of

Ditto.

Ditto.

in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon

Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ou*e A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Navigatfon> Tradesmen, of the Borough of Ripon, and others, of the West Aiding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by virtue and in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of York; and of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for rendering more effectual the said Act; the Navigation of the said River hath been Unproved to the City of York, and several Parts of the said County, and is of great Use to the Public; and that, by improving and extending the Navigation of the said River, and of the River where the lame

are adapted for that Purpose, and in other Places, by

Hull, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing several Advantages which would attend the improving and extending the Navigation up the Rivers Ouze and Ure, from the City of York to the Borough of Ripon, in the County of York: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for improving and extending the said Navigation up the said Rivers, to the Borough o aforesaid, under

such Regulations, and with such Powers and Provisions, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the lait preceding Petition is referred.

A Petition of the Proprietors of Estates, Merchants, Manufacturers, Mine Adventurers, Tradesmen, and others, interested in the Navigation of the River Swale,

Ditto.

making navigable Cuts, or Canals, to the Borough of in the County of York, was also presented to the House, Ripon, in the said County, a more safe and expeditious and read; Setting forth. That the River is in

Communication will be opened up and down the said some Seasons navigable to the Town of and

Rivers and Canals, from and to the Cities of London capable of being made navigable to Morton Bridge, and York, the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and other for Keels, Lighters, Boats, and other Vessels; and also, Parts of this Kingdom; and that the said Navigation that the Brook running from Bedale, into the River may be improved, extended, and made effectual, for Swale, and falling into the same about One Mile below the Sum of£. 14,000, which several of the Petitioners, Morton Bridge, is capable of being made navigable in and others, have agreed to advance and lend upon like Manner from Bedale aforesaid to the said River; the Credit of the Tolls and Duties to be raised upon and that such Navigation along the River Swale, and the said Navigation, upon Interest, at the Rate of Brook aforesaid, will greatly improve Landed inte-Five Pounds per Centum per Annum: And therefore rest, arid advance the Commerce and Trade of all Places praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill near the said River, and Will be convenient for the Car-for improving and extending the Navigation of the said riage of Goods, W ares, and Merchandizes, ana will be Rivers, and for making toch navigable Cuts,or Canals, of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave

Ditto.

Lenfon

and

Radford

Inclosure.

Shields

Market

and

Fairs.

p




r

7 Geo. III.

26" Janu

69

may be given to bring in a Bill for improving and making more navigable the River ,from ton Jugs, to Topcliffe, and navigable from to

Morton Bridge, and for making the said Brook navigable from the River Swale to Bedale.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Freeholders, and others, of the North Riding in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto l’ubscribed, was all'opresented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Brook , which runs

through the Borough of TUirJk, and joins the Sivale a little below Topcliffe,may, at a moderate Expence, be

made navigable to the said Borough, and be of great Benefit to it and the Country in general: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made for the Brook Codbeck, in the Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Ouze, and making the River Sioale and the Brook Lem ing nav igable, under such Conditions as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen and Tradesmen of the Borough of Ripon, and others of the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, is referred: And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions j arid report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor, the Vicar,

Successors, Curate of the said Chapel, for the Time being, a Yearly Sum, fully adequate to the Value of the said Piece of Ground; but although the Lord Bishop of Durham, the proper Ordinary in this Behalf, and the said Samuel Dennis, are fully satisfied with the Terms of the said Proposition, yet the said Ground cannot be absolutely vested in the Petitioners and their Successors, and they enabled to hold the said Markets

and Fairs within the same, and to grant Building Leases of any Part or Parts thereof, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in the Petitioners, and their Successors, the said Piece of Ground, and to enable them fully to efl’ettuate the aforesaid other Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vane and Mr. do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

The Lord Hinchingbrook presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Grounds, and also the Marsh and Fenny Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of,

in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Arthur, Spinster, Cornelius vin, Esquire, Marmaduke Esquire, John Hat-

field, Esquire, James Stovin, Gentleman, and of other rind Freeholders, of Lenton and Radford, in the County Persons, being Owners of Lands and other Properties of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; in the several Townships of Adlingjlcet,

Setting forth. That the Open Fields, Meadows, Com- , Eajtoft, Onsfieet, and in the West Rid-

mon Failures, and Commonable Lands, in the Town- ing of the County of York, was presented to the House, ships of Lentdn and Radford aforesaid, are greatly in- and read; Setting forth. That there are within the terfperfed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situa- said Townships divers low Commons, or Wastes and tion, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and Moors, and other low inclosed Lands or Grounds, conit would be of great Advantage to the Persons inte- taining in the Whole 4000 Acres, or thereabouts, which relied therein to have the same inclosed: And there- are subject to be overflowed with Water*; and that it fore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a would be not only of public Utility, but also very ad- Bill for dividing and inclosing the fame, as to the vantageous to the Parties interested in the said Com-House shall seem meet. mons, Waites, and Moors, Lands, and Grounds, if the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill same were properly embanked and drained: And there-pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that fore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Mr. Hewett and Mr. P lump t re do prepare, and bring Bill for the Purposes above mentioned, under such in, the fame. Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of Durham, of Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-the Cathedral Church of Christ and BleJJed Mary the mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Virgin, was presented to the House, and read; Setting shall appear to them, to the House: forth. That the Petitioners, in Right of their said And it is referred to Mr. Hezoett, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Church, are seised, to them and their Successors, of Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Edmouftone,

the Manor of Westo, in the Parish of Jarroe, in the Sir Joseph Marvbey, Sir William Meredith, Mr.

County Palatine and Diocese of Durham, and, in the Mr. Campbell, Mr. White, Admiral Frankland, Mr* Right aforesaid, are Patrons of the Chapel oiSaint Hilds, , Mr Sir Charles Frederick, Mr.

within the said Parish; and that the Town of South Vernon, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Fonnereau, Shielils,in the said County Palatine, is within and Par- Mr. Earle, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. cel of the said Manor of Weflo, and the Petitioners are Lord Strange, Mr. Lord Coleraine, Sir John

entitled to hold a Weekly Market, and Two Annual Gibbons, Sir Hardy, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Butler,

Fairs within the same Town; and that the said Towm Mr. Paterfm, Mr. Whately, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Dyfon, confills of One Street only, extending in Length One Mr. Lowndes, Mr Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr.

Mile and an Half along the South Side of the River Seymour, Sir Edmund Mr. Mellijk, Mr. Pratt,

Tyne, near the Mouth or Entrance thereof; which Mr. Mr.; and all the Members who

Street, from itsNarrowness, is not only very improper serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Lincoln, and inconvenient for the Purpose of holding the said Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland,

Markets and Fairs, but the Passage through the same and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, may and will be much obstructed; and that Samuel at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber; and Dennis, Clerk, is the present Curate of the said Chapel have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, of Saint Ililils, and as such is entit|ed to a certain Piece

Yaxley

Inclosure*

Adfingfleet

Drainage*

,!i

of Ground, containing Eight Acres or thereabouts, lying contiguous to the said Town of South Shields, and situate near to the Centre thereof, which would

A Bill for naturalizing John Rodolph was Valltraven*

read a Second Time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shiffner,

not only be a convenient Place for holding the said Mr. Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Burrell,

Market and Fairs, but prevent the aforesaid Obstruc- Mr. Bull, Mr. Toumjhend, Mr. Gore, S\tArmine -tions in the said Street; and that the Petitioners have house, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Dowdeswell, Lord Clare, Mr. proposed to pay to the said Samuel Dennis, and his Montagu, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Lowndes, Mr, Harris, Mr. 4 Vo l.31. T Wilson,

Daftiwood’s

Mates*

Accounts ordered; Navy.

Accounts ordered; Expons*

Supply.

70 26* — 27 0 JanuariL 1767.

Wilson, Sir Jarrit Smith, Lord Brownlow , Colonel Howe, Mr. Edmonfione, Sir William Lord Hoive, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Dyjim, Mr. Pat erf on, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Legh, Mr. Mr. Ryder,

Mr. Wynne, Mr. Vane, Mr. Byde, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Waller, Mr.

Mr. Waljh, Sir Roger Neivdiga/e, Mr. Tovchet: Anti

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Samuel Dash-wood, Esquire, in Trustees, for raising Money to pay Debts and Incumbrances, and for providing an Equivalent or Compensation for the fame, to the Issue inheritable under his Marriage Settlement; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the several Funds, establ idled for the Relief of the poor Widows of the Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy; and the Application thereof, from the 31st of May 1750 to the 31st of May 1766; distinguishing the Produce of each Fund and each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Number of the Widows of the Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, who wrere and are now entitled to Rel ief from any of the Funds established for that Purpose, with the Rank of their late Husbands; and what has been paid to each Widow, from the 31st of May 1750 to the 31st of May 1766; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of different Sorts of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from Great Britain to the East Indies, from Christmas 1754 to Christmas 1766, with the Amount of their Value; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account ef all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from Great Britain* on which a Bounty or Drawback has been paid, from Christmas 1754 to Christmas 1766; distinguishing each Year.

Allowances to Widows of Officers who have died on Halt-pay, for the Year 1767, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Eilimate of the Charge of Halfpay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1767, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Eilimate of the Charge of Full Pay, lor 365 Days, for the Year 1767, to Officers reduced, with the Tenth Company of several Battalions, reduced from Ten to Nine Companies, and who remained on Half-pay at the 24th 1765, be

refold to the said Committee.

G rile red, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines who died on the Ellabliffiment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716, with an Eilimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1767, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Eilimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1767, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Papers, transmitted by Major General Gage, Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Forces in North America, which were presented to the House upon Tuesday lait by His Majesty’s Command, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1767, Laud Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to qonfider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Eilimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, from 25th December 1766 to 24th December 1767, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th December 1766 to the 24th 1767, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1767, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay, between the British and Establishment of Six Regiments of Foot, serving in the Ijle of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the ceded lllands, for 365 Days, from 25th of December 1766 to 24th December 1767, both Days inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Oi dered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the 811(1 Means* whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mar tit* 2 70 die 'Januarii \

Anno 70 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

A Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names are Grantham, thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Exe- &c. cution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-second Roads.

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the

Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through Bottesford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent

Bridge; and from ChappetBar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the

Town

Da (h wood’s £states.

7 Geo. III.

'if Januarit.

Town of Derby;and from the Guide Toft, in the Parish

of Lent on, to iS'owlet/Ferry; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of the said Act, the Petitioners have borrowed, upon the Credit of the Tolls, collected and to be collected, between Grantham and Nottingham Trent , being the First Dilirict of the said Roads, the Sum of^.9,450, and have applied the same to the several Purposes therein directed, and that, by the said Act, the l'everal Townships or Hamlets of Hick ley, Kinvlton, and

Baffict, are exempted from Payment of any Toll whatsoever, between the Welt Side of Lane, and the Town of Nottingham, upon Payment of Ten ShillingsYearly, as a Composition for each respectiveTown-ship or Hamlet, whereby the Tolls collected upon the Find District.of the said Roads are greatly diminished; and that the said Tolls chiefly arise from Carriages travelling for Coal, which, by Reason of the Openness of the Country, frequently evade the Turnpikes upon the said Road, by going along a Bye Road from Bingham, over divers Ferries or Fords over the River Trent; and for as much as the Tolls are fixed at very low Rates, considering the Extent of the Road, and the same not being likely to produce Money near sufficient to discharge the said Debt, with the Interest thereof, within the Time in the said Act limited, the Petitioners apprehend there is a manifell Necessity that the Tolls to be collected between Grantham and Nottingham Trent Bridge should be augmented, the said Exemptions taken off, and that a Branch from the said Road should be extended from the Town of Bingham, to the East End of a Lane leading from LotvdJiam, to in the said County of Nottingham; and that another Branch from the said Road should be extended from the Eall End of Radcliffe Field, to Ferry, in the said County of Nottingham;which Roads are very

ruinous and incommodious for Travellers, and cannot effectually be repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Methods appointed by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for taking oft’ the Exemptions above specified, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as the same relates to the said District of Roads between Grantham and Nottingham Trent Bridge, and for amending and making the same more eft'eftual; and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Bingham, to the Eall End of the said Lane, leading from Lowdhatn to Bulcoate;and from the East End of

Badcliffe Field to Stoake Ferry; and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Sutton, Mr. Hewett, Sir William Beauchamp Profit or, Mr. Ofioald, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Darker, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Pitt, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr.

Thurloiv, Mr. Gascoync, Mr. General Mostyn,

Mr. Jackson, Mr. Gilbert, Lord Coleraine, Lord Orwell,

Sir Brands Vincent, Mr Staunton, Mr. Hayes, Lord

George Sackville, Lord Granby, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Plumptre,

Mr. Whately, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Coutts, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Yorke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, Derby, Leicef- ter, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Third Year of His present MajestyJs Reign, intituled, "An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Samuel " Dashwood, Esquire, in Trustees for raising Money to " pay Debts and Incumbrances, and for providing an Vox.. 31.

Equivalent or Compensation for the fame, to the " Ifl'ue inheritable under his Marriage Settlement," was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Shiffner reported from the Committee, to whom Valltravm the Bill for naturalizing John Rudolph was

committed, That (the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of Samuel Clarke, Esquire, Lord of the Cofbr Manor, and Patron of the Vicarage of Cojby, in the Lcloiur*. County of Leicester, and a Proprietor of Land, and Right of Common, in the Open Fields and Commonable Places in Cojby aforesaid, and Littlethorpe, in the Parish of Cojby, and of Daniel Iliffi, Clerk, Vicar of the Vicarage of Cojby aforesaid, and all’o of Samuel Hey rick, and John Armston, Senior, Gentlemen, and others, Proprietors of Land, and Right of Common, in the said Fields and Commonable Places, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Persons interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners, and of the other Proprietors in the said Fields, lie greatly intermixed and dif-perfect, and it would be advantageous to all the Proprietors to have the saidFields and Commonable Places divided and inclosed; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields and Commonable Places, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Darker and Sir Joseph Maivbey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Lords Of the Manor of Tht Leigh

in the Parish of Ashen Keynes, in the County of Wilts, Inclosure, and of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders, or otherwise interested in Estates within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor, several Commons or Waste Lands, and a Common Field, and Part of a Common Mead, which, in their present Condition, are not of such Advantage as they would be of, if the same were inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as,to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Sandys and Mr. Bull do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Richard Bennet, Esquire, was pre- Bennet’i fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Name. Richard CoJJin, Esquire, deceased, by his Will gave and devised to his Nephew Robert Bennet, and his Heirs Male, divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Devon, and elsewhere, with Remainder to the Petitioner, and his Heirs Male, as in the said Will is mentioned, with divers Remainders over; and the said Testator did, by his laid Will, direct that the said Robert Bennet, and the Petitioner, as they should severally become possessed of the said Estates, should take and ul’e the Surname of Coffin only, and bear his Coats of Arms, and Ensigns of his Family; and that the Petitioner, by virtue of the Limitations contained in the said Will, is become possessed of the said Estates, and is desirous to comply with the directions in the said Testator’s Will, and that he and his Ifl’ue may take upon himself, and themselves, the Surname of Coffin , and also bear

iff Januarii.

7 2

the Amis of the said Richard Coffin, by Authority of Tawnjhend, Mr. Harris, Mr. Burt, Mr. Mr.

A. 1767.

Farndon

Inclosure.

Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him and his Itftie to take and use the Surname of Coffin only, and to bear the Arms of the said Richard Coffin, Esquire, de-cealbd.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bull, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Reverend Robert Loch, Clerk, Vicar of the Church of Farndon,in the County of Nottingham, and of several of the Land Owners, and Persons interested in the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Farndon aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the said Parish,"which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, so that the same are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and Lands allotted in lieu of Tythes, it would tend to the great Benefit and Advantage of the Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.'

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hcicett, Sir William Beauchamp and Mr.

Darker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Paterson, Mr. Fane, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Jlarva/, Mr. Hervey, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Pitt, Mr. IF eff, Mr. Mr. Mon-

tagu, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Doicdcfzcell, Mr. Cater aft, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Edward Bayntun; and all the Mem-

bers who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at. Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for naturalizing Nicholas Francis Beckman, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Darker, Mr. Mr.

fvn, Sir John Cibbons, Mr. Ryder, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Oiigley, Mr Mr. Wilson, Sir Joseph Mazvbey, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Waljh, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Suiivan, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Bull,

Mr. ItetL -eft, Mr. Bond, Sir William BeauchampProftor, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Lezcis, Mr. Sir Richard

Bampfylde, Lord Orzvell, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Whately, Mr. Harris, Mr. Burt, Kir. Sandys: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bishop

Soil

Drainage,

&c.

A Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads leadingvfrom the Brick Kilns on East Mailing Heath, in the County of to Water-in the Pari Hi of Wateringbury, in the said County; and from thence to Brand Bridges, in the Parish of in the said County; and from

Brand Bridges to the Turnpike Road onPemburyGreen, in the County of York, -was presented to the House' leading from to Tunbridge; and also from

and read; Setting forth. That there within the said Brand Bridges to the Blacksmith’s Forge, at the Four several Parishes, a Common, or Parcel of Walie Ground, Jf'cnts, near Mat field Green, in the Parish of Brenchley, called Bishop Soil, containing 4600 Acres, or there- in the said County; are in a very niinous and founder-abouts, whereon the Owners and Proprietors of divers ous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary

A Petition of those whose Names are thereunder written. O whers and Proprietors of divers ancient Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, Lands, and Tenements, in the several Parishes of Hozoden, and Blacktoft,

ancient Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, Lands, and Tenements, within the several Townships, Villages, or Hamlets, of Hoivden, Barmby, Affel Barnhill,

Hall Booth, Skelton, Sandhalt, Sallmarsh,

Metham, Yokefleet, Laxton, East Linton, West Linton,

Balkholme, Dun Coats, Belby, Thorpe, Rilpin, and Part bury, East Peckham, Yalding, Tudely, Capell,

of Newland,in the Parish of aforesaid, and in

the several Townships, Villages, or Hamlets, of East Rington, Partington, Burland, Cavil, Oiofthorp,

Sandholme, Gilberdike, Bennetland, Greenoak, Bellajize, and Part of Nezdand, in the Parish of Eastringlon afore-faifl; and in the several Townships, Villages, or Hamlets, of East Blacktoft, West Blacktoft, Staddlethorpe,

Brenchley, and Pembury; and also the Road leading (com Brand Bridges aforesaid, to the Blacksmith’s Forge, at the Four Waits, near Matfield Green aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meeti

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

Beckman’s

Nat.

Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Road leading from the said Brick Kilns on East Mailing Heath, to the Turnpike Road on Pembury Green aforesaid, through the Parishes of Watering-

Clementhorpe, Scalby, Netofon, Thornton-house, Thorn- shall appear to them, to the House:

ion-land, and Gozvthrop, in the Parish of Blacktoft aforesaid, have Right of Common of Palture for all theic Cattle, and Common of Turbary; and that several Parts are overflowed with Water; and that the said Common, if properly embanked and drained, is capable of great Improvement; and, if divided and inclosed, and speciiic Shares thereof allotted to, and vetted in the several Persons in tore fled therein, would be of great Advantage to the said several Persons interested therein, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the embanking, draining, dividing, and inclosing, the said Common.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr HSir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Bond, Mr, Ongley, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. PrcJ'cott, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Edmonjldne,

Mr. West, Sir Richard Bampfylde, Mr. Shiffner, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Craufurd, Mr. Staunton, Sir Joseph

And it is referred to Mr. Fuller, Mr. Hewett, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Sir

Dashwood, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Montagu, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Rn/hout, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Gore, Mr. JFedderMr. Toxonfhend, Mr Plummer, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Darker, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Sandys, Sir Gibbons, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Onflozc, Lord Coleraine,

Mr. Paterson, Mr. Waller, Sir Joseph Sir'

Robert Long; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex, Surrey, and and for the City of London, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

tf!*

IflJ

Uix-

ftu-l

Mailing

He-athj

&c.

Road*

A Petition of the Right honourable Richard Earl of SOne of the Proprietors of Lands and other Property within the Parish and Town of East Bark-wilh, in the County of Lincoln, of George,

Muwbcy, Mr, Whately, Lord Orwell, Mr, Bagot, "Mr. Esquire, Lord of the Manor of East Bark with, Dixon

Storey,

Bast

Barkwiih

Inclosure.

7 Geo. Ilf. If Jatiuariu 73

Storey, Clerk, Itoclor of the iWidi Chlirch of East Barkwilhaforesaid, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors bf Lands, and other Property, within the said Parish and Town of Eafi Uarkii'ith, was presented to the Hotlfe, and read 5 Setting forth, That there are* within the said Manor and Parish, several Open and Common Tields, and Meadowy, known by the Name of The East and H eft Fields and Meadows; the Whole con-lifting of about 1,200 Acres; and that it Would be of great Advantage to all Parties concerned if the same were inclosed and divided amongst the several Persons having Interest therein, according to their respective Lights, Interests, and Properties: And therefore pray* ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet,

Ordered', 'Chat Leave be given to bring in a Bill} pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Broumlow Bertie and Mr. Heioctt do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Tybum A Petition of several of the Tnillees for putting in «»<i Execution Three Acts of Parliament, passed in the First

Rod* and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King George the 4‘ First, and the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Highways between Tybutn and Uxbin the County of

dlesex sand for amending the Road leading from Breiit Bridge, over Hamcell H, through the Parishes of

Hartwell, New Brentford, and , to the great

Wdtero Road, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have from time to time proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof; but find the said koads cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and rendered commodious to Passengers, unless the Term granted by the said Act is further continued, the Tolls thereby granted increased, and the Powers thereof are altered and enlarged; and that by reason of the Contiguity of the said Roads to the Cities of London and Westminster. Robberies, Outrages, ami Violences, are frequently committed thereon, which the Petitioners apprehend may in a great measure be prevented if such Parts of the said Roads as lie nearest to London were projierly lighted and watched in the Night Time; and that it would be a great Convenience to all Persons travelling the said Roads, in the Summer Season, it' the said Roads were properly watered: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring iu a Bill to continue the Term, increase the Tolls, and alter and enlarge the Powers of the said Acts, and for lighting, watching, artd watering the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it 41ia1l appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Beauchamp Proflor, Mr. Totvnfhend, Mr. Fuller, Sir Smith, Mr.

Wynn, Mr. Plummer, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Way, Mr. Coventry, Mr. White, Lord North, Mr.

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Conwathe Lord Advocate, Mr. LafcelLes, Mr. Caleraft, Mr.

Mr. PraH, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Mr.

eoyne, Mr. Paterjon, Mr. Henry, Mr. Clive, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Jlezcett, Sir Jofrph More bey, Mr.

Mr. Jo/clt Parker, Mr. SMr. Bull, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Sandys, Mr Mr. Sey-

mour, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Morant, Mr. Mr. Loundes, Mr.

Campbell, Lord Onvell;and all the Members who serve for the Comities of Bucks, Berks, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vol. 31.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are London thereunto subscribed, Lightermen and Dealers in Coals within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, °®ce* and at the several Wharfsfituate between the Tower of London and Limetunfe Hole-, in the County of dlesex, in Behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Frauds are frequently committed by many Persons in suimeasuring Coals for Sale within the said City and Liberties, to the very great Scandal of the fair Traders, and Lois to the Buyers; and that the Petitiouers observe, by the Votes of the House} that Application is made to Parliament for ellabl idling an Office for regulating the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure within the said City and Liberties, and the said Wharfs lituate between the Tower of London and LlmehouseIJole; which, the Petitioners apprehend} will, if put under proper Regulations} be a Security to the Reputation of the fair Dealer, and prevent impositions upon the Consumer: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Conlkleration, dud do therein as shall appear requisite;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Evans, of the City of Londonj Coal Merchant, is referred.

A Petition of the Noblemen and Gentlemen of the Ayr County of Ayr, subscribing, in the Behalf of themselves} Road*, and others, was presented to the House} and read;

Setting forth} That the principal Roads of the said County of Ayr, by reason of the Deepncfs of the Soil in some Places} and the Narrowness and ltiiggedness in others, are in many Parts become impall'able in Winter for Wheel Carriages and Horses, and very dangerous for Travellers; and that several Bridges are wanted upon the said Roads, and others already built are in a ruinous Condition; and that the said Roads and Bridges cannot, by the ordinary Met hods appointed by the Lavs now in being, be effectually amended, enlarged, and from time to time kept in proper Repair: And therefore praying the House to take the!

Petition into Consideration, and grant such Relief in the Premises as lha.ll seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. CraufMr. Thurlow, Sir Joseph Mawiiey, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Gilbert, Mr. JackJbrt, Sir Edu ard Winningtom, Mr.

Drummond, Mr. Barne, Lord Coleraine, Sir William BeauchampProttor, Lord Strange, Mr. Morton, Colonel Barre, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lascelles, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Holt, Mr. Hair is, Mr. Onglcy, Mr.

Grey, Ix>rd Frederick Campbell, Mr. Parker, Mr* maurice, Mr. Fuller, Lord Orwell, Mr.

Mr Harley, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Bootle, Mr.

Hunt, Admiral Keppel, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Dyfon, Lord Advocate; fold all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers New Street, granted by an Act, passed in the 22d Year of his late go()the^ar^) Majesty King George the Second, for opening and ' Roads* making a new' Road, from the Kali End

in the Parish of Saint John, Southzcark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future; and for repair-, ing several other Roads adjoining thereto; was read the Third Time.

B(jolt ed, That the BUI do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Terra and Po wers granted by an Act, passed in the 22d Y’oar of his late Majesty King George the Second, for opening and making a new Road from the Loll End of NczcStreet, in the Parish

U «f

74

if Januarii.

A. 1767.

oi Sami John, Soutlncark, to and through the several Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the said Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Hoad in Repair for the future; and for repairing several and Records, other Roads adjoining thereto.

Broyle

Bark

Inclosure.

Ordered, That Sir Francis do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and dclire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mod noble Charles Duke of Dorset, Lord of the Manor of Beadlewick 0 in

the County of Suffer, and of the Freehold and Copyhold

Tenants of the said Manor, and others, having or being entitled to Right of Common, and other Privileges, in, upon, or out of, the Broyle , in the Parishes of Riygmer and Framfield,in the said County, whole

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the said Manor, a certain Park, or Common, called The Broyle Park, reputed to contain Two Thou land Acres, or thereabouts; which is at prelbnt inclosed round on thcOutlide; hut as the Tenants of the said Manor, and others, have Right of Common and other Privileges therein, the same cannot be set out into Fields, and in-.closed withinlide, and in its present State yields very little Profit; and that the dividing the said Park or Common into separate Fields, or Parcels, in order to be inclosed, and allotting the same to the several Persons interfiled therein, in lieu of and in proportion to, their several Eltates and Interests, would be a great Advantage to them, and an Improvement to their laid EJtafes and Interests; And therefore praying. That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Kell nations, as to the House llrnll seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Sackville, Mr. Fuller, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in the fame.

Bromley

and

Farnborough

Roads.

Sandford

Inclosure,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Counties of Kent and Suffer,was presented to the House, and read; Set-

ting forth, That the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley and Farnborough, through the Pu-rilhcs of Cudliam, Wefierham, and Eaton Bridge, in

the County of Kent, and llurin the County of Suffer,to Beggars Bit/h,in the Turnpike Road leading from Tonbridge Wells,through Groombriin the said County of Kent, to Maresfield,in the County of Suffer,

are in many Places in a very ruinous Condition, and other Parts thereof arc very narrow, incommodious, and dangerous to Travellers; and the said Road cannot be amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; And therefore praying. That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for repairing, w idening, and keeping in good Repair, the said Road, under such Regulations as to the lloui’e shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the C’onfiderat ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Mr.

Fuller, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Fane, Colonel Amherst, Sir P terry Brett, Lord Strange, Mr. Mr. West,

Lord Clare, Mr. Fitzherbert, Lord Bertie, Mr. Dot cdejivell, Lord Jloice, Mr. Mr. Yorke,

Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Bootle, Mr. llayes. Lord Coleraine,

Lord Pigot, Mr. Bull, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Mr.

l)c Grey, Mr. Weddcrburn, Mr. Dyfon, Sir Edu ard Bayntun, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Mr. James

Sir James Du/hwoodreported from the Committee, Kencott to whom the Bill lor dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. Common Fields, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Kernott, in the County of was

committed, Tlmi the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be tray; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read (he Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qucliion l’everally put thereupon, were agreed to by the 1 Joule.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of SandJ'urd, in the County oiOrford, w as read a Second

rp. *

I line.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Da/hwood, Sir JoJtph Man bey, Lord Charles

Mr. Earle, Ml’. Ru/hout, Mr. GMr. DyJ'on, Lord

Coleraine, Mr. Mydiletton, Mr. O, Mr. Pratt, Mr.

Paterfbn, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Morton, Mr. Rootle, Mr.

Grey, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Calvert, Lord

Mr. Whately, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mr.

burn, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Waller, Sir. Bond, Mr.

Alderman Harley, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Colonel

Amherff, Mr. Hemet t, Mr. Seymour, S

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Orford, Bucks, Berks, Wilts, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock. in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Burrell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadow' Grounds, or Lammas Lands, Commons, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Stairwell and llemonds,alias Shipcot, and Parish

of Stanwell,in the County of Midd: And the fame

was received; and read the Til'll Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Stanwetl

Inclosure.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Carlide Moor, called Carlijleand Cummerfdale Moor, in the *ac*°^urc‘ County of Cumberland, was read a.Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Toucliet,

Sir JosephMawbey, Sir James D Mr. Pratt,

Mr RuJhout, Mr. G’ore, Lord Strange., Mr. Wilson, Sir.

Thurloiv, Mr. Filzmaurice, Mr. Torenf/tend, Mr. Ryder,

Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Parker, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

surd, Colonel Burgoyne, Sir. Burke, Mr. Holt, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Morion, Mr. Hamilton, Mr.

Lawrence Mr. Morant, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Contis,

Mr. Hewett, Sir Richard Bampfyldc, Sir Francis V in-

cent, Mr. Bagot, Sir Robert BurdettMr. Calvert, Lord Clare, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Buller, Mr. Mr.

Burke, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. FullerMr. Sandys, Mr. Powlett, Colonel A mherjl. Lord George Sackville, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Shuttleworlh, Mr. Burrell; and all the Members wrho serve for the Counties of Cum-

Mr. P rtf cot I, Mr. Calvert;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Suffer, and Surrey;TheHouse being informed, that.Mr. Rowe, from the Accounts and for the Cinque Ports; And they arc to meet this CommiQioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended custS/ 16 at Scotland.*

7 Geo. III.

is 7 Januariii

ft:

faxtly

Indolure.

High Price of Corn.

at the Door; he was called in, and, at the Bar, pr£-l'ented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Grain and Flour exported from Scotland, from January 1766 to 10th November 1766, being as far as the same can be made up: And also,

An Account of the Bounties paid or payable on Corn, Grain, and Meal, exported from Scotland, from the 5th o {January 17 66 to the 10th November 1766, being as far as the same can be made up: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Wool exported, or carried Coastwise, from any Port within Scotland, from

report to- the Hnufe; wtoch'lies read’ irtirit T and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s > Where the same were read j and- are as so!-.r

him to

IMace;

Table:

ioweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of ithis Committee*; That a Number of Land Forces* including Two thou-; land Four hundred and Sixty-one Invalids, amounting* to Sixteen thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-four 1 effective Men, Commission and Non-contanlfion Officers included, be employed for the YdarOnsthoufaiid Seven.' hundred and Sixty-seven. '

Refilved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

the 1 ft Day of January 1763 to the 1 ft Day of January That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Ninety-thred > 1766; distinguishing the Time when, the Ship or Vessel thousand Nine hundred Eighty-six 'Pounds Fifteen t on board which, and the Quantity at each Time flipped. Shillings and Seven Pence, he granted to His Majesty, to be exported, or carried Coastwise, and, from what for defraying the Charge Of Sixteen thousand Seven;

Port or Place the same was entered for Importation: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Wool imported into any Port within Scotland, from the ift Day of January 1763 to the ift Day of Jant/an/ 1766; distinguishing the Time when, the Ship or Vessel on board which, and

hundred and Fifty-four effective Men, for Guards/ Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land-Ftfrtes,' in7 Great Britain, and Jerfiy, for the Year One*

thousand Seven hundred Sixty-seven, ' 1 ' 1 ' Refilved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee)* That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand Two the Quantity at each Time imported, and from what hundred and Three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six* Port or Place the same was entered for Exportation: Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for thef And also. Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great

An Account of the Number of Cattle imported into Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Scotland, from Ireland, from the ift Day of May 1759 Sixty-seven. to the 10th Day of October 1766, being as far as the That it is the Opinion of this Committed/

fame can be made up; distinguishing the several Sorts That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Five thou-

imported in each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the fakl Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the Second of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

Ordered, That the rest of the said Accounts do lie upon the'Fable, to be perufecl by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that proper Blanks are not left in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Grounds, and also the Marsh and Fenny Grounds in the Manor and Parilli of Yaxley, in the County of Huntingdon, which wras Yesterday read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time j

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn, be nowr read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That they had come to a llefolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Onslow also acquainted the House, that he was

sand Six hundred and Seven Pounds Two Shillings and Eleven Pence, Five Eighths of One Penny, 'be' granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s-Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and including those in Garrison at Minorca and and for Provisions for the Forces in North /

Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the ceded'

Blands, and Africa, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thi^ Committee* That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Two hundred and One Pounds FourteenSliillingsand Seven Ponce, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the * Charge of the Difference of Pay, between the British and Irish Establishment, of Six Regiments of Foot, serving in the Isle of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the ceded Islands, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven.

Refilved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Five hundred and Thirty-six Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for the paying of Pensions to the Widows of such-reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them belong the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixteen, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum; not exceeding One hundred Thirty-five thousand Two hundred Ninety-nine Pounds Eight Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty* upon account of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’fc Land Forces and Marines, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven.

Refilved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed* That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand One hundred and Three Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eight

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the

Leave to fit again. ~ ....

ReJ'olved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Com.

supply.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutious which the Committee had directed dred Thirty-three Pounds Three Shillings and Four Voi» 31. 'Pence*

Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horle Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horsa Guards, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven.

Refilved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Six lnm-

7*

27* — -28*

A. 1767.

v Woe*, b« granted to his for defraying the Ordered, That there be laid before this House an

Charge of roll Pay for Three hundred and Sixty-five Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duty Days, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and laid upon the Importation of Molasses, in His Majesty’s Sixty-fevtn, to Office!* reduced with the Tenth Com- Colonies in North America, by an Act paflld in the pany of Cevefal Battalions, induced from Ten to Nine 5th of His present Majesty.

Companies, and who remained on Half-pay at the

Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand Seven Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Farrar do, Tomorrow

hundred and Sixty-five. Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to whom it is referred to consider further of the present That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Sixty- high Price of Corn.

High Price of Coro.

nine thousand Six hundred rounds and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Stott’* a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Dirorcw Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to diflolre the Rtfoboed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Marriage of John Stott, Esquire, with Jane Stott, his That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-one thousand One now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for hundred and Ninety Pounds Six Shillings and Six other Purposes therein mentioned.

Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Bxpence of Services performed by the Office of Ord- Sir George Yonge took the Chair of the Committee,

nance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parlia- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

ment, in One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six. Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, That The Three firftRefolutions of the Committee, being the y had examined Witnesses, and heard Counsel for severally read a Second Time, were upon the Question tire Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Conj-The Fourth Resolution of the Committee being read mittee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, a Stoond Time; without any Amendment; and he delivered the* Bill in

And an Amendment being proposed to be made at the Clerk’s Table.

t-"T (

thereto, by inserting, after the Words " Committee, That," these Words, " such Forces as shall be kept up and employed in and for the Defence and Service of any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, or the West

The other Order of the Day being read;

That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Indies, except "only such as shall be kept up and em- House, to consider of the present high Price of Pro-ployed in the new Settlements of East and West Florida, visions.

High^Prier

storifiQiU.

*nd in the new ceded Blands of Tobago, Dominica, and Saint Vincents> be maintained, and the Expence thereof defrayed by a Revenue to be raised from the said Colonies, and that."

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, that the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, \u

Teller! for the Noes. {^[p^CampbelL

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, and Ninth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

\l9-

b

Mercurii, 28° die Januarii)

Anno 7* Georgii III*1 Regis, 1767.

J:1

Prayers.

A Petition of the several Persons tvhofe Names are l\. thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is a large Common or Tract of Land, situate within the Manor of Layton, and Parithesof and in the

Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put County of Lancaster, known by the Name of Layton thereupon, agreed to by the House. Hazes, containing by Estimntion 2,000 Acres, or

The Tenth Resolution of the Committee being read thereabouts, including the Sand Hills, or Starr HilU;

Layton

Ham

Inololut*.

a. Second Time:

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It paised in the Negative.

Army;

Mutiny

and

Desertioru

Accounts

Matiflc*

and that Fleetivood Hejketh, Esquire, is Lord of the Manor of Layton aforesaid, and Edmund Starkie, Esquire, is Impropriator of the Great Tythes arising within that Part of the Township of Marlon, called Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question Great Marton, within the said Manor of Layton, and put thereupon, agreed to by the House. Parish of Poulton; and of One Moiety of the Grease

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being Tythes arising in that Part of the Township of Bijp-read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put there- ham, called Great within the said Man^r

upon, agreed to by the House. and Parish of Bifpham, and Thomas Esquire,

and others, his Partners, are Proprietors of the otlfor

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Moiety of the Great Tythes arising within Great

punHhing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Bifpham aforesaid, and A/hton Worden, Clerk, present

Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Incumbent of the Parish Church of Bifpham aforesaid, the Lord Barrington and Mr. Thomas Gore do prepare, and his Successors for the Time being of the Great and bring in, the fame. Tythes arising within the Township of with

H arbeck, within the said Manor and Parish of Bfp-Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ham; and that the said Fleetivood Hejketh, Thomas Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duty Clifton, Esquire, and other Owners and Proprietors laid upon the Importation of Molasses, in His Majesty s of divers ancient Farms, situate within the Manor Colonies in North America, by anA6t paised in the of and the Towns of Great Marton, Little

sith of King George the Second, Marton, Black Pool, and have an ex-

18 elusive


fort

tact,

Bif)


r


7 Geo. III. 28° Januarii. 77

1

elusive Right to turn and departure their Bealls, Sheep, Mojlyn, Mr. Mr. Fuller, Lord IJcme, Mr.

and other Commonable Cattle, in and upon the said Harvey, Mr Mr. Mr. , Mr;

Waite or Common, called Layton Haws, at all Times Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Montagu, Mr. of the Year; and that the Parties interested are willing Mr. Mr. Tcmnjhend; and all the

and desirous, that the said Waste or Common should be Members who serve for the Counties of inclosed, allotted, and divided: And therefore pray-

ing, That the said Waste or Common, called Layton and Lcmcaster , And they are to meet this

Hazes, lying within the Manor of Layton, may be di- Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s vided, set out, and allotted, by Commissioners, to be Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Pa-appointed for that Purpose. and their Successors, in pers, and Records, such Manner, and subject to such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Directions, as may be thought ne- A Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Poften Bridge celfary. Powers of so much of Two several Acts, made. One in tittle t>r«yu»

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Road, purl'uant to the Prayer of the said Petition,: And that First, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign the Lord Strange and Sir Charles Frederick do prepare, of King George the Second; as relates to the Road and bring in, the fame. leading from Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln,

to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham; was Rempfione A Petition of Susannah Gregory, Spinster, and Simon read a Second Time.

lndoiure. Degge, Esquire, a Lunatic, by the Reverend Richard Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hnoett,

Wilmot, Doctor in Divinity, Committee of the Estates Sir Charles Frederick, Mr. Harris, Mr. Mr.

of the said Lunatic, Joint Lords of the Manor of Hemp- Mr. Tawnfhend, Colonel Mr. Hayes,

stone, in the County of Nottingham, and Proprietors of Mr. Fane, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Ridley, Sir Joseph Lands within the said Manor, and several other Pro- Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Mey-

prietors, interfiled in the several Open Fields, Meadow rick, Mr. Lewis, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Robert Ladbroke,

Ground, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Pa- I ord Mr. Dundas, Mr. Harvey, Sir George

rish or Township of Rempjlonealoresaid, was presented Cvlebrooke, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Curzon, Mr. to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are Roger Mojlyn, Mr. Foley, Mr. Montagu, Sir George several Open Fields, Meadow Ground, and Common- Savile, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Sandys, Mr. able Lands, within the said Parish, which would be of Rujliout, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Neville, Mr. De Grey, much greater Value, if the same were divided: And Lord Howe-, Mr. Shqfto, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Onslow; and therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring all the Members who serve for the Counties of Notin a. Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands, tingham, Lincoln, York, Derby, and Leicester: And under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall they are to meet this Afternoon; at Five of the Clock, seem mefet. in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Surfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Der-berghV Jr.Ilewett and Sir Charles Frederick do prepare, and whom the Billfor naturalizing Der-bergh,

bring in, tire fame. an Infant, was committed. That the Committee had.

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Hull A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, feme to be true; and had likewise examined the Re-Navigation. Tradesmen, and others, of the County of York,whose verend Mr. Richard Carter, who proved to the Corn-Names are thereunder subscribed, on Behalf of them- mittee, that the said Infant was of the Age of Seven selves, and others, was presented to the House, and Years, and no more; and that he had been educated read; Setting forth, That by extending the Naviga- in the Protestant Religion; and that the Committee tion of the Rivers Hull and the King’s River, or the had directed him to report the Bill to the House,

West Beck, from the Port of the Town of Kingston upon without any Amendment: And he delivered tl»e Bill

Hull, in the said Rivers, where the same are adapted in at the Clerk’s Table.

for that Purpose, and in other Places, by navigable Ordered, That the Bill be -ingrafted.

Cuts, or Canals, to, or near to, the T'own of Great >

Driffield,in the said County, and by improving the A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Bailiffs, Burgesses, Queo>v>ra>|h

Navigation of the said River Hull, to Frodingham and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough and Parish Foot’ Bridge, a more l’afe and expeditious Communication of Queenbarough, in the County of was presented will be opened up and down ttie said Rivers,from and' to the House. and read; Setting forth. That the said to the City of London, and the Town of Kingston, upon Borough and Parish are of very finall Extent, contain-Hull, and other Parts of this Kingdom; and that the ing only a finall Common, or Open Green, and the said Navigation may be extended, improved, and made Soite whereon the Houses of the Town ft&nd, which are effectual, lor the Sum of £.7,400: And therefore pray- mostly very inconsiderable, and of finall annual Rent; ing, That I>eave may be given to bring in a Bill-lor: and that, from Time immemorial, the Poor of the said extending and improving the Navigation of the said- Parish have been supported by Rates and Assessments,

Rivers, in fitch Rivers, where the same are adapted for made according to the Degree and Abilities of the that Purpose, and in other Places, by such navigable several resideut Members of the said Corporation, and Cuts, or Canals, and such other Works, as may be ne- other Inhabitants of the said Parish; and that, till cellary for that Purpose, and with Powers and Autho- very lately, the said Assessments have been assessed to, rities, and under such Regulation?, as to the House and paid by, all the Inhabitants of the said Parish;-and shall seem meet. . that the Petitioners are advised such Rates and AflelT-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ments cannot be supported by Law, and find it totally Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- impossible to raise a suficient Fund for the Mainte-mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it nance and Relief of the Poor of the said Borough and iha.II appear to them, to the House: ,: Parish, by the present Method prescribed by Law:

And it is referred to Mr. Hewett, Sir Joseph Maw- And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bey. Sir Charles Frederick, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Gore, Mr. bring in a Bill for the better and more effectual Main-Lascelles, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Darker, Mr. Weil- tenance and Relief of the Poor of the said Borough dell, Mr Prescott, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Northey, Mr. and Parish, by, such Ways and- Means, and in such Methuen, Lord Clare, Sir Edmund IJhani, M r..Gilbert, Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Me. Barrow, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Shiffher, Mr- Foley, Mr. . Ordered, That the said. Petition be referred to the Walter, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Dempfier, Sir Roger Consideration of a Committee-; 'And that they do exa-, Vol. 31. X mine

78 28 ° Janiiarit,^.1767.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Mr. Sir if Mr. , Mr.

shall appear to them, to the House: Townshend, Mf. Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lewis,

And it is referred to Sir Charles Frederick, Sir Pierty Mr. Mr. Mr. Gilbert, Sir William Brett, Mr. Jackson, Sir Joseph Maxebey, Mr. Earle, Meredith, Mr. Mr. Mr. Pennant, Sir

Mr. Laois, Mr. Lane, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Curzon, Mr. W Mr. Mr. White, Mr. Cal-Prescott, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Brand, Mr. Bacon, Colonel vert, Mr. Burt, Sir John Turner, Mr. Seymour, Sir Howe, Mr. Burtoii, Admiral Holbourn, Mr. Mackyc, Roger Grant, Lord Sir Jo-

Mr. Oswald, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Onslow, J'eph Maiobey, Sir Robert Mr. Mr.

Mr. Wynn, Mr. Nor they, - Mr. Townshend, Mr. Skiff- John Yorke, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Tudway, ner, Mr. Dyfcn, Lord Granby, Lord George Sackville, Mr Mr; Onfow, Lord North, Colonel Hoioe,

Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Milles, Sir Jarrit Mr. Northey, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Dempster, Lord Pan-Smith, Mr. Montagu, Lord North, Sir George Yonge, mure, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Ewer, Sir Edmund Isham,

Mr. Pennant, Mr. Shafto, Mr. Tudioay, Lord Bale- Mr. Bacon, Mr. Walter-, and all the Members who man, Mr. Abercromby, Lord Catherlough, Sir Robert serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, and Suffer;

Ladbroke, Mr. Meyrick; and all the Members who and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, and Sussex; Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Pa-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s pers, and Records.

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freehold- Marchwivd

ers, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Flint, tn°etoa Northfield, The Earl of Catherlough presented to the House, ac- was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Roid.

&c. cording to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and That the Highway leading from Marchwivel, in the.

Road, keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Belt County of Denbigh, through the several Parities of

Inn at Northfield, in the County of Worcester, over Bangor, and Hanmer, in the County of

Westheath, Weathercock 11ill, and The Portway, and Flint, to Dodington, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the

through Ullenhale Street, in the County of Warwick, County of Salop, is very founderous, and in bad Re-to the Wot ton Turnpike, situate in the great Turnpike pair, and cannot be effectually repaired by the Laws Road leading from «stra//brd ?//;on^i;o7i,in the saidCoun- in being: And therefore praying. That the House ty of Warwick, to Birmingham in the said County: will take the above same into their Consideration, and And the same was received; and read the First Time. grant such Relief as they shall think meet.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen,.

Teylingen’s A Petition of Chrifiaan Van Teylingen, Father of Clergy, and Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the N»t. Theodore Van Teylingen, an Infant, of the Age of Ten County of Denbigh, is referred.

Years, was presented to the House, and read; praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for natu- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Kencor ralizing the said Theodore Van Teylingen. Common Fields, and other Commonable Grounds, in loclo,ure*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, the Parish of Kencot, in the County of Oxford, was according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And read the Third Time.

that Sir Joseph Maiobey and Mr. Heioett do prepare, Rejoiced, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

and bring in, the fame. be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Maidstone A Petition of the Trustees appointed foqrot in Exe- Parish of Kencot, in the County of Oxford.

Road, cution a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty- Ordered, That Mr. Barroiv do carry the Bill to the

third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, Lords, and delire their Concurrence, intituled, An Aftfortheamending, widening,andkeep-

ingin Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine A Petition of John Earl of FI ope town, and of the Edinburgh Mile Stone, at the Upper End of Stone Street, in the Freeholders, Heritors, and Justices of the Peace, for to Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a cer- the Counties of and Lanerk, thereto sub-

; tain Place called Tubb's Lake, in the Parish of Cran- feribing, with the Concurrence- of the Lord Provost, Ro"* brooke, in the said County, w as presented to the House, MagHlrates, and Town Council, of the City of Edin-and read; Setting forth, That in pursuance of the said burgh, and of the Provost, Magistrates, and Towrn Act the Trustees have widened and amended the said Council, of the City of was presented to the

Road, which hath been attended with so considerable an House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from Expence, that they have been obliged to borrow the Edinburgh to Glasgow, by Bathgate and Airdrie, is Sum of £. 10,000 and upwards, which has been expend- greatly shorter than the present Road; and that this ed.on the said Road, and Hill remains due and unpaid; Road at present is altogether impassable for Carriages j and that the Tolls, appointed to be taken by the said and that the widening and amending thereof will not Act, arenot sufficient to defray the Expence ofkeeping only be a great Saving in the Expence of Carriage, the said Road in Repair, and to pay the Interest of the but would tend to encourage Manufactures, and pra-Money borrowed; and that the said Road cannot be mote Agriculture: And therefore praying. That Leave kept in Repair, and the Interest of the Money borrowed may be given to bring in a Bill for widening, amend-on the Credit of the said Act be paid, unless the Term ing, and repairing the above Road from Edinburgh thereby granted be further continued, and the said to Glasgow, by Bathgate and Airdrie, in such Manner Tolls increased, and the said Act be amended, and as to the House shall seem meet, further Powers granted for the Execution thereof: Ordered, That the said Petition be referredrto the

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it granted by the said Act, under such Regulations and shall appear to them, to the House:

Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet. And it is referred to Mr. Coutts, Mr. Lascelles, Lord.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Mr. the Lord Advocate, Mr,

Confidedation of a Committee: And that they do ex- Mackenzie, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr Mr. Jenkin-

asnine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it fan, Mr. Sir William Codrington, Mr. Mar-

shall appear to them, to the House: tin. Sir Joseph Maiobey, Mr. Fane, Lord George Ca-

And it is referred to Mr. Darker, Lord Clare, Mr. vendish, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Shiftier', Mr. Prescott, Mr.

Fuller, yki.MUlds,^a George Colebrooke, Mr. Shifner^ Tuduwty, Mr. Bacon, Mr. DotedeJ'wdl, Lord Clare,

17 Admiral

Hv;

Vr f

;n£

v,;:0!

‘Wd

I:

Army $ Mutiny and Defcrtion*

East India Company.

High Price of Corn.

Ditto.

7 Geo. III. 28° JanuaH79

Admiral Keppel, Lord Ca(her lough, Mr. Weddell,

Brand, Lord Panmure, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Jackfm, Sir George Colcbrooke, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Ridley, Sir Edmund Mr. Ewer,

Mr. Nor they, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Sir Roger

Mojlyn, Mr. Waller, Mr. Butter, Mr. Bejt, Mr. Tho-roton. Lord Howe, Mr. Thurlotv, Mr. GaJ'coyne; and

all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Thomas Gore prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Dersertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refobed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that Mr. James, from the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Copy of the Charter granted to the East India Company, on the 5th Day of September in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third: And also.

Copy of the Charter granted to the Governor and Company of Merchants of London, trading into the East Indies, the 3d of April i66r, in the 13th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second: And also.

Copy of the Charter relating to the Bland of Bombay, granted to the Governor and Company of Merchants of London, trailing into the East Indies, in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second: And also,

Copy of the Charter of Confirmation to the Governor and Company of Merchants of London, trading into the East Indies, of the Bland of Helena, granted in the 25 th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second: And also.

Copy of the Copy of the Charter (the Original of which is not to be found) granted to the Governor and Company of Merchants of Lotrading into

the East Indies, in the Second Year of the Reign of King James the Second.

Together with a Liftpf the said Copies:

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was reiad.

Ordered, That the said. Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said.Copies.are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Onslow, according to: Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom.it was referred to consider further of the present high Price, of Corn, the Resolutiomwhich the:ComuMttee had directed him to report to the House #.which lie1 read in his Place; and afterwards delivered m-at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followetlt; tzuz.

Refobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That the Importation of AV heat, and Wheat-flohr, Rye, and Rye-meal, free of Doty, from any Part of Eurapt, be continued* for a 1 further Time than is' allowed. by any Act made in this Session . of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put.;thereupon, agreed to by the House. ’ 1

Ordered, That a Bill, or BillV be brought in, upon the said Refohition: And that Mr. Onjlaw, the Lord Clare, Mr. Cooper, Sir Jarrit , and Sir Joseph Mawbey, do prepare and bring, in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refolveftfelfiota a Committee of the whole House,

.Vox,.. 31.

to consider further of the present high Price of Corn, be now read.

And the said Order being read accorlingly;

The House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Otijlow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had dire^tfd him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Onjlowalfo acquainted the House, that he was

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refobed, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Mar-jesty’s Navy, for the Year 1767, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the feud Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pat erf on took the Chair of the Committee.-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pat erf on reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refobed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refobed, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Wav* night, resolve infelf into a Committee of the whole Mean*.' House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

if

.. Refobed, That this House will, upon this DaySevep- High Prit* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider; of the present high Price of Provisions. ’

.....:

‘[Ordered, That. Sir Joseph Mawbey have Leave to Ditto; ’ frnake^a Motion, at being Half an Hour after. Three

the Clock. ,;

And he moved the House accordingly. t

Ordered, That it be an Inftfuction to the Committee

j»f the whole House,. to whom it is referred to consider of the present high Price of Provisions, that they do consider of the present high Price of Soap, and Caudles*

Ordered, That there.be laidj^efore this House, ap Account*

Account of the Quantity of hard andfoft Soap, made t

in England, frCm Midfummjr 175a,to Miafnmmer c*Sdi«L 1766; distiqgtufting each Soft, dud each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Candles made in England, from Midsummer 1750 to Midfuftmer dlftiu-

guishing each.Year.t......r. l ..;

High Price of

Provisioni.

East

Lekham

&c.

lodotorc.

80 280 — 290

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on hard and soft Soap made in from Mid-

Jiimmer 1750 to Midsummer 1766; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on Candles, from Midsummer 1750 to 1766;

distinggishing each Year.

OrSered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Tallow imported into land, from Christmas 1750 to 1766; diliin-

guishing each Year, and the foreign Tallow from the Irish, together with the Amount of the Duties paid thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Tallow exported from England, from Christmas 1750 to Christmas 1766; distinguishing each Year, and each Sort; and also the Amount of the Drawback paid thereon.

Januariu A. 1767.

Mr. De Grey and Mr. Thomas Gore do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Common Rights, in the Parish of Malt i/hall, in the County of Norfolk,on Behalf of themselves and others,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the several Commons in the said Parish lie open, and, for want of proper Fences, Drains, and Water-courses, are, in their present Situation, of very little Value, or Advantage, to the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. De Grey and Mr. Thomas Gore do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mattiflull

Inclosure.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Barber do, upon this Day Seven-night, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the present high Price of Provisions.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Savage do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Berridge do attend the said’Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Day do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Oi’dered, That Mr. Thomas Edioards do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Hammond do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Toulmin do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Rujfell do attend tire said Committee, at the same Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

PT

Jovis, 2 90 dieJanuarii;

Anno 7* Georgii IIl,u Regis, 1767. Prayers.

A Petition of Sir Armine Wodehouse, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of East Lexliam, and John Backler, Gentleman, Lord of the Mapor of Great , and

Others, whose -Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Whole Year Inclosed Lands, Common Field Lands, and Half Year Inclosures, in the 'Parishes-of East Lexham, and Great Dunham, in the County of Norfolk, md thereby, or otherwise, interested in the several Commons and Waste Grounds, in the said Parishes, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read ^Setting forth, That the said Lands and Inclosures lie dispersed and intermixed *wth each other; and that the said Comm ons and Waste Grounds, for want of proper Fences, Ditches, Drains, and Water-courses, are of little or no Value to the Persons interested therein j And therefore praying. That Lfeave-may be' given »tSo-bring In a Bill for dividing,‘in-dosing, and - allotting, the said Whole Year Inclosed Lands, Common Field Lands, Half Year Inclosures, . Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Par fifties, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet. \

Ordered, That Leave be’ given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: > And that

r+m /.♦ . J

A Petition of Robert Shaflo, Esquire, on Behalf of Bver’s himself, and several Owners of I^ands and Estates (irec" within the Parish of Southchurch Saint Andrew Auk- *nc^ure* land, in the County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the said Parish, an Open Common, or Piece of Walle Ground, called Byers Green, which, in its present Situation, is incapable of Improvement; but, if divided amongst the several Persons interested therein, would be of Advantage to them: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall tffink proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vane and Mr . Bindleydo prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

N

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailing, and Common Liverpool Council, of the Borough and Corporation of - NewCbwciio. pool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Parishioners of pool, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for building Two pew Churches within the said Town of Liverpool; and for the better preserving the Pavements in the Streets in the said Town; and ascertaining the Fares and Prices to be paid Carters, Carmen, Hackney Coachmen, and Chairmen, and for regulating their Behaviour within the said Town; and letting forth, that, in the said Act, one of the said Two new. intended Churches is called.

The Church of Saint Paul, and the other. The Church of Saint John; and that it is therein directed, that the said Church of Saint Paul should be the first linished and consecratedand that, for the building, finishing, and decorating the said' Church of Saint Paul, and providing a Church-yard and Cemetery to the fame, the Commissioners for executing the Act, and their Successors, were impowered to raise, in manner therein mentioned, any Sum not exceeding 4,000; and that the said Commissioners have begun and carried on the Building of the said Church of Saint Paul, in doing of which Work, they have nearly, if not totally, expended thereon, and on the Church-yard of the same Church, the saidSilm of £. 4,000, which they find will be greatly insufficient to complete and finish the same Church of Saint Paul, and Church-yard belonging thereto: And therefore praying the House to grant Inch further Sum of Monty, or Aid, as will enable the Commissioners to fmilh the said Church and Church-yard of Saifit Paul, and Burial Ground, and to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said former Act, for those and other Purposes therein mentioned, with such Alterations or Amendments as to the> House shall seem-meet.

Ordered,

7 Geo. III. 290 Janua 81

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is' referred to Sir Mr.

Mr. GaJ'coync, Mr. BindleyMr. , Mr. Dy/bn, Mr.

' Fuller, Lord Strange, Mr. Mr. Ridley, Mr.

Prefcolt, Sir JoJ'cph Mazo bey, Sir Richard Mr. Ilezoett, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hayef, Sir George Colebrooke, Mr. Wynn, Sir John Lord

BurgherJli, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Touchet, Mr.

Mr. Wood, Sir John Lindsey Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Sandyi, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Bull, Sir Smith, Sir Henry

' Bridgeman, Sir Francis Vincent., Sir William Meredith, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Aiifrere, Mr. Sir Charles Kemys

Tynte, Mr. Edmonfione; and all the Members who

serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, and Westmorland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mamlrot’s A Petition of Samuel Mandrot was presented to the Hat. House, and read; praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Jarrit Smith and Sir Charles Kemys Tyiile do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Westminster A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Exe-Paving. cution the several Acts of Parliament, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places therein mentioned, and for the other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have continued to put the said Acts in Execution in doing which they find that some further Powers and Regulations are necessary, effectually to answer the Purposes of the said Acts; and that it would be a great Ease and Safety to the Petitioners, and tend to facilitate the Execution of the Powers veiled in them, if the said Acts were to be reduced into One, and such further Powers-given, as may be found necessary: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above mentioned, in such Manifer as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Gascoyne, Lord Burgherfh, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Burrell, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Vane, Sir Brett, Mr. Ridley,

Mr. Toitchet, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Price, Mr. Loicndes, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Sir

Colebrooke, Mr. Barrou>, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Seymour, Sir John Gibbons, Lord Strange, Mr. Shuttlezcorth, Mr. Mr. Paterson, Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Tozvn/hend, Mr. Mr. Fon-

nercau, Mr. Cakcrt, Mr. Mr. Thurlow, Sir

Edward Wiminglon, Mr. Fidler, Mr. Burt, Mr. More-

ton, Mr. Montagu, Sir Charles Saunders, Mr. Darker, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Pennant; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, Essex, Hertford, and Suffer: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Huggate A Petition of William Jolliff, Esquire, John

Inclosure. Whaley, Clerk, John Kirby, Richard Hotham, Robert Cross, Gentlemen, John the Younger, Gentle-

Vol. 31.

man, Michael Cross, Gentleman, John Gen-

tleman, and others, whole Names are thereto i'ub-feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Manor and Township of Huggate, in the Fait Riding of t he County of York, several large Open Common Fields, Pieces or Parcels of Lands, and Grounds, commonly called The North Field and The South Field, The Ox PujiurC,

The Tongue, and The Cow Pasture; that the Field and South Field do contain in the Whole 131 Oxgangs, and Oqe Half; and that there are, in the same Manor or Township, Forty-six Common Right Messuages, and Sixteen Common Right Cottages; and that the Petitioner William Tufnell Jolliff, Esquire, is Lord of the said Manor of Huggate, and the Petitioner John Whaley, Clerk, is Rector of the Parilli and PyrjJh Church of Huggate, and, as such, is entitled to all Tythes, both Great and Small, arising within the same Fields, (except the Tythe Hay of Two small Parcels of Land in the North Field, called GraJ’s Croft Bottoms, and Holmes Dale, and another small Parcel of Land, in the South Field, called Hall Slack); and that the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors in the said Common Open Fields lie intermixed and dif-perfect; and the same Common Open Fields, Pastures, and Parcels of Ground, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for div iding and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Pastures,

Pieces, and Parcels of Lands and Grounds, within the said Manor and Township of Huggatein the said Fall) Riding of the County of York, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And tlrat Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Gascoyne, and Mr. Tufnell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

1

A Petition of William Tufnell Jolliff, Esquire, Lord Kun Monkton of the Manor of Nun Monkton, in the County of , Inclosure. and Impropriator of all the Tythes, both Great and1 Small, arising within the same Manor, and of several others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are,within thcManor and Townih\\>o(NunMonk-ton, in the West Riding of the County of York, several large Open Common Fields, or Parcels of Arable I and, commonly called The Little Field, Town End Field, Middle Field, and The Wef F containing in the Whole Five Hundred Acres, be the same more or less: and that there are within the said Manor and Township several other large Open Fields, or Parcels of Ings, Meadows, or Pasture Land, commonly called Dockmire, Buckhill, Socket Pit, and Tod-

holme, containing Three Hundred AcreS, more or less; and that the Petitioner William Tufnell Jolliff, Esquire, is Lord of the said Manor of Nun Monkton, and also Impropriator of all the Tythes, both Great and Small, arising and renewing within the said Township and Manor of Nun Monkton j and also a Proprietor of Lands in the same Fields; and that the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors in the said several Open Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying*. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said several Open Common Fields, and Parcels of Land, within the said Manor and Township of Nu/i Monkton aforesaid, according to the respective Rights and Interests of the Persons interested therein, and in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Dotodefwell, and Mr. Tufnell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Y A Petition

82

Little

Beighton

ladoi’ure.

2 90 Januariu

A. 1767.

North An don and Todwick Incbfure.

A Petition of the Most Noble Edward,

Duke of Norfolk, the Most Noble Thomas Duke of Leeds, Lord of the Manors of North and Todwick,

in the County of York, and of the Right honourable Robert Earl of Holderness, and the humble Petition of Hammond Turner, Clerk, and of the several other Persons, uhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the find Petition, gives HisConfent, that the Ilottfe may do therein as they shall think proper, and recommends the said Petition to the Consideration of the Iloul'e.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

of themselves, and others, being Owners and Proprie- Setting forth, That his late Majesty King George the

tors of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being, within the same Manors respectively, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the same Manor of North Anston, Four several Open and Uuinclosed Common Fields, called Stone Field, Caperus Field, North Fold Field, otherwise Clarkson Field, and Wood Setts Field; and all’o One large Common, or Moor, called North Anston Low Common, containing in

Second, by Letters Patent, under the Seal of his Court of Exchequer, bearing Date the 17 th Day of July 1760, for the Considerations therein mentioned, did demise unto the Petitioner Phipps, tl*e Father, all

those the Manors, or Lordships, of Mougrave, otherwise and Seton, in the County of York, with

divers I-antls and Hereditaments, lit uate in alias Mulgrave, Golde/borough, Cocklhicaite, and divers other Places in the County of York; and allb all those the Whole, by Ellimation, 900 Acres, or thereabouts; Mines, or Mines Royal, of Aliom, or Rock of which and that there are within the said Manor of Todwick, Allom is made, then found, or then-after to be found, adjoining to the said Manor of North Anston, Twto within the said Manors, or either of them, with Liberty Commons, or Pieces of Walle Grounds, called Tod- to open and dig for the fame, and to do all necessary wick Upper Common, and Todwick Nether Common, Acts for perfecting the fame, to hold to the Petitioner containing, by Estimation, 200 Acres, or thereabouts; Constantine Phipps, his Executors and Administrators, and that the said Thomas Duke of Leeds is Lord of the from the 4th Day of 1768, for a Term of 21

laid respective Manors of North Anston and Todwick, Years, at and under the reserved Yearly Rent of 1,200 and Owner of the Soil of the said several Commons, or and the Covenants therein contained; and that His-Walle Grounds; and is also Patron of the Rectory of present Majesty, by like Letters Patent, under His Ex-the Parish Church of Todwick aforesaid; and that the chequer Seal, bearing Date the 24th Day of October, said Hammond Turner is Rector of the said Parish of the Sixth Year of His Reign, did further deiniie the said Todwick, and in Right thereof entitled to certain Premiles unto the said Petitioner, his Executors, Ad-Glebe Lands, and also to the Tythes arising within miniitrators, and A (liens, for the Term of Eight Years, the same Parish; and that the said Edward Horvard, to be computed from the 4th Day of 1789, under

Duke of Norfolk, Thomas Duke of Leeds, Robert Earl of Holderness, Hammond Turner, and others, the Petitioners, are Owners and Proprietors of the greatest Part of the Lands and Grounds lying and being within the said Open and Uninclosed Common Fields; and the like reserved Rent of £. 1,200 and the Covenants contained in the said former Letters Patent; and that the Walle Lands demised by the said Lease contain upwards of 1000 Acres; and, by Length of Time, and considerable Sums of Money, are capable of very great

are also entitled to Right of Common in and upon the Improvements; but the Expence attending such Im-fiaid respective Commons, Moor, or Walle Grounds; provements will be so large, that no Lellce for Years and are desirous that the said Fields, Commons, Moor can, in Prudence, fullain it; for which Reason, the or Walle Grounds, should be inclosed: And therefore Public, in the present State of the said Premises, is depraying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for prived of the Benefit arising from the Cultivation of so dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said respective extensive a Tract of Land; which, under the Situation Common Fields, Common Moor, and Walle Grounds, of a Lease for Years, must remain in its present barren with and under such Rules, Provilians, and Directions, and uncultivated State: And therefore praying, That as to the House shall leem meet. Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Majesty to grant the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of all pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that and every the said Premises, in Trull for the Ole of the Air. Lascelles, and Mr. Hewett do prepare, and bring Petitioners, their Heirs and.Alligns, subject to the said

in, the fame.

A Petition of William Wai Esquire, Peter Atkin-

son. Gentleman, and others, whoseN antes are subscribed, Owners or Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, therein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the Township of Little Beighton, in the County of York, there are certain Open and Uninclosed Arable Fields, Commons, and Paitures, which are computed to contain in the Whole 1800 Acres, or thereabouts; which, in their present

Rent of £.1,200 per Annum,to be referred in future to

His Majesty, and IBs Successors, upon a full Consideration to be paid lor the fame.

Ordered, 'lhat the said Petition be referred to th® Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Mowgrave and Seton Mines,

A Petition of the ReClor, Churchwardens, and other Rotherhith* Inhabitants, of the Parish of Mary, Rotherhithe, Church in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House,

Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; but, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act made in the if inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted, a con- Third Year of the Reign of King George the First, in-siderable Benefit wrould accrue to all Parties interested tituled. An Act to enable the Purishioners of the Parish therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be of Saint Mary, in the County of Survey,

given to bring in a Bill for elfedting the Purposes above by certain Funeral Rates therein mentioned, to finish mentioned, subject to such Regulations as to the House the said Parish Church, several Rates and Duties there-shall ieem meet. in specified were granted for discharging such Debts of

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, the said Parish as had been contracted in and about the pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that rebuilding and enlarging the said Church, and to satisly Mr. Lascelles and Mr. Ihwdtdo prepare, and bring such other Sums of Money as should be necessary for in, the fame. fimilling and adorning the said Church, not exceeding

the Sum of £.1,500 in the Whole, to be advanced and.

A Petition of Constantine Phipps, Esquire, and of lent upon the Credit of the said Act; and for which One John Constantine Phipps, his eldest Son, being olfered to or more Annuity or Annuities might be granted, lor -be presented to the House; One.

21


1

7 Geo. III.

One or more Life or Lives, in such Manner and Form, as by the said Act is appointed; and that by an Act made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his laet Majestvythe Term and Powers granted by the said Act were enlarged, and the Pariiliioners were enabled to raise such further Sums of Money as lllould be necessary for purchasing a convenient Piece of Ground for an additional Burial Ground, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, in such Manner as by the said last mentioned Act is directed; and that the said Parishioners have been daily increasing lince the last mentioned Act was obtained, and now are so greatly in*-creased that they are obliged to purchase another Piece of Ground for an additional Burial Ground for the said Parish, their present Church Yard and Burial Ground not being fpflicient for the Interment of their Dead; and that it hath been agreed, in dill and open Veitry,by the Churchwardens, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, to purchase of the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, of Clare Hall, in the University of Cambridge, who are the Patrons of the Rectory of the said Parish, and of the Reverend Thomas Cockayhe, the present Rector thereof, the Parsonage House of the said Parish, with the Garden and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, at or for the Price or Sum of ,£.800, in order to pull down the said House, and use the Site thereof, with the Garden and Ground thereunto belonging, for an additional Burial Ground for the said Parish; and the said Mader, Fellows, and Scholars, and also the said Rector, have agreed, by and with the Consent of the Lord Bishop of Windiejter, Ordinary of the said Dio-ceie,to sell and convey, untoTrudees to be appointed, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, the said Parsonage House, Garden, and Appurtenances, for the Purposes aforesaid, at and for the said Sum of j£.8oo, and to apply that Sum in the Purchase of anotherPiece of Ground, aiul t he Erection of a newPar-fonage House, in the said Parish of Saint Maiy, Rather-hith, according to a Plan appvoved of by them; and that the said Inhabitants are not able to raise the Sums necessary for such intended Purchase, and for defraying the Expences of inclosing and making the same Site and Ground fit and commodious for the Burial of their Dead therein, without the Aid of Parliament; and are desirous that the Terms and Powers granted by the before-mentioned Acts may be enlarged, and the said Rates and Duties thereby granted be continued} and that the like Rates and Duties which are -now payable by the said former Acts, may be payable for every Person who ill all be interred in the said new intended Burial Ground; and that the said Pariiliioners may be enabled to raise lueh further Sums of Money, by the like Ways and Means, as by the said former Acts are directed, as shall be sufficient to complete the said Purchase, and to defray the Expence of inclosing and making the same Site and Ground lit and commodious for the Burial of the Dead, r.nd other incidental Charges relating the reto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the before-mentioned Acts; and to enable the said Pariiliioners to raise such further Sums of Money as shall be necessary for purchasing the said parsonage House, Garden, and appurtenances, and for defraying the Expences of the purposes aforesaid; and also to enable the said Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars of Clare II«//, and also the Rector of the said Parish, to sell and convey the said Parsonage House, Garden, and Appurtenances, unto Trustees, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, pursuant to the aforesaid Agreement; and to apply that Sum in the Purchase of another Piece of Ground, and the Erection of a new Parsonage House, in the said Parish of Saint Mary, Rotherhith, in such Manner, and Method, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Vol. 31. '

83

mine the Mattel* thereof; and report the fame, os it shall appear to them, to the House: ’

And it is referred to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Shut* tleworth, Lord Strange, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Knight, Mr.

Touchet, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Sandy s, Mr.

Burt, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Hervey, Sir Jarrit Smith,

Mr. Tcimjhend, Mr. Barroio, Mr. Fuller, Mr; Bertie,

Mr. Dcmpjler, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Tad way, Mr. Sh iff her,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Foley, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Onjlozc,

Mr. Coutts, Sir Joseph Mawbcy, Sir Charles Saunders,

Mr. Prefcoll, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Lindjay, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr Vernon,'

Mr. Hayes, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Cooper, Lord Clare,

Mr. Harvey, Mr Hume, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Brndcnell,

Sir James Dashwood, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr.

Bagot s and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Kent, Middlesex, and Suffer; and for the Cinque Ports; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’9 Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees, for putting in Execution Bethnal an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Ma- Green jesty King George the Second, for making and widen- Roa 3* ing a Road, from the Eall Side of the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the shall End of Church Street, in the said Parish, and to open a Way, or Road, into Shoreditch, and keeping the same in Repair; and also of several other Per- fons, being Inhabitants, or frequently passing through Two Lanes called, Old Cock Lane, amliVcro Cock Lane, and likewise, Church Street, leading in a direct Line from the said Road, at the Eall End of Church Street, to the said Opening into Shoreditch; and also of the Freeholders and Leaseholders of the said Lanes and Streets; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act; which, together with the Tolls collected by virtue thereof, have been duly applied, and great Progress has been made in the Execution of the said Act, and the Roads are laid out as directed by the said Act; but that the same cannot be kept in ltepair, and the Money so borrowed bo repaid, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some *of the Powers thereof enlarged, , and the said Act made more effectual; and that it would be of public Advantage if Power was given to establish* a regular Watch upon the Road from the Salmon and Ball on Bethnal Green, to Church Street, being One of the Roads directed by the said Act to be made, and to provide a suficient Number of Lamps to light the fame; and that thq Lanes, or W ays, called Old Cock Lane, and New Cock Lane, and also Church Street, and the Road, or Way, on the Welt Side of the Opening from Old Cock Lane into Shoreditch, all adjoining to iome Part of the Roads directed to be made by the said Act, are in a very ruinous Condition, and dangerous for Passengers; and that it would tend greatly to the Safety and Convenience of all Persons living in and travelling through the said several Places if Power was given to pave, amend, and regulate the fame; and to remove Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and to prevent the same for the future; and to raise Money by Annuities, or otherwise, for those Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes above mentioned, under such Regulations as shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bull, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Luther, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Butler, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Delavql, Mr. Shiftier, Sir John Cottony Mr. Ridley, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Coutts,

Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Prescott,

Mr.

2 90 Jamarii,

84 2o° Jamarii. A. 1767.

"Mr. llezoett, Lord Strange Mr. Gore, Mr. Jenkinson, Sir GlorgcdColcbrooke, Mr. Cu/t, Mr. Vane, Mr. Seymour, Lord Burgherjh, Sir George Mr.

Mr. Dempster, Mr. Wal/Mr. Mr. Waller, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Drake, Mr. Mr. Walter ;and all the Members who serve for the - Comities of Middlesex, EJ'ex, Surrey, Kent, and SuJJ'tx: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tenterden A Petition of fevpral of the Justices of the Peace, *c* Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants,

01 ’ living in and near the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, in the Town of Tenterden, in the County of Kent, through the Parishes of Holden, and in the said County of Kent, to and over Bull Green, in the Parish of Betherfden aforesaid; and from thence to and through Great Char, in the County aforesaid, to the Bottom of Barrons Hill, near the Town of A (hford, in the said County of Kent; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Road is become very ruinous and bad, and cannot be amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law7: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road., in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

’And it is referred to Mr. Knight, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Legit, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Roger Neicdigate, Mr. Norris, Mr.

Prescott, Mr. Gajcoyne, Sir George Yonge, Mr. icell, Mr. Rufhout, Mr. Hczoelf, Mr. Mr. Pul-

ler, Mr. Thoroton, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Bidl, Mr. Darker, Sir R. Philipps, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Fuller, Col. Burgoyne, Mr. FitzheMr. Vane, Mr. Ridley,

Sir Charles Tynte, Mr. Dyfon, Lord Sir George

Colekrooke, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Harris, Mr. Burt,

Mr. Ward, Mr. Foley, Mr. Calcraft, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Sir James Dajkiooood, Mr. Delaval, Lord Burgherjh and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Safer, Surrey, Middlesex, and Southampton;

and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. ‘

Colne River A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Pe-M to tition of several Gentlemen, whose Names are thereunto

anai-0"6 subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, was pre- fented to the House and read; Setting forth, That many of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster,of Saint Mary le Bone, and of the Parishes adjacent, are badly supplied with Water; and that the , Petitioners, from accurate Surveys made, find that a

proper Supply of Water may be had from a Branch of the River Colne, near the Colour Mill, about Half a Mile below Uxbridge, which may be brought by a Canal, to be made for that Purpose, to a Place near William's Farm House, in the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone aforesaid; and, as the making such Canal navigable has been thought to be of great Utility to the l\iblic, the Petitioners are willing to undertake the fame; and that Three Mills will be destroyed by means of this Undertaking, the Loss whereof may be supplied by others to be erected on a Stream near adjoining, called the High Stream, where there is Waste Land of little Value, which the Petitioners are willing to purchase, and thereon to erect such Mills, or to make Satisfaction for the fame, as shall be thought proper; and that the Petitioners have heard that some Doubts have arisen whether the taking the Water from the River Colne aforesaid may not in some small Degree injure the Navigation of the River Thames, at certain Shallow

Places, near Cherlfey, Shepperton, and; the

Petitioners arc not apprehensive that any such Injury can arise; however, as the Navigation at those Places is confelfedly inconvenient, the Petitioners, to remedy such Inconvenience, are willing, and propole (on such Terms as shall be thought proper to be settled by Parliament) to make proper navigable Cuts, and erect Locks through the Land adjoining to tliofc Places, for the Purposes of avoiding the said Shallow's, and to support such Cuts and Locks in a proper Manner; whereby not only every Objection w'ill be wholly obviated, but the Navigation of the River Thames will be greatly improved; and that the Petitioners have a Proposal depending for an Agreement with the Governor and Company of CheljiaWater Works, for uniting the Petition-

ers Undertaking to bring the Water from the Colne aforesaid, with the said*Company, and making them One United Company, with a joint Stock; and that the Advantages resulting to the Public from the Execution of those Designs are, as the Petitioners conceive, great and obvious; but the same cannot be carried into Exe-tion without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid, w’ith such Powers, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem proper.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth,

Tellers for the Yeas, j UrBum18»‘

Tellers for the Noes, j \iS-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative. v

And it is referred to Lord Strange, Mr.

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Weddell, Mr. S Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr.

Mr. Wedderbum, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Jhend, Mr. Cooke, Lor A Howe, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Morton,

Mr. Bull, Lord Lijbume, Mr. Buller, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Lowndes, Sir George Yonge, Sir, Edward Bayntun, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Burgherjh, Mr.

Mr. Holt, Lord Cutherlough, Mr. Penton, Sir Charier Mordaunt, Sir Piercy Brett, Lord Clare, Mr.

Mr. Heivett, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Plumptre, Sir George Colebrooke, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Harris, Mr. Jackson, Mr.

Hayes, Mr. Vane, Mr. Ridley, Sir Joseph Sir

Edmund Isham, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. And all

the Members who serve for the Counties of,

Kent, Bucks, Berks, Oxford, Wilts, Gloucester, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Yoices.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town Kingstoa of Kingston upon Hull, the Guild, or Brotherhood of Mailers and Pilots, Seamen, of the Trinity Ilouji of the fameTown, under their Common Seals respectively, and of the Merchants and Owners of Shipping, of or belonging to the said Town or Port of Kingston upon Hull, and others, whole I lands are thereunto subscribed, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been iniformed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, that the House may do therein as they shall think proper, and recommends the said Petition to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Haven of the said Town is narrow, and much confined, and affords, in the W inter Season especially,a very incommodious Station for Shipping;

and

iJ

7 Geo. III.

2p° Januafii.

and many Delays, Lofies, and Interruptions are occasioned, as well during the Residence of Ships therein, as in their Pafi’age into and out of the fame; and that, from the constant and necessary Attendance of Servants on board the Ships and Vessels, both Night and Day, the Shipping itself is not only exposed to the Danger of being destroyed by l'ire, but, from the Contiguity of the Haven to the Warehouses and Buildings of the Place, the whole Town itself may be in the utmost Peril of lharing the same Calamity; and that the Petitioners apprehend it would much conduce to the Security and Advantage of the said Town and Port, and be of considerable Utility to His Majesty’s Ships of War, and to all Persons trading to the Northern Parts of this Kingdom, if Docks, or any other Conveniences, were made, for the Use, Reception, or Accommodation, of Ships, and the Haven rendered more safe and commodious, by the placing Dolphins therein, and the Passage out of the same more ealy, by the enlarging and extending the South End Jetty of the said Town; and that, in order to promote an Undertaking so ufcliil to Navigation, and so conducive to the Improvement and Security of Commerce, His Majesty hath moll graciously condescended to signify His Royal Pleasure, to grant, and appropriate for the Purposes above mentioned, a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground, of a triangular Form, being Part of the Lands belonging to His Majesty’s Citadel at Kingston upon afire fa id, containing, by

Eliimation, Five Acres (be the same more or less), abutting on the East Side of the Haven, extendingdown wards from the Boundary Poll above the North Bridge, in Length, on the said Haven Side, 380 Yards, and from the Point on the Haven’s Side, where that Length terminates, in a straight Line, by the South End of the Old Wall of Communication of His Majesty’s Block-houses,to the further Side of the Old Ditch, surrounding that Wall, in Breadth 178 Yards; and from that lall Point, extending along the further or outward Side of the said Old Ditch, to the Boundary Poll aforesaid, together with the said Old Wall, and the Ruins of the . North Blockhouse, (landing on Part of the above-mentioned Ground, and also such Part of the Bank and Wharf-ing, adjoining to the said Haven, as ranges along the same Ground; and that the Expence of making and maintaining the saidDocks,or other Works, will becon-dr rahly larger than the Inhabitants of the said Town can defray; and the Petitioners conceive the same cannot be effected without such moderate Rates and Duties upon Shipping, as may be proportionable to the Ends propol’ed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for elfeeling the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem proper; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premifes, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ad Jen brake’s A Petition of several of the T ruftees acting under the

Cambridge of JohnAddenbrooke, Doctor of Phylic, so far as

0 ' the same relates to the hiring, fitting up, purchasing, or erecting, an Hospital, in the Town of and

of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, Subl'cribers towards making the said Hospital a General Hospital, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting fort h. That John Addenbrooke, Do6tor of Physic, by his Will, dated the First Day of May 1719, gave all his Personal Estate, after his Debts and Legacies were paid, to Trustees therein named, upon Trull, to hire, fit up, purchase, or crept, a Building, fit for a final! Physical Hospital, in the Town of Cambridge-, and willed. That any poor sick Person, of any Parish or County, should be admitted into the said

Yol. 31.

Hospital, if there should be Room, and the Revenue would answer; and that, after several Proceedings in the High Court of Chancery, relating to the said Trult, it was ordered, by the said Court, 011 the 20th Day of June 1758, That a Mailer of the said Court should appoint new Trustees; and, on the 21st of July 17583 the said Mailer reported. That, in pursuance of the said Order, he had appointed new Trustees; and that the said Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Trull, and have laid out, in the purchase of Lands and Tenements, and in building an Hospital, and in Furniture, the Sum of £.4,010. 3^ o id.-,that, by the said Ex*

penees, some great Losses, Taxes, and Law Charges, their Capital is now reduced to£. 1,804. 16*. 4 d. which being found insufficient for the carrying on so good a Design, several Noblemen, Gentlemen, Clergy and others, have entered into a voluntary Subscription for making the said Hospital a General Hospital; and the Sums following have been already subscribed for that Purpose; viz. for building, £ .478. 7; for general Use,

.235. 9-y.; and Annual Suscriptions, ^.472. ns; and that, in order to effectuate the Plan of making the said Hospital aGeneral Hospital, Application has been made to the said Trustees, to give up the Trust reposed in them by the said Will, which they are willing and desirous of doing, but are advised they cannot give up the said Trull, nor extend or vary the Testator’s Plan, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Cotton, Mr. Buller,

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Harris, Mr.

J. Yorke, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Darker, Mr.

Toicnjhend, Mr. Morton, Mr. LaMr. , Mr. Coults, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Weddell, Mr.

Mr. Shi finer, Mr. Pitt, 'Sir. Lane, Lord Burgherjh, Lord Howe, Mr. W>alpole, Mr. Fane, Mr. Howe, Mr. Sandys,

Sir JafephMawbey, Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir

Jarrit Smith, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Mr.

Rushout, Lord Clare, Mr. P. Campbell, Mr Mr.

Powlett, Mr. Houblon, Lord Cather Mr. Mr. Ryder, Mr. Myddelton, Sir William Beauchamp Protlor, Mr. Staunton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Hertford, Huntingdon, MiddleJ'ex, Essex, Suffolk, and Norfolk: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Treasurer presented to the House, pursuant to American their Address to His Majesty, Colonies.

Extract of a Letter from the Honourable Major General Gage, to the Earl of Shelburne, to Mr. Secretary Comvay, New York, 9 November 1765: And also.

Extract of a Letter from the Honourable Major General Gage to Mr. Secretary Conway, New York,

December21, 1765: inclosing.

Copy of Ma jor General Gage's Letter to Sir Henry Moore, New York, December x, 1765.

Copy of the Resolves of the General Assembly of the Province of New York, December 13th,

1765: And also.

Extract of a Letter from the Honourable Major General Gage, to Mr. Secretary Conway, New York,

February 22(1, 1766; inclosing,

Magistrates of Albany, their Answer to Colonel Bradjlreet, about his Demand for Quarters for the Troops, Albany, 23d January 1766: And also.

Extract of a Letter from Sir Henry Moore, to Mr. Secretary Conway, New York, June 20th 1766: And also,

Z Extract

0

86 29 ° Januarii.A. 1767.

Extract of a Letter from the Honourable Major Ge- The said Papers are preferred amongst the other neral Gage, to Mr. Secretary Cotiway, New York, June Papers of this Session.

24th 1766: And also,

Extract of a letter from the Honourable Major Ge- Sir Edward Hawke, from the Commissioners for Estimate neral Gage, to Mr. Secretary Conway,dated New York, executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great presented;

July 15th, 1766: And also, Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Navy*

Extract of a Letter from Major General Gage, to the Order,

Earl of Shelburne, New York, October io, 1766. An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as.

Together with a List of the said Papers. itstood on the 31st December 1766.

And the said Lift was read. And the Title of the sted Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Ta- The said Estimate is as followeth 5 viz. hie, to be perused by the Members of the House.

7 Geo. Ill*

Navy Office,

23d January 1767.

29° Januatiu

87

7 An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter* J mentioned, as it stood on the 31st December 1766.

Heads of the Naval Estimates.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports.

Due to pay oft* and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, supplied for the Service thereof ——

To payoff and discharge all Bills registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval, Stores - For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1766 j as also to several Bills of Exchange -

To His Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary

and Extraordinary....

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf -

Seamens Wages.

Due to pay the Men, SCc. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off To Ships in Sea-pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1766 To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in Course, for Slop Clothes, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, Free Gifts, Sic.- - -

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners,

Due for lhort Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -To pay off all the Bills entered on their Course For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1766 -

For Necessary Money, Extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingences -To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the ‘several Ports - -

Sick and Hurt; the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

Due for the Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen, set, on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships, at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingences relating to the said Office

The Total amounts to the Sum of One million Six hundred Fourteen thousand One hundred Fifty-live Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight Pence -

From whence deducting the Money in the'

Treasurer’s Hands -And also the Money that remained to come in of the Supplies -

as on the other Side

The Debt will then be One million Four hundred Fifty-six thousand Nine hundred Twenty-four Pounds One Shilling and One Penny Halfpenny -

N. B. In this Debt is included, for Charge of Transports between the 1 i\ January 1766 and the 31st December following

And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between the lit January 1766 and the 31st December following, amounts to -

For which Sum of/, 19,524. o. i{ no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for in former Years,

The net Debt of the Navy will then be One million Four hundred Thirty-seven thousand Four hundred Pounds One Shilling and

One Farthing

Particulars.

d.

416,055 14 10

41,100 16 4

73.773 1 2

152,748 0 0

47,092 4 1

335.4.55 3 3

262,736 8 7

26,936 6 1

17,841 6 3

203,503 10 10

7,257 12 9

2,371 6 5

7,936 2 9

118,820 4 Iii

38,411 1 6i

*5*979 7 2

3>544 12 ni

TOTAL.

/. X. d.

730,769 16 d

625,127 17 it

238,909 19 o

*9>347 *4 3

1.614,155 7 8

157,231 6 6f

1,456,924 1 if

19,524 o if

1,437,400 1 of

D. Cokbume. Tho, Slade. J. Williams. E. T. Brett. R. Temple.

Vo l. 31.

Memorandum:

Memorandum There was remaining, in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1766, in Money, as under mentioned, and may he

reckoned towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

OO

OO

D

eg'

n‘

CD

CL

cr

ON THE HEADS OF

In what Treasurer’s Hands. IN MONEY. c Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transports. Seamens Wages. Victuals. TOTAL.

- — £ g. a. £ s. d. s. d. £ s. d.

Right HonWc George Dodington, Esqr. 1 ft Treasurership. In Money j D° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen ----- 2,078 9 51 1,539 12 IO* 80 17 9i "5 l7 9I-1 3.8l4 x7 101

Right Honh,e Hairy Legge, Efcjr. 7 In Money y D° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - - 4.947 X5 3 10 3 5! 55 15 5 i,572 4 6‘} 6,585 18 8

Right IIonble George Grenville, Esq\ ilt Treasurership. 7 In Money ----- t D" towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen ----- 4.037 7 2? 2,711 2 3i 37 14 3 !.947 9 6-} 8.733 x3 3

Right IIonble George Dodington, Esqr. 2d Treasurership. /in Money I D° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - 6,736 10 2? 2,697 13 IOi 287 11 9 631 11 M 10,353 7 2 X

Right Honb!e George Grenville, Esq*. 2d Treasurership. {In Money - -- - f D° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - - - - 7.655 12 41 4.538 0 4 177 12 8 374 18 4l 12,746 3 81

Right HonWc William Lord Viscount Barrington. 7 In Money r DJ towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen ----- 6,068 13 6 14,161 8 2 1,430 O 2± 3.923 9 ci] 25.583 11

Right IIonMc Richard Lord Viscount Iloue. 1 In Money - jD° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - - - . - ! 22.554 T4 ol x9>i84 6 3 2,721 4 oil 6,542 8 5t-} i 51,002 12 9f

54.079 2 O 49.633 3 41 »j>ia7 l9 7 J IlS,820 4 ui

There remained, on the 31st December 1766, to come in, from the Exchequer, of the Supplies of the Year 1766 £. 38,411 1 6}

e ?r

290 Januarit. . 1767,

Chattel

perry,

Sic. Jtoadi

Berwick,

Jfcc.

'Dr4iu«i^e.

7 Geo. III. 49® Janttarii. 89

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lio upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the Hoilfe.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, under an AT biade in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending the Roar!

" from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and,

to Wijhech Saint Peters, and from thence to Tid Gate,

" in the Ijle of Ely; and from aforesaid, through

Ottheell,to Dmenham Bridgin the County of

" folk; and for repealing the several Acts for repairing °" the said Road, through W ami March was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Bank running from Wijhech Bridge to Gull,

and from thence to a House, or the Site of a House, called Tomer House, in the Ijle of Ely, which, before the passing of the said AT, was maintained, repaired, and Amended by the Governor. Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company.of Conservators of the great Level of the Fens called Bedford Leveand the Owners of certain Lands, lying in Walderfca, and Hundred,

on the South Side of the said Bank, is directed by the said AT to fe repaired, and maintained by and out of the Tolls to he collected by virtue of the said Act; and that a Bank, called the South Side Bank, which, before the passing of the said Act, was repaired by an Acre Tax on certain I^ands, lying contiguous tliercto, is also, by the said AT, directed to be repaired out of the Tolls to be collected by virtue of the fakl Act; and that, as the Governor, Baililfs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the said Great Level ofr the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Owners of the said Lands, lying in Wqldcrfea and Wisbech Hundred, have, from Time to Time, maintained the said Banks respectively; the Petitioners Jauntily hope, That it Will appear reasonable, that they shall (till contribute towards the Maintenance thereof; and that the Petitioners are not able, under the said Act, to raise Money fuOicient to complete the said Road, nor can the same be done without fume fnrtlier Provisions to be grantod them by Parliament; and that the several Compositions directed by the said AT to be made with the Inhabitants of Wijhech Saint Peters, Leveringlon, New ton, Tid Saint Giles, Elm, and Emare prejudicial to die

liud Road; and that several other Alterations are also nceeflary to be made in the said AT,more etVcCtually to execute the Purposes thereby intended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for granting further Provisions, and to amend the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that tlniy do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred (o Sir 7. Cotton, Mr. poults, Mr. Yorke, Mr . Penton, Mr. Walpole, Mr Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Bull, Mr. Montagu, Mr. out. Air. Butter, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Van-Jit tart, I.oixl Canjsfort, Sir Air. Tucker, Lord Gage, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Darker, Air Lord

Air. lleuett, Mr. Pateifon, Colonel Home, Sir

Hawke, General llonyieood, Mr. Parker, Sir Joseph Majesty, Sir Fletcher Norton, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Shiftier, Lord Qa/herlough, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Montagu, Sir William Beam humpProclo, Mr. Mr. Har-

ris, Mr. Waller, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Jarril Smith, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Ridley, Sir Francis / invent, Mr. Balters and all the Members who serve lor the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon,

thampton, Norfolk, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Pujiers, and Records.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the fe-vera! Pen 1 ,an«ls and Low Grounds, lying in the Hamlet

VOT.. 31.

of Bemoick,in tho Parilii of1 Doddivglon, within the Ijle

of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and in w ithin the said Ifeof Ely, in the said County of Cambridge, and in the several Parishes of and,

in tlieCmvnty of Huntingdon, and bounded on the North by the Rivers or Drains, called Dyke and

lievils River or lxamc; on the South and East, by the River called the River Neve; and on the West by Whittlejey MeCre s on Behalf of themselves and all others, the Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the said Fen Lands and Ix>w Grounds; was presented to the House and read.; Setting forth. That, from the low and llat Situation of the said Lands and Grounds, and the Decay of their Banks, Drains, and Outfalls to Sea, the f;une are liable to be overflown and covered with Water, and cannot be drained and kept dry, unlci's some further Powers and Provisions be granted by Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual draining and preferring the said Fen Hands ajad Low Grounds, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Conhderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Alatter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And tt referred to Sir John Cotton, Mr. Yorke, Lord Gage, Mt, Prifcott, Mr. Darker, Mr. Gilbert, celles, Mr. Hemett. Sir John LindAir Sir

Fletcher Norton, Lord Burghcrjh, Mr. Foiuiereau, Mr. Plumptre, Captain Bentinck, Mr. Mr. Shif-

tier, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Walter, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Thoroton, Mr* Wynn, Colonel Barre, Sfr William Beauchamp ProBor, Mr. Sulivan, Air.

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, Northampton, and

Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable John Manners, commonly called Marquis of Granby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there ar<\ within the Parish o f Ail/tone,in the County of Leicester, several Open Fields and Commonable Lands, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any great Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inelal’ed, it would be of great Advantage to the Petitioner, and other Persons having Interest therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a BiH for the Ptirposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring iri a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that. Air. Thoroton, Mr. Hexcett, and Mr. Darker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of George Pitt, of Say, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Kingston in Purbeek, in the County of Dorset, and John Pitt, of Encombe, in the said County of Dorset, Esquire,

on the Behalf of themselves and the Tenants of the said Alanor of Kingston, was presented to the House, and read i Setting forth. That the Petitioners and the said Tenants, on account of the great Convenience that will follow to them, by adding to the Estate of the said John Pitt,at Encombe aforesaid, two Pieces of Land, which lie contiguous to or near the fame; the one being a Common Down, or Sheep Pallure, called Down, belonging to, and Parcel of, the said Manor of Kingston; and the other being a Piece of Ground belonging to the said George Pitt, ns Parcel of the De-mefnes of his laid Alanor, and lying on the Well Side of Blacknoxcle Forme; and by the said John Pitt's giv-

ing to the said George Pitt and his Tenants other Lands equally convenient, and of greater Value than the said Wt ‘JlDown; and to the said George Pitt, lor the said Parcel of his said Dcmcl’nes, certain Hinds of A a equal

Ailftone

Inclosurca

fvingflon

in

Purbeek

Exchange.

9° 29 ' janudrii.

«qwa! or greater Value than the did Parcel of his said Demesnes; are desirous that the said Exchanges should take Efleet: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for eiiablidling their Agreements, and effectuating and confirming the said Exchanges, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Air. Sandys and Mr. Rushout do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Saint George A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parish the Martyr of Saint George the Martyr, in the County o /arifli. whose Names are thereunto fttbscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants within the said Parish, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That, under the Powers of two Acts of Parliament, in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for building Fifty New Churches in and about London and and the Suburbs thereof, the said Parish of Saint George the Martyr was taken out of that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Ilolborn, which lies in the County of Middlefe.r, called The Liber

above the Bars, and made a distinct Parish, to all Intents and Pitrposes (except as touching Church Rates, the Relief of the Poor, and Rates for the Highways); and, with Respect to those Rates, further Provision is made, by the said Acts, for a Total Separation; and that, in pursuance of such further Provision in the said Acts, a perpetual Division of the Church Rates, between the said Two Parishes, was duly made, by Instrument in Writing for that Purpose, as the said Acts direct; and that it would tend greatly to the Ease, Advantage, and Convenience of the Petitioners, and all the Parishioners of the said Parish of Saint George the Martyr, was that Parish wholly separated, and madq a difiinft Parish from the said Parish of Andrew Holborn, in relation to the said Rates, for Relief of the Poor, and for the Highways, and all other Respects whatsoever: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Parish of Saint George the Martyr a separate and dillinct Parish from ’that of Saint Andrezo Ilolborn, in respect to the Rates for Relief of the Poor, and for repairing the Highways and cleansing the Streets, belonging to the fame, and in all other Respe6ts, with such Powers and Provisions, for the Benefit of the said Parish of George the Martyr, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gascoync, Mr. Ilewett, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Dowdtfwdl, Sir Mr. Cal-

vert, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Prescott, Air Pennant, Mr. Rushout, Colonel Howe, Mr.

Penton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Bind-let), Sir Francis Vincent, Mr Air. Burrell, Sir

GeorgeYonge, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Darker, Sir Edmund lsham, Sir Joseph Mazcbey, Sir Mr

M r. Toxcnjhend, Sir Richard Bampfylde, Mr. Grosvener, Mr. tie Grey, Mr. Weddell, Mr. and all the

Alcmbers who serve for the Counties of Essex, Hertford, Kent, Surrey, and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Diltrrffed A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt, in His

Debtors. Majesty’s Prison the Castle of York, on Behalf of themselves, and all other Prisoners in tho like unhappy Situation, whether Crown Debtors, or those for private Dade, merit ing the Interposition and Clemency of Parliament, within the several numerous Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and, read; Complaining of their I hftrefc, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

A Petition of the Most Noble William Henry Caven- Sowerby dish, Duke of Portland, Lord of the Manor of Castle Inclosure. Sowerby, in the County of Cumberland; the Right Worffi infill the Dean and Chapter of and several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Land Owners within the said Manor; in Behalf of themselves and divers other Persons having Right of Common upon the Wastes and Commons of the said Alanor; was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the said Duke of Portland is foie Lord of the said Alanor, and seised of the same in Fee; and that the said Dean and Chapter of Carltfte are Proprietors of the CornTythcs within the said Manor, and also Patrons of the Vicarage of Castle Sowerby aforesaid; and that there is a large Common Aloor, or Tract of Waste Ground, commonly called Sowerby Pasture, and sundry small Parcels of Watte Ground, lying within the said Alanor, containing, by Ettimation, FiveThou-sand Acres, or thereabouts, which, if divided and inclosed, would be greatly improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for carrying the said Agreement into Execution, and confirming the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said PetitionAnd that All*.

Hewett and Air. Thoroton do prepare# and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Afayor, Aldermen, and BurgefleS, Theame, of the Town of Beverley, in the County of York, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing near, or travelling on, the Highways or Roads thereafter mentioned, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from, tho Bar, in the Township of Theame, being in the High Road from the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York aforesaid, over W,aun Ferry, through the 1'owns of Waun and Sutton, to the Holdemeffe Turnpike, and so on to the Towns of Hedon and Pattrington, in the said Riding, and also the Roads from Waun aforesaid, to tho Turnpike House at Routh, and from White Cross, through Brandjburton, to the Town of Bridlington, in the said Riding, are so deep and ruinous, and in some Parts so narrow, that the same cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, and repaired, by the general Laws now in force: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor amending and widening the said Roads, in such Afanner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Alatter thereof; and report the fame, as it fha.Il appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Air. Hezvett, Mr. Pennant, Air.

Weddell, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Darker, Sir Armine house, Sir Fletcher Norton, Mr. Cooper, Air.

Air. Prescott, Sir Edward Bayntun, Sir John Lindsey,

Air. Plumptre, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wynn,

Sir Robert Ladbroke, Air . Rushout, Mr. Penton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Myddleton, Mr. Thoroton, Air.

Air. Sandys, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Whately, Mr. Gascoync, Lord Broun low.

Bertie, Mr. Bindley, Captain Bentinck, Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. Walter, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Lcgh, Air.

Rajhleigh, Mr. Garth, Mr. Ward, Mr. Ongley, Air.

IIamis, Sir Edward lsham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Wiftmorland, and

Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Joseph Maicbey presented to the House, according Tty linen’s

to Nat'

fyif

A

XSB.

Whale

Fishery*

Itching

River

Navigation*

7 Geo. Ill, 290 Januarii* 91

to order a Bill for naturalizing Theodore Van Teylin-the River running from AI record, through gent ah Infant; and the same was received; and read Winchester, and the River Tojl, running through the first Time. bridge and navigable for Boats, Barges, Light-

Refulied, That the Bill be read a Second Time. efs, and other Vessels, from the said fevered Places re-

spectively, to the Sea, near Southamptonand that it A Petition of several Merchants, II is Majesty's British was enacted, That the said Persons re spectively* and no Subjects, concerned in the Whale Fishery, on behalf of other, should use and cmj)loy Boats, Barges, or any themselves and others concerned in the said Fishery, was other Vessels, upon the said Rivers, and take and re-' presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, ceive all Profits, Benefits, and Advantages, to become by an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King due and payable for the carrying of Corn, Wood, Salt, George JtheFirft, a Bounty Was granted of 20.r. a Ton, Iron, Timber, Coal, or any other Commodity what-, upon all Ships employed in Catching of Whales in the soever, bnt subject nevertheless to the Proviso or Restric-6Ymi/a«</and Seas adjacent; but, few or no Ships being tion, that the Rates of Carriage of Goods by Water fitted out upon that Encouragement, a further Bounty thoilld not exceed the Moiety of the Rates of Carriage of 1 of a Ton was granted, by an Act of the 13th Year by Land, in the Year 1663, to be ascertained by Com- ’ of his late Majesty’s Reign; and, that being also found missioners therein mentioned, and thereby appointed; insufficient to aufwer the Purposes intended,the Bounty and which Rates have not, since the making the said Was, by an Act of the 22d Year of his said late Majesty, Act, been settled or ascertained; and the same is now increased to \os. per Ton; and which, by Two several become impracticable and impossible; and that the Right Acts, have been continued to the 25 th of December 1767, and Property vetted in the said Undertakers, at the Time and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; of the said Act, hath, by Purchases, and other Ways and that, since t he granting of that Bonnty, a great many and Means, chiefly centered in one Person, who, being Ships from both Parts of the United Kingdom, have possessed of the foie Power and Privilege of Navigation been annually employed in the said Fishery, and many upon the said River, not only frequently refuses to carry more would have adventiired, but from the Checks and conVey the Goods of several Persons applying for given to that Trade, first by the M ar, and afterwards that Purpose, but also demands and imposes such Rates ' by the Short ness of the Time granted for the Bounty, 'and Duties for the Freight and Carriage of Com* Coals,* by the last Act of Parliament; and that, if Provision and other Goods, as he thinks fit, and hath thereby in was made, to continue the Bounty for a further Term, a great Measure acquired to himi’elf a Monopoly of fe-it would considerabl v increase the Number of Adven- veral Nccefl'aries of Life, to the great Damage and Op-turers, by which Means a Nursery for Seamen Would pression of several Poor and indigent Persons in the' be established, and several of our Manufacturers, who City of and other Parts of the Country; and

have been already instrufted, w ould be constantly cn- that the Commissioners, appointed by or in purl'uance gaged in the making the proper Utensils and Instru- of the said Act, and who are thereby authorized and ments employed in the Fishery; and that, if the Bounty impowered to regulate, settle, and determine, Differ-is not further continued, the Trade mult be entirely at ences and Disputes, and to redress Grievances and a Hand, the Charge of fortifying a Ship against the Ice Complaints relating to the said Navigation, and the for that Service, and the Fishing Materials, which are Execution of the said Act, are, by the Terms of the the greatdi Part of the Expence, being intirely useless said Act, obliged, upon any Matter left to their Deter-for any other Business: And therefore praying the * mination by the said Act, to give Notice to all Parties House to take the Premises into Consideration, and concerned, and to issue Summonses, or Warrants, to grant such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem Witnesses, to attend for the Purpose before mentioned; meet. and, as the Number, Persons, or Place of Reftdence, of

Ordered, That the said Petition lie referred to the the several Proprietors cannot at present be discovered Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- or ascertained, no Order, Judgment, or Determinat ion, mine, and state to the I louse, the Matter of Fact con- made by the said Commissioners, can be binding or contained in the said Petition: elusive to the Parties, unless such Notice, Summons, or

And it is referred to Si rjofeph MaiclmjfLord Iloxoe, Warrant, be served, and Proof thereof made before the 'Sir.Dotcdtficcll,\lr. Fuller, Sir John LindJ'ey, Lord Burg- said Commissioners, and which, under the present Cir-herjh, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Frederick cumstances, is utterly impracticable; and that, by the Campbell, Colonel Jforce, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Edmond- Methods, and in the Manner, whereby the said Naviga-Jtone, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Ru/houf, Mr. Harris, Mr. Pennant, tion is now managed, carried on, and conducted, great Sir Eduard Winnington, Mr. Witfon, Mr. Worjley, Mr. Loss and Prejudice is suffered by, and done unto, the Pc-Ridler, Lord Strange, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Campbell, Mr. titioners, and other Personswithin the Limits of the said Cttjl, Mr Hercey, Mr. Teuton, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr -Pres-Navigation; and as the said Act is, in several Inltances,

eott, Sir William Baker, Mr Cooper, Mr. Jenkinson,greatly deficient to answer the Purposes thereby intend-

Mr. Thralc, Mr. Heicett, Mr. Gascoyttc, Mr. Ryder, Mr. ed, therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring Jenyns, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Byde, Mr. Vane, Mr. Bind- in a Bill for explaining the said former Act, and render-

ley, Mr. Burrell, Sir Roger Neivdigate, Mr. Lowndes,ing the same more effectual, for the Ptirposes nforefuid;

Air. Burke, Mr. Dison;and all the Alerchants of the and also for giving to the Petitioners such Relief, or Re-House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five dress, in the Premises, as to the I Ioufe shall seem meet, of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

the Alatter thereof; and rqiort the lame, as it shall ap-A Petition of the Alaj'or and Aldermen of the City pear to them, to the House: of Winchester, and of the principal Inhabitants of the And it is referred to Air. Benton, Mr. Weddell, Air. said City, and of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Mer- Montagu, AIr. Buller, Mr. Lafccllcs, Mr. Toxcnjhcnd, A1 r. chants, and Trndefmen, living in the County of South-Wynn, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Fonncrcau^h. Pennant, Lord ' ampton, w hole Names are thereunto subscribed, Was Frederick Campbell, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Soutlnced, Air. presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, Mr. Air. Ryder, Mr. Henry, Air.

under the Authority of an Act made in the Sixteenth Air. Lord Strange, Mr. Air.

and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King Charles Knight, Mr. Sandys, Captain Air. Bull, Air.

the Second, formaking divers Rivers navigable, or other- Hopkins; and all the Members who serve for the wife paflalile, for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, Sir Counties of Southampton, Wilts, Dorjit, and Somerset: Humphrey Bennet, Knight, and divers Undertakers, and And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the other Persons therein named, and their respective Heirs Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to and Assigns, were authorized and impowered to make fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vol. 31. A Petition

92

29° yattuarii.

1767,

Rotherham

and

Hartcliflfe

Road*

Embargrt on Wheat; Petition for

A Petition of the Trullees nominated and appointed Orde That Sir George Yonge do carry the Bill in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the Fourteenth to the Lords, and acquaint them, tlrat this House hath Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Second for repairing the Road from Rotherham to Hart-

cliffe Hill, in the Parish of Penniston, in the County of A Petition of Godhard , and Co. George and

York, and of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farm- Peter Clifford, John Sin', and William Mor-

ers, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, living and redding in chants of the City of London, in behalf of tlieinl’elves the several Towns and Places adjoining or near to the and their Correfpoudents, being offered to be prelbnted Cump<n(ation, laid Road, and travelling in and using the fame, whose to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty'’a Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the Iioufc.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That His most gracious Majesty, in Council assembled, was pleased to lay an Embargo upon all said Parish of Penniston, divers Tolls and Duties were Ships laden, or to be laden, with Wheat, and Wheaten given and granted to, and veiled in, certain Trqliees Flour, in His Majesty’s Dominions, bearing

therein named, for repairing the Roads from DoncajlerDate the 26th September lull past; and that the Ditto Salter's Brook aforesaid; and divers other separate trclfes in Italy occasioned the Petitioners to receive and dillinft Tolls and Duties were granted to, and fundiy Commissions from their Correspondents in those veiled in, other different Trullees, therein also named, States for Wheat and Wheaten Flour, which Conuniffor repairing the said Road from Rotherham to Ilarl- lions were accordingly executed, and the Ships cleared cliffe Hill aforesaid; and several Powers and Authori- out from the Custom House in London, previous to His ties were thereby given to the said several Trullees, Majesty’s said Embargo, but being yet in the River

for enabling them respectively to put the said Act in Thames, they were, by the said Embargo, prevented

Execution, in such Manner as is therein mentioned; from proceeding on their respective Voyages, and the

Names respectively are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Doncaster, through the Parish of -n(ffon, in the County of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of Chester, and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of York, to Hill, in the

and that the Trullees so named and appointed, for repairing the Road from Rotherham to Ilartcliffe Ilill aforesaid, have borrowed, and taken up at Interest, the Sum of One Thousand Pounds, upon the Credit, and

laid Cargoes obliges! to be relanded and fold with confulerable Lots and Charges; the whole of which being upon foreign Account, and the Petitioners acting only as Factors, humbly pray, in behalf of their

in pursuance, and for the Purposes, of the said Act; said Correspondents, That they may have a Compen-

and that the Money so borrowed, together with the Tolls and Duties thereby given, granted, and made payable, have been duly applied by the said Trustees, in and for repairing the Road so directed to be repaired; but the said Sum cannot be repaid, and the Road repaired, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged, and the Tolls and Duties thereby‘given and granted be increased: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for renewing and enlarging the Term and Powers, and increasing the Tolls and Duties, granted by the said former Act, so far as the same relate to, concern, or affect, the said Road from Rotherham to Hartcliffe Hill aforesaid; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; an<l report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Penton, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Toionjhend, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Do Mr. Bailer, Mr.

Hezoett, Mr. Cuff, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Mr. Shiffner, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Mr. Ky-

fation granted them for their said Lodes and Damages, sustained by the said Detention and Embargo, out of the first Aids of Parliament, or in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and hate to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition.

And it is referred to Mr. Lord Strange,

Mr. Burrard, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Fuller, Mr. S/tiff-

ner, Mr. Buller, Mr. MeUish, Mr. Mr*

Wynn, Mr. Montagu, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gore, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Mr.

Brudenell, Mr. Ileicett, Lord George Sutton, Sir John

Lindsey, Mr. Milles, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Mr.

Coutts, ’Sir. Pennant, Lord Orwell, Mr. Whately, «Sir JarritSmith, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Mr. Coo-

per, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Ofzeald, Mr. Tozcnjhcnd, Lord Burgher/h, Sir JoJ'eph Maicbey, Mr. Darker, Colonel

Bane, Mr. Harris, Mr. PSir William Baker, Sir George Yonge, Mr. MyddeMr. Mr.

Freer, Sir William Beauchamp Prortor, Mr. Martin, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Culvert, Mr. Sir Fletcher

Norton; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the

naston, Mr. Edmondffone, Mr. Bacon, Sir CharlesMor-Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to

daunt, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Burrard, Mr. White, Sir Charles Frederick, Mr. Harris, Mr.

Jon, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Vane, Mr. Ridley, Sir JoJ'eph Maicbey, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Thorolon, Mr. Lewis, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Robert

fend for Persons, Papers, come are to have Voices.

and Records; and all who

A Petition of the Widows of the CommiflTion and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, being offered to

Lord Burgherjh; and all the Members who serve for be p re fen ted to the House;

Stott’s

Dirwee.

the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Stott, Esquire, with Jane Stott, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Natr

Officers

Widows*.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Time of War, a Widow* of a Captain usually received per Annum the Sum of Forty-Five Pounds, the Widow of a Lieutenant and Matter Thirty Pounds, the Widow of a Boatlwain, Gunner, Carpenter, Purler, Surgeon, and feeonil Master, Twenty Pounds, which Sums, in the printed Papers

7 Geo. III. 29* Jc

pepg published by the Admiralty, and delivered to the Petitioners at the Time of Payment, are called the full Peulions established by his late Majesty: but, for these Three Years, their Pensions hat e annually decreased, and are now so greatly diminilhcd, that many are rc-dueed to infupcrable and aliuoit insupportable Dillrefs;

s and, without the kind Intcrpolitiou and Relief of the

'c, House, their present very calamitous Situation is likely

to be rendered Hill more intolerable, by the excessive Dearness of Provisions, and the Crueljy of merciless Creditors, many of the unhappy Petitioners being now under continual Fears and Apprehcnlions of a Gaol, and iome confined in Prison for small Debts, not being able to raise any Money on the Credit of their nominal Pensions, being neither certain of the Sum to be received, nor the Time of Payment; and that the poor diltrelfed Petitioners cannot help thinking their same peculiarly singular and unfortunate.; and that the Peace, which was so defrrable to all, not only for the Security of Tfade, but on account of the immense Expence, and the Horrors and Devastations of War, has been alone fatal to them; every Reduction in the Navy, and the Savings thereby made to the Public, being a Reduction of the Pensions of the poor unhappy unfortunate Widow’s of those Men who put His Majesty’s Enemies into His Hands, secured His Subjects from dreaded and threatened Invasions, protected their Lives and Fortunes, and procured their Security and Happiness, at the Hazard and Expence of their own; Men, to whom (as some Plea in Favour of the Petitioners) they hope they may be permitted to say, this Nation is partly indebted for Victories, Conquests and Triumphs, which raised the Reputation of the British Arms to the iiigheli Pitch of Glory, and secured immense Acquilitions to the Crown of Great , at the Close

of a long, bloody, and expensive War: The unhappy Petitioners therefore most humbly hope. That the dip-x tinguished Services rendered to the Public by their brave but unfortunate Hidbands, w ill recommend them and their helpless Orphans to the Notice of Parliament; and they flatter themselves, that, as the Land Officers Widows are regularly paid every Four Months by a Parliamentary Settlement, the House will so far concur in -his late Majesty’s most humane and Royal Intention; of focusing a Settlement for the Widpws of Naval Officers, that, by the Authority of Parliament, their Pensions may />e fixed and regularly paid, which many of their Iluffiands have dearly purchased with the Price of their Blood.

Ordered, That the said Petition-;do lie upon the Table.

Ditto. Resolved, ‘That an humble Address be preferred to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, all Reports which have been made by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, in relation to any Petition from the Widows of Sea Officers, for an Augmentation of the Allowances at present made to them.

Ordered, That the said'Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this Hqiufe as are of His Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

\',f '

u, High Price Mr. Onslow, according to Order, reported from the w Corn. Committee, who were appointed to consider further of the present high Price of Corn, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterw ards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Importation of Barley, Barley Meal, and Pulse, be permitted, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was. Vox.. 31.

luarii. 93

upon the Question put thereupon agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That It be an Inllruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, purl’uant to the Resolution which was Yelterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the present high Price of Corn, and was then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolution this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from Supply,

the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Nine Thousand One hundred Seventy-seven Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

APetition of several Merchants, and others,mterefte'd Longitude» in the Navigation and Commerce of these Kingdoms, Harrison'* was presented to the House.and read; Setting forth, That T"ne-,t«ePer* it appears, by the Resolutions of the Commissioners of the Longitude, that Mr. John Harrison ha& invented and made a Time-keeper, which determines the Longitude at Sea; considerably within the nearell Limits prescribed by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for providing a Public Reward for iuchDiscovery; that the Voyage on which the Trial thereof depended, was fmished in the Month of July 1764; and the said Mr. John Harrison has finco received a considerable Sum of the Public Money on that Account; yet no Communication of the Principles and Construction thereof has hitherto been made to the Public, so as to be of the least Benefit to Navigation; and that the Petitioners have heard that a French Artist has lately obtained such knowledge of the Principles of the said Time-keeper, as makes it exceedingly to be feared, that the French will be the First in general Pof* fession of this great Discovery, which, the Petitioners apprehend, will be very detrimental to the Interest of these Kingdoms: And therefore praying the House will take the Premifes into Consideration, and grant such Relief therein, as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and Hate to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Prefect t Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Hawke, Mr.

Cufl, Mr. Onglcy, Captain Bent inch, Sir John Mr. Rigby, Lord Iiiwe, Mr. Montagu, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Buller, Mr. Pennant, Lord Sir George Yonge, Mr. Fuller, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Tmcnjhend,

Mr Burrell, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Fletcher Norton, Mr.

Dyfon, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Sr, Mr. Thurlow, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Shifner, Lord Palmerflon, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. ton; and all the Merchants of the House; and the Officers of the Navy: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber

B b and

1

Roads.

94

ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

Mr. Rufioutreported from the Committee,' to whottt

the Bill for continuing, altering, and amending, Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twelfth of King George the First, and of the Tenth of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of and for amending several other Roads near or adjoining thereto; was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabhati, 310 Januarii;

Anno 7* Georgii IU'1* Regis, 1767. Prayers.

J EONARD Meyer took the Oaths appointed, i order to his Naturalization.

29* — 31° yanuarii.

A. 1767.

m

The House Thank

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Doctor , for the Sermon by him

Dr. Porteus. p^hed Yesterday, before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster , and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. and Sir William

Maynard do acquaint him therewith.

Wymondham,

&c.

Roads.

Ditto,

A Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, met at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at the Castle of in the Shire-house there, in and for the said County of Norfolk, on Wednesday the 14th Day of e 767;

And also,

A Petition of the Clergy, Gentry, Merchants, Mar nufinftarersi, Traders, and others, of His Majesty’s Subjects, redding in the City of Norxvich, and in in the County of Norfolk, and also residing near, and passing through, the Highways and Road between Norwich fend. Thetford aforesaid (being Part of the great Road leading from Norwich td jLondo7t)'.whoie Names are schereuuio Cubscribed;

1 Were severally presented to the House, and read;

' Taking Notice of Two Acts, passed in the Se-

venth and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, and the Seventh Year of tire Reign of Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways between Wymondham and in

the County of Norfolk and setting forth. That by the said last mentioned Act the Road from Wymondham to Hetherfett, in the said County, was directed to be repaired; and that by Two other Acts, One passed in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and the other in the Twentieth Year of King George the Second, the said former Acts were further continued; and by the said last mentioned Act, Part of the Road, lying between Fallgate and the Mouth of Wigmore Lane, and also another Part of the Road aforesaid, leading from Hall-watt Gate, in Attleborough aforesaid, to Frettle-

bridge, in Attleborough aforesaid, were directed to be repaired; and that all the Money collected in pursuance of the said Acts hath been duly applied, and great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads; but that the same Roads are not in good Repair, nor can possibly be made so, unless the Term be enlarged, and the Provisions in the said several Acts made more effectual; and that other Parts of the great Road aforesaid,

Norwich, lying between the End of the Town Close, in the County of the City of,

and a Water-course, in the great Road, opposite a Fann House, in the Occupation of Cannell, in Hetherfett, and also other Parts of the said great Road, lying between Frettlebridge aforesaid, and the Chalk Pits in Thetford, in the said County, are in a very ruinous Condition, especially in the Winter Season, and in many Places very Harrow, and cannot he properly widened, amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said lait-recited Act, for repairing the Highways therein mentioned; and for amending and repairing those Parts of the said great Road, from Nonoich to Lirndon, lying between the End of the Town Close aforesaid, and the said Water-course, in the great Road in Hetherfett aforesaid; and also between Frettlebridge aforesaid, and the Chalk Pits in Thetford aforesaid; for such Time, in such Manner, by such Means, and with such farther Powers, as to the House shall foem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Confederation of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Sir Armine Lord George Cavendish, Mr. DeGrey, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir Roger Mr.

Ewer, Mr. Darker, Mr. Dowd Mr. Tozenfhend, Mr. Gore, Mr. Dundas, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Praed, Mr. Darner, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Rafhteigh, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lafcclles, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Knight, Sir Richard Glyn, Mr Mr.

Alderman Harley, Sir Robert Mr. Bootle,

Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Butter, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Dyfon,

Lord Orwell, Ninjackfon, Mr. Cujt, Mr. Vane, Mr.

Burke, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Onjloio, Mr. Fitzherbert; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, and And they are

to meet this Afberpoon,.at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto jfubferibed, was prefeuted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the Parish of Sherborne in the County of Norfolk, several Lands and Grounds, called Whole Year Lands, and Palture Grounds, Half Year Inclosures, Common Fields, and a Common, or Heath Ground; and that great Part of the said Lauds and Grounds is uninelofed, and the Property therein dispersed; and that it would be beneficial to the Petitioners, and others entitled thereto, if the same were divided and exchanged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, exchanging, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, and Common, and for extinguishing the Tythes and Sheep Walk, and Shackage of great Cattle, in the said Half Year Inclosures, and Common Fields, and Sheep Walk, and Right of feeding Horse Beasts, and Neat Bealls, and of catting Whinns; Furze, Brakes, Small Slirub Thoms, and Flaggs, on

the

9* A jack

[>n

y

Sherborne

Inclosurt*

7 Geo. III. 31 Januarii,95

the said Common, or Heath Ground; and for allotting specific Parts and Shares of all the said Lands, Grounds, and Commons, to the Proprietors thereof, and Persons intereliefl therein, according to their respective Rights and lateretts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House flia.ll seem meet.

OrderedThat Leave b£ given to bring in a Bill, pur-fuautto the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Armine iVodehouse and Mr. De Grey do prepare, and bring in, the ibnxe.

Stratford A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Ground^ in the Parish of Strafford upon c ure. jvon^ in the County of Warwit'k, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Township and Parish of Stratford upon Avon, and in the Townships, or Hamlets, of Welcombe and Bishoplon, within the said Pari ill, several Open and Common Fields, Common Grounds, and Commonable Places, which, in their present Situation, are not capable of any great Improvement; and that the Petitioners are delirous the same should be divided and inclosed, which would be advantageous to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bacon and Sir Roger Newdigate do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sj*en A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of cer-Inclosure. tain Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Pari ill of Speen, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read* Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish, several Common Fields, and Common Grounds, which are, in their present State, ihba--pable of any corrsiderable Improvement; and that if the said Lands were divided and inclosed the same would bfe much improved in Value: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bringin a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, {except Benham Marsh) under such Regulations and Restrifctions as to the House shall seem meet. 1;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to tho Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bacon and Sir John Hynde Cotton do prepare, and bring in, the fame. 1; ’ 5:

bxford, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy* fcftd other In-over habitants, of the Counties of Oxford and Berks, whose Botley Names are thereunto subscribed, Was presentfcd to the House, and read; Setting‘jforfli, Tlrat the Road from the West End o {Thames &rae4dtherwife George Lane, in the City of Oxford, over Batjey Causeway, (being one of the M ileways belonging to the l)nlverfi ty and Ci ty of Oxford) to Botley, and from thence over Cumner Nfirft, and Common Fields, through Be/tlsLeigh, and Ttf&ney Wood, to the Turnpike Road near Fifield, in the County of Berks, is very narrow, and ruinous, and cannot be futticiently repaired and Widehed by the ordinary our fe of Law; and that the Road from Botley, through Eyn-sham, to Witney, in the County of Oxford, was directed to be repaired and widened, by an Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty; but by reason of the Inconvenience of the Ferry over tile River Thames, between Swynford and Eynfham, and on account of the Narrowness of BotleyCauJ'eway, the said Road has not hitherto been pattkble for Carriages, and is in feme Places dangerous for Horsemen; and that the Petitioners observe,that a Bill is liow depending in Parliament for building a Bridge between Swynford and Eyn-sham, which, they apprehend, will effectually remove one of the said Impediments; and that, by the widening of BotlcyCaujiway, the other may be also entirely removed, and a commodious Pa huge for Carriages be opened, not only between Oxford and Fifield, but also between Oxford and Witney, and the several Places before men-Vol. 31.

tioned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Causeway and first-mentioned Road; and that such further Relief may be given in the Premises, by way of Abidance (if necessary) to the WitnessRoad, or other- 4 wife, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ihkli appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Mack-worth, Sir Charles Tynte, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Montagu, S\rJarr it Smith,

Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Hetvcft, Mr. Smith, Lord Gather* lough, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Shiffiicr, Sir Alexander Graijit, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Praed, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Befi, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Cooke, Sir William Beauchamp Prottor, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. De Grey,

Lord Clare, Mr. Jenkinfim, Lord Brozonlotv Bertie, Mr.

Burrell, M r. Plumptre, Mr A w/Vere, Colonel Barre, Mr.

Campbell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Berks, Backs, Gloucester, and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the*Chancellor, Matters, and Scholars, Ditto* of the Uhiverfity bf Oxford, and of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Oxford, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Tharthe Petitioners are in formed, that an Application is intended to be iftade, for Leave to bring in d Bill, among other Things, for widening and repairing the Causeway froth Oxford1 to Botley, ami the Roads from thence, through Eynfham, to Witney, and also over Cirmnerhurfi, and Common Fields, through Befits Leigh, and Tubney -Wood, to FifieldJ and that the said Causeway is one of the MileWays committed the Care of the Petitioners,

by divers ancient Acts of1 Parliament, With Power to levy certain finall Contributions from the neighbouring Parffhes, for repairing add importing the feme. Which are, by Length of Time,‘ become very inadequate to the Purpose for which they were granted; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the widening and repairing the said Causeway, and the otto Roads abovementioned, will be Very beneficial to th6 said University and City, and all the adjacent Country; and that they are Willing and deOrOus that the Management of the said Mileway, and the Collection of the said Contribu-tibfisy may be vetted in the Trustees to he up pom ted in -the said Bill; and that the Petitioners also apprehend it may be necessary to remove certain Houses upon Ot adjoining to the said Causeway, or in the Avenues Within the said City of Oxford leading to the fame, in order to render the Railage more completely commodious: And therefore praying. That Leave may be giveh tb bring in such Bill as aforesaid, and that the same may pass into a Law, and that Provision may be made therein, for the Purpose aforesaid, under such Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of John Dodson, Clerk, Vicar of the Vicar4- Cubblngton age of Cubbington, in the County of Warwick, Thomas Inclosure. JVigh tzv ick K nightleyfofeph Bliffet, and William Mu rcott,

Esquires, John Boddington, and Joseph Ruff'd, Proprietors of Lands in the said Fields, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Woods, containingThirty Yard Lands and an Half; and also, other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Cubbington, Parcel of the Manors of GubbTngton,\vh.eYe\v\ the

Lands

i* yanua

A. 1767.

Lands of the Proprietors lie intermixed and dispersed; have unavoidably incurred considerable Debts, and are which hath been, found very inconvenient and detri- now under the Necclfity of levying very high Duties, mental: And therefore praying, That J^eave may be (more than their Trade can l'upport) in order to rail'e given to bring in a Bill to mclofe the fame. Supplies equal to their Expences: And therefore pray-

Ordered, Tlwt Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ing the House to take the Premises into Consideration; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that and grant the Petitioners such Abidance and Eucou-Sir Roger Neivdtgate and Sir Charles Kemys Tynte do ragement as may be thought neeeifary and proper,

prepare, and bring in, the fame. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Little A Petition of William Colegrave, Esquire, Lord of fcllingham the Manor of Little Elli/igham, and also Owner and Padih Bound*. pr0prietor of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in die Parish of Little Ellingham, in the County of Nor-/oik, on Behalf of himself, and the other Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the last Session an Act was passed, for dividing and inclosing the Commons, and Wade Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Ellingham, in the County of Norfolk; and that, lince the passing the said Act, Disputes have arisen between the said Owners and Proprietors, and the Owners and Proprietors, of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the Several Parishes of Hin and Great Ellingham, touching the Boundaries of the said Parish of Little Ellingham, whereby the said Act is rendered ineffectual, and cannot be carried into Execution; nor can the Petitioners avail themselves by Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to settle and ascertain the Boundaries of the said Parish of Little Ellingham, by fqch Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. De Grey and Sir Armine Wodehonfe do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Levant A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Mer-

chants of England, trading into the Levant Seas,was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trade between this Kingdom and Turkey, has for a long Series of Years been carried on by a Society of Merchants, incorporated by Charters, and regulated by Acts of Parliament; and that the said Trade is in no Sense a Monopoly, it confiding of an unlim ited Number of Members, who each engage Separately in the said Trade, at their own Risque, and into which Company any British Subject may be admitted, upon Payment of Twenty Pounds; and that, in order to carry on the said Trade with Safety, and for protecting H is Majesty’sSub jests, in the Turkish Dominions, it has been found uecessary that

there should be an Ambassador sent side at Coifantinople, and that there lliould beConfuIs, Vice Conluls, and other Officers and Servants, in the other Parts of the Turkish Dominions, where any British Subjects reside, or where the English carry oi\Trade, the whole Expence whereof has hitherto been borne by the Turkey Company, and, together with other nocessary Expences, incident to the carrying on the said Trade, has, of late Years, amounted to upwards of £. 10,000 per Annum; and that the Chief, of the.Exports from hence to Turkey have been the Produce , and Manufactures of these Kingdoms, viz. Woollen Cloth, of which the said Company, for a long Term of Years, did not -export less than 16,000 Pieces, and very considerable Quantities of Tin, Lead, and other Goods; and the chief Imports have been raw Materials for our Manufactures, such as Silk, Mohair, Yarn; Cotton, and Goat’s Wool; and also Fruit, Drugs, and many other Commodities; and that the saidTrade,to and from once

so flourishing, is now, from many unavoidable Events, and concurring Circumstances, much reduced; and the Petitioners are sensible, that they should not discharge the Duty incumbent upon them by their Charter, nor the Justice they owe to the Public, if they did not declare their Inability to proceed anyfurtlier,unless relieved by Parliament, as, on account of their declining Trade, they

J7

A Petition of the several Merchants, Traders, and others, refilling within or couftantly retorting to the City of London, whose Names are thereunto fubl'cribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, or their Lessees, are possessed of, or entitled unto, all the Prebendal Estate of Hullnoell, otherwise Finsbury, Parcel of the Possessions of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, in the said City, lying contiguous to the same City, under a Lease, of which about Sixteen Years are now to come; and that, from the great Increase of the Inhabitauts, Trade, and Commerce, of the said City, the Want of proper and suitable Habitations, and other Conveniencies, for the Petitioners, and others, residing in or resorting to the said City, hath been long felt and complained of; and that the Opening a New Street, from the Mansion House, within the said City, to communicate with the said Prebendal Estate, and the disposing, carrying out, and building, upon that Estate, would not only remove the said Inconveniences, but be of public Ornament and Utility; and that although the present Prebendary of otherwise

Finsbury, is willing and delirous to facilitate the said Delign, yet, by reason of the Want of Power in him to grant a competent Term in his said Prebendal Estate, for the Encpuragement of such an Undertaking; and also from the Want of Power, not only to purchase the Estate and Interest of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the said City, and their Lellees, in the said Estate; but likewise such Grounds as are necessary and proper to be laid into the said Street, and making the proper and suitable Erections and Buildings on each Side thereof, the said good Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for carrying into Execution the said Deligns, and for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Me, for,he Y^, 9

TeWorlheN,es,f ft £$£ \u

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Prefcotl, Lord Mr. S' hijfner, Mr. Dowdejioell, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Cooke,

SirCharlesKemysTynte, LordThomond,

Fitzherber.t, M r.Legh, Slv-Reynolds, Lord Brownlou Bcr-

tie,^»lr.Chobnley, }Ar.Thurlo:o,\lr.Calv

deley, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Darker, Mr. Mr.

Bootle, Mr. Praed, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Damer, Mr. 7 bucket, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Paterjon, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Cooper, Sir Lynch Cotton, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Wynn, Mr Mr. Mon-

tagu, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Aldermen Beckford, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr Mr. Iloa-

blon. Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir

Francii Vincent, Sir William Maynard,\lr. Sandys; and

all the Members who serve for the City of and for the Counties of Middl/er, Essex, Hertford, Surrey, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of

London; Fmfbury New Street,


b;

Oil*;,

Mcver’s

Nat.

Army;

Mi/iny

and

Ddcrtion.

Whitchurch

ihro*

Bur ley dam Road.

Woor

Roads,

7 Geo. III. 31° Janu 97

the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and havePovvbr to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for naturalizing Leonard Meyer was read a Second Time.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Prefi-cott, Mr. Praed, Mr. Wilbraham, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Lawrence, Mr. Bootle, Lord Clare, Mr. Grofii enor.Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir William Owen,

Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Mackicorth, Mr.

Thurlezv, Mr. Darner, Sir Richard Mr. Darker,

Mr. Paterfim, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Mr. Shiffner,

Mr. 7 bucket, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Jennings,.

Mr. Da foil. Sir Jofieph Mawbey, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir

Edward Bayntun, Kir. Bull, Admiral Mr.

Cholmley, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Buller, Mr. Loumdes, Lord Thomond, Mr. Bindley,

Mr. Knight: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refi/red, That the Bill be committed to-a Committee of the whole House.

Rifiolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve it fclf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition offeveralGentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the Count ies of Salop, and S/afi-

fiord, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road from the Town of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, through dum, Audlem, and Buerton, in the County of Chester, and Onneley,in the County of Stafford, through Made-

ley to the Turnpike Road, leading from Nantiuich, in the County of Chester, to Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford;and also the Road from Hinjlock, in the said County of Salop, to Drayton, and from thence to Adderley, Audlem, and to

Nantwich aforesaid, in the said County of Chester, are, for the most part, in a ruinous Condition, and too narrow in many Places, and cannot be widened and sufficiently repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Prefi-cott, Mr. Cholmley, Sir Jofieph Mawbey, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Grofivenor, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Bootle, Mr DaSir houfie, Mr. Thurlow, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Burrell, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Jackfion, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Dowdejicell, Mr. Dempjter, Lord George Cavendish, Admiral Keppel, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Darker, Sir Richard Glyn, Lord Mr. Cal-

vert, Mr. llarvey, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Prtfie Campbell, Mr. Ryder; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Salop, and Stafford, and for the Principality of Wales; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution the Acts of Parliament herein after mentioned, so far as respects the Road thereinafter described, from the End of the County of Stafford, to the City of Chester; and also of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Vol. 31.

Freeholders, of the County of Chester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, an Act was passed for amending, altering, continuing, and making more effectual, Two Acts of the Second and Seventeenth Years of his said late Majesty’s Reign, (or repairing, amongst other Roads, the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Poll Road towards the City of Chester, through Woor, in the County of Salop, to Nantwich in the County of Chester, and from Nantwich to Tarporley, and from thence through Tarvin, in the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester; and that there is now due and owing, upon the Credit of the said Acts, a considerable Sum of Money; and that it hath been found, by Experience, that a sufficienfc Fund cannot be raised by the present Tolls and Duties, for the effectual repairing and supporting the said Road, and discharging the said Debt; and that the said Acts are, in many Respects, defective; and that the several Roads from the Market Town of Northwich and ford Bridge, in the said County of Chester, through the Town of Tarvin aforesaid, to the said City of Chester, are, in many Places, deep, narrow, ruinous, and out of Repair, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers, and explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of the before-mentioned Acts as relate to the said Road from the End of the said County of Stafford, to the said City of Chester, and for repairing and widening the said Roads from Northwich and Wins ford Bridge aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Calvert, Mr Darner, Mr. Knight, Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Wilbraham, Mr Lowndes, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Cooke, Sir Jofieph Mawbey, Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Grofi-

venor, Lord Catherlough, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Praed, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Sandys, Mr.//e wett, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Cooper,

Mr. jackfion, M r. Paterfion, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr.

Mr. Touchet, Mr. Lewis, Sir Richard Glyn, Mr. Aider-

man Beckfiord, Sir John Hynde Cotton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Stafford, and Lancaster; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Chester, and of the Trustees for putting in Execution the Acts of Parliament thereinafter mentioned, so far as respects the Road thereinafter described, Horn the End' of the County of Stafford, to the City of Chester; and also of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Freeholders, of the County of Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations and Prayer as in the last preceding Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred.

A Petition of Richard Wynne, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Newton, in the County of Lincoln, and Patron of the Rectory of the Parish Church of Newton aforesaid, and Thomas Browne, Esquire, principal Proprietors of the Lands in the said Manor and Parish; Was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, in the said Manor and Parish, certain Open Fields and Meadows, containing about 1000 Acres, wherein the C c Land*

Ditto.

Newton

Inclosure.

Hemp and FJax.

Skelton

Inclosure*

Old

Common

Inclosure.

98 31 JanuariiA. 1767.

Lands of the Petitioners, and others, lie intermixed and dispersed in final I Parcels, and are not, at present, capable of any conftdcrable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed they might be improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brawtihm Bertie, mid the Lord Burgherjh, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Growers of and Dealers in Hemp and Flax, and others, of the Town of Gainsborough, the Ille o includ-

ing the Towns of Epworth, Crozele, , and of other Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are large Tracts of Land, about the said Towns and Villages, or Places adjacent, from which great Quantities of Hemp and Flax, as good as any in Europe, have been raised for some Centuries pail, and are full raised, to the great Advantage of the Proprietors of those Lands, as well as of the Fanners, and Tenants, who cultivate and occupy the fame, and of great Numbers of Labourers employed about them; and that, by an Act pafibd in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’sReign, a Bounty of Eight Pounds per Ton on all Hemp and Flax is granted to the , who

pay nothing for their Lands; and that the Farmers and Occupants of the jull-mentioned Lands, in the Towns near Gainsborough, the Iile of , and Places adja-

cent, not only have no Bounty, but pay from Fifteen Shillings to Four Founds per Acre for their Lands; and

that they are juilly apprehensive,that,fofoonas in consequence of the said Bounty any conllderable Quantities of Hemp and Flax shall be raised in America, to answer the Consumption here, that the Am will be able to

fell those Commodities so much cheaper than the Petitioners, that an End must be put to the Growth of them, on the said Lands, as well as in every Part of this Kingdom; and that they will be reduced to One Fourth Part of their presentValue: And therefore praying for such Relief and Encouragement, in common with the rest of His Majesty’s Subjects, as to the House shall seem moll expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Walter Fletcher, Esquire, one of the Joint Lords of the Manor of Skelton, in the County of Cumberland, and of Henry Brougham and Godfrey Woodward Vane, Esquires, and Mary Blencowe, Widow, in Behalf of themselves and others, being entitled to Right of Common and other Intereil, in a Tract of Waste Land within the Parish of Skelton aforesaid, called Skelton Pasture; and also several other Commonable Places, within the said Manor and Parish; was presentt:d to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Pasture, and other Commonable Places, contain 5000 Acres, and upwards; and in their present Situation yield little or no Advantage to the Parties interested therein; but if inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments, might be greatly improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavehdish, Mr. Dowdefioell, and Sir Anthony Abdy, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Lanes, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old,otherwise in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Montagu, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Pres Mr. Mr.

Hewett, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Knight, Colonel Barre, Sir JarritSmith, Mr. , Mr. Rey-

nolds, Mr. De Grey, Lord Cathcrlough, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Rash leigh, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Wynn, Mr.

Mr. Penton, Lord George Cav, Mr.

Mr. Robin/on, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Thynne, Sir Edward

Bayntun, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Fletcher Norton, Mr. Tozvn/hend, Mr.

burn, Mr. Whalely, Mr. Garth, Lord John,

Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Plummer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of,

Leicester, Warwick, Lincoln, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Persons,whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Parish of North Piddle, in the County of Worcester,was presented to the House, and read; Setting torth, That the said Lands and Grounds lie open and intermixed, and are inconveniently situated for the Owners thereof: And therefore praying That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dowdefzcell and Lord George Cavendish do prepare, and briyg in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, beingOwners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, lying in the Parish of Willerfey, in the County of Gloucester;and of Personsvvhoare entitled to Tythes, and are Guardians, or Tmftoes, for Infants, entitled to Lands, or Tythes, within the said Parish of Willerfey, in the said County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting lorth, That the said Lands and Grounds he open and intermixed, and are inconveniently situated for the Owners thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Lease be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dowdeswell and Lord George Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put inExecu-tion an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,forascertaining,preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford, to the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for preserving and improving the said River, from the said Town of Ware, to the new Cut, or River r made by the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizensof

don; and for enabling the Governor and Company of the New River the better to supply the Cities of London and Westmmfer, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, with good and wliolefome Water; and of several Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, of the Co’untics o Essex, and Middlesex, whole Names are thereunto iub-feribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, the Trustees, have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers granted them by the said Act; but that, notwithstanding all their Care and At ten* tion, the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford, to the River of Thames, is still very bad and defective; and that the Powers of the said Act are not sufficient to enable the Petitioners to makea good and el-feftual Navigation; and that, by a Survey lately made under the Direction of the Petitioners, it appears, that the Navigation of the said River is capable ofbeing greatly improved; and that it would greatly tend to remove the Difficul t ies and Obllruftions, if the Petitioners, the Truf-

tees.

North

Piddle

Inclosure.

Willcrfler

Inclosure.

River Lee Navigation.

7 Geo. III.

310 Januaru.

99

Koe’3

and

W.lff’s

Nar.

Mandrot'i

Kat.

tees were impowered to make several new Cuts, or Canals leading out of, and into the Channel of the said River Lee, at several Places between *hc said Town of Hertford and Bromley Lock, and another new Cut, or Canal, leading from the Channel of the said River, at, or near to, Bromley Lock aforesaid, through the Parish of Brotnley Saint Leonards, the Hamlet of Poplar and Blackball, in the Parish of Saintother-

wife Slebonheath, and the Parish of

in the County of MiddleJ'cx,into the River Thames,

adv antageous to the several Proprietors thereof, to have the same divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and ineloling the lame, in fitch Manner as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Sir Charles Keinys Tynte, Sir Smith, and Sir

Richard WarwickBanipfylde, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

at or near Limehouse Bridge Dock; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for further improving the Navigation of the River Zee, for removing the Difficulties and Obstructions therein, and for rendering the same shorter, more safe, and certain, by making and maintaining several new Cuts and Canals, by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers, and under such Provisions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the' said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the I louse:

And it is referred to Mr. Honblon, Lord Mr. Plummer, Sir John Griffin Griffin, Mr. Seymour, Sir William Baker, Mr. Nicolson Calvert, Mr. Jennings, Mr.

Hume, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Brand, Sir Benet Garrard, Mr. ThomlinJ'on, Sir George Colebrooke, Sir Matthew Lamb, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Toionjhend, Mr. Reynolds, Lord Lijburve, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Prescott, Lord Bateman,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Monson, Sir Laurence Dundas, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Gore, Mr. Dundas, Sir Long, Sir

John Sebright, Lord Adam Gordon, Mi*. Long, Sir William Maynard, Sir John H Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Paterjbn, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Cooper, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Sir Richard Bampfylde, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Thurlow, Mr, Bindley, Lord Caiherlough, Mr. Praed, Mr. Rajhleigh, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Admiral Keppel, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Sandys; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Essex, Middlesex, Hunting-

don, Suffolk, and Norfolk; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and hav e Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

Road.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, whose Tenterden, Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the SiC-House and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed. Application has been made for a Bill for repairing the Road Irom. the Turnpike Road in the Town of Tenterden, in the County of Kent, to the Bottom of Barrons Hill, near Afford,in the said County; and that the Road leading from BullGreen to Hot It field Heath, in the said County, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and incommodious: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and widening the said Iait-mentioned Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen,

Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants living in and near the Road leading from the Turn pike Road, in the Town of 7en/erden, in the County of Kent., through

the Parishes of High Holden and Beiherjden, in the said

County of Kent, to and over Bull Green, in the Pari

ofBelherfdenaforesaid; and horn thence to and through Great Char, in the County of Kent aforesaid, to the Bottom of Barrons Hill, near the Town of Afford, in the said County of Kent; is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Sir Jarrit Smith presented to House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Koe and George Wolff': And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Jarrit Smith, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Samuel Mandrot: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Major, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London Common Council

assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That, by an Act; passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of King George, the Second, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the Iliver Thames, from Black Friars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side, in the County of Surrey, tl»e Petitioners were empowered to build the said Bridge, to make, enlarge, or improve, Streets, Ways, and Passages, on each Side of the said River, to and from the said Bridge, to fill up the Channel of Bridewell Dock, between the said River and Fleet Bridge, and to light and watch the said Bridge, when built; and

City of London;

Public Buildings, St o.

that the Petitioners, for the Purposes aforesaid, were Mendip APetition of Thomas Homer, Esquire, Frances Long, empowered to take certain Tolls for the Passage of the

Inclosure. Spinller, MatthewBrickdale, Esquire, William Norman, said Bridge; and on the Credit thereof, to raise any Esquire, John Paget, Clerk,' John Long, Gentleman, Sum, not exceeding £. 160,000; and the Petitioners William Norman, Joshua Pratten, James Shepherd, have accordingly proceeded to carry the said A A into William Womell, Richard Chambury, William Purnell, Execution, and, towards the Expence thereof, have Thomas Wilcox, Jane Burge, Jane Purnell, John Buffi, borrowed the Sum of £. 144,000, besides which, they William Plaiffen, Samuel Barnard, A iffinClavey, George have contributed the Sum 16,200, and have raised Budd, Phebe Stone, James Robines, George Ellery, Wil-

liam Clayey, and others whose Names are thereto subscribed, W'as presented to the FIoufe, and read; Setting forth. That there is a large Open Uncultivated Common, or TraA of Ground, Parcel of the Forest of Mendip, situate within the Parish of Stoke St. Michael,

otherwise Stoke Lane, in the County of Somerset sand

that the Freeholders, and Owners of Lands or Tenements within the said Parish, have, in respect of such their Lands or Tenements, a Right of Common in, over, and upon the said Common; and that it would be

Vol. 31.

the Sum of £. 12,180. 17 s. by the Dividends and Profits upon Part of the said Monies invelted in the Public Funds, and the Sum of £.659. 1 o.r. 6d. Iiy the Sale old Materials, and temporary Rents of fomp Premises purchascdfor the Purposes of the said Act; which several Sums amount together to the Sum of £.173,040. 7 6d. whereof the Petitioners had at Midsummer last expended the Sum of£. 140,595. 1 so that there

then remained a Balance in Hand of^.32,444. 7 7

which, together with the Sum of £.695. then expected to be received, will raise the said Balance to

Z-33»°^9-

100 31* Jdnuar 1767.

£.33,089- 12s. -]\d.; and that by Estimates of the Works which remain to be done, to complete the said Bridge, and of Premises necessary to be purchased for the Avenues thereto (exclusive of Roads on Surrey Side), the same require a further Sum 0^.58,500; and that the Petitioners conceive the intended Toll on the said Bridge, when the same shall be completed, will be a great Obstruction to the Passage thereof, and a Burthen upon the Public; and therefore they presume to hope that the House will be of Opinion, that the freeing the said Bridge from such Toll will be of public Utility and Advantage, in which same it will be necessary to provide some other fulhcient Fund for railing, as well the Sum of £.144,000 to discharge the Money borrowed, as the said Sum of £.58,500 Hill wanting for the Purposes aforesaid. And that the Passage over London Bridge is subject to a prescriptive Toll upon all Carts, Waggons, and other Carriages, passing to or from the said City, loaden with any Kind of Goods or Provisions, which Toll is appropriated to the Support of the said Bridge, and is at this Time let upon a Lease for Twenty-one Years, for a Fine of £.2,100, and at and under a Yearly Rent of £.735; and that the Col-Jertion of this Toll greatly obstructing the Passage of the said Bridge, and being a Burthen upon Trade, the Petitioners conceive that the freeing of the said Bridge therefrom will also appear to be of public Utility and Advantage, and will require the Sum of £. 30,000. And that the Wharfs between Paul’s Wharf, in the City of London, and Milford Lane, in the county of ,

by their different Encroachments, not only form an irregular and disagreeable Outline, but afford the Owners of some an undue Preference and Advantage over others, at the same Time that the reflected Set of the Tides, both of Ebb and Flood, throws the Force of the Stream upon the Surrey Shore, oppositeto

and of consequence slackens the Current on the London Side; which, together with the large Sewers that empty themselves in the Neighbourhood, occasions a conllant Accumulation of Sand, Mud, and Rubbish, and thereby not only destroys great Part of the Navigation, at Low Water, but renders the Wharfs inaccessible, by the loaded Craft, even at High Water, unless at Spring Tides; that the Petitioners are advised all these Inconveniences might be removed, if the North Side of the River was embanked, so as to range in a Line with the North Entrance of the said intended Bridge, the North Butment of which is so constructed, as that it may, at the Expence of Labour only, be made to coincide therewith, and the Expence of such Embankment is estimated at the Sum of £. 7,500. And that the Royal Exchange, originally erected by Sir Thomas,

under the Aulpices of Queen Elizabeth, and rebuilt soon after the Fire of London in 1666, is so much de-caj7ed as to threaten its total Demolition, unless speedily and effectually repaired; and that the said ne-celfury Repairs are estimated at the Sum of £. 10,000, a Sum which the present State of the Revenues appropriated thereto can by no Means afford. And that the Goal o i Nnegate,which is not only the County Gaol

of Middlesex, as well as London, but the general Prison for State Prisoners, and Smugglers from all Parts of the Kingdom, is so final] and ill contrived, that it is impossible to accommodate the unhappy Persons confined there, with a suficient Supply of fresh Air and W ater, the Debtors Side not enjoying even the common Benefit of Light in any Hour of the Day, or at any Season of the Year; from which Circumstances the said Gaol is in general unhealthy, and often visited with a malignant Fever, called the Goal Distemper, the fatal Effects of which have sometimes extended beyond the Prison Walls; besides which, the said Goal is so old and ruinous, as to be incapable of Improvement, or any tolerable Repair; and that the rebuilding the said Goal in a more airy and commodious Manner is estimated at the Sum of £.50,000; Aud that the said several Sums 16

amount together to the Sum of £.300,000; which, (how much soever the Petitioners have the above-mentioned Purposesnt Heart) cannot be raised without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; and that, by an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors of the City of London, it was amongst other Things enacted. That, for and towards railing a perpetual Fund, to pay the yearly Interest of Four Pounds for every £. 100 Principal Money, and Interest thereof, then due to any Orphan of the said City, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of any such Orphan, all and every the City’s Eltates and Revenues, should be for ever charged with the clear Annual Sum of £.8,000; and the said Act did also appropriate to the Fund and Purposes aforesaid, the Rents and Profits of the said C ity’s Aquaedurts; and the Sum of £.2,000 was thereby directed to be Annually raised upon the Personal Eliates of the several Inhabitants, within the said City and Liberties, towards the said Fund; and for the further Increase 1 hereof, the Sam of Two Shillings and Sixpence was directed to be paid upon the binding of every Apprentice within the said City, and Five Shillings ]>y every Person admitted a Freeman thereol; and the said Art imposed upon all Sorts of Wine imported info the Port of the said City, or the Members thereof, by way of Merchandize, a Duty of Four Shillings per To:, over and above the Duties then payable thereon; and for every Chaldron of Coals, or Culm, imported into^ the said Port, or the River of Thameswithin the Liberty

of the said City, upon the same lliver, to be sold, a Duty of Four Pence for Met age for ever; and also for all Coals, or Culm, usually sold by the Chaldron, for every Chaldron thereof which should be imported into the said Port, or Members thereof, from the 29th of September, 1700 (over and above all other Impoiitious and Duties, and the said Sum of Four Pence) the Sum of Sixpence; and for such Coals as were sold by the Ton, for every Ton thereof the like Sum of Sixpence, the said ImpolHion of Sixpence to continue from the said 29th of September for 50 Years; and that, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-full Year of the lleign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the further Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London, and for other purposes therein mentioned, the said Duty of Sixpence per Chaldron, or Ton, of Coals, or Culm was further continued during a Term of 35 Years, from the Expiration of the said Term of 50 Years; and out of the Monies arising by the said Imposition so continued, the Yearly Sum of £. 3,000 was directed to be paid, during the said Term of 35 Years, to the Wardens and Commonalty of the Myllery of Mercers of the City of London, in the Manner, and for the Purposes, in the said Art mentioned; and the Reiid uc of the said Monies was thereby appropriated to'make Part of the Fund for paying the Interest to the said Orphans, and other Creditors of the said City; and it was thereby directed, that, from and after the 29th of September 1750, the City's Estates and Revenues should be charged with the Yearly Sum of £. 2,000, and no more, over and above the said Y'carly Sum of £. 8,000 wherewith they then flood charged; and that the Surplufes arisen, or to arise, from the Funds so appropriated for Payment of the said Interest, should be applied to t lie Payment of the said Capital Debt; and that the said Surptufes have been applied accordingly, and thereby the said Capital Debt was, at Midsummerlaft, reduced to the Sum of £.610,084. rod.; and (computing the future Sur-plufes at a Medium of the last Five Years) the Whole may be expected to be paid oil'and discharged by Lady Day 1803; and that, if the several Duties and fmpoli-tions, which compose the Orphans Fun 6, were continued to Lady Day 1832, the said Fund would, with the Addition thereto of £. 1,500 per Annum, lie lufficieut in that

Time,

Rad north ire Roads,

St. Ives fter.

7 Geo. III.

310 Januariu

IOI

Time to discharge the Principal and Interest, not only of the said Orphan’s Debt, but of the further Sum of /. 300,000; and that, if such Fund might be made a Security for raising the said Sum, lor the several Purposes above stated, the Petitioners are willing and desirous that the City’s Estates and Revenues should, for and during that Period, be charged with the Payment of the said Yearly Sum of £. 1,500 towards the Increase of the said Fund, over and above the Yearly Sum of £. 10,000 with which the said Eltates and Revenues now Hand charged; and that, as there will be no Fund for defraying the Expences of lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing the said new Bridge, when the same shall be exempted from the intended Toll thereon, the'Petitioners conceive that a real'onable Quit Rent, upon the Ground to be taken in from the River, within the Limits aforesaid, would forma proper and unexceptionable Fund for that Purpose: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that Leave may' be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing and enabling the Petitioners to execute the several great Works and Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Directions and Limitations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, mid date to the Hoyfe, the Matter of Fa6t contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Mr.

venor, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Long, Mr. Sir

Robert Long, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Glover, Lord Thoniond, Sir Richard Glyn, Mr. Price, Sir Griffin

Griffin, Mr. PaterJ'on, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Boone, Mr. Shiffiner, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Prescott,

Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Laois, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Dundas, Mr. Gore, Lord Strange, Sir Dundas,

Mr. Coutts, Lord North, Doctor Hay, Lord Bateman,

Mr. Shut flavor th, Mr. Thurlo Mr. Sir

Jarrit Smith, Mr. Smith; and all the Members who serve for the City of London and for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, Hertford, Kent, Bucks, Berks, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for amending, repairing, and widening, several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laois, Mr. Price, Mr. Alderman Harley, Lord Palmer ft on,

Mr Sandys fs\x. Shiffiner, Lord Catherhugh, Mr.

Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Wedderbum Mr. Prescott, Lord Clare, Mr. Gore, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Brand, Mr. zon, Mr Grosvenor, Sir William Baker, Sir Robert Lad-

broke, Mr. Cud, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Sargent, Lord North, Lord Bateman, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Boone, Mr. Hewett, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Mr.

Darker, Mr. Archer, Mr. Gilbert, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Buller, Mr. Edmonjtone, Mr. JackJ'on, Mr; Fuller, Mr. Montagu, Mr. JenkinJ'on, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ward; and all the Members who serve for the Principality of Wales, and the Counties of Hereford, Monmouth, Salop, and and they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Inhabitants; of the Town of St, Ives, in the County of Cornwall, and of the Gentlemen, and Merchants, residing near, and trading to and from the same, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Port of St. Ives, in the County of Cornwall, is situated upon the North of St. George's Channel, about Twelve Miles within the Lands End of England, and distant about Twenty-eight Leagues from any Harbour of Safety in those Seas; and that by erecting.a proper Voi» 31.

Pier the said Port of St.Ties would be rendered a safe and commodious Harbour, become oaf}' of Accels, and afford great Protection to the Lives and Properties of many of His Majesty’s Subjects and others at present frequently exposed to Loss and Hazard through the want of such a Resort, and that the Petitioners are convinced that the said Difign may be carried into Execution by the Aid of a small Tonnage or Duty to be laid on Ships or Vessels likely to partake of the Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, a to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Gentlemen of the Counties of Spernall Afb, Warwick and Worcester, whose Names are thereunto &c-subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Roa"* Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is ordered to be brought in for repairing and widening the Road from SoAfh, in the County' of Warwick, to Ajb-n, near Birmingham, in the said County of Warwick; and that, if the Repairs of the said Road were continued, from Ashn aioiesaid, as far as a Street called Digbelh, in the Town of Birmingham, it would be of great Utility to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and to all Persons having Occasion to make use of the said Road: And therefore pravin?.

That Provision may be made in the said Rill, for repairing the said Road, in such Manner as the House ill all think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Catherlough, Mr. Burrell,

Ml* Shiffiner, Mr. Bull, Mr. Boone, Mr. Gascoyne, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. W*orjley, Mr. Morgan, Mr.

Mr. Gore, Mr. Toumfhend, Mr. Harvey, Sir John

Sebright, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Harley, Lord

Mr. Grcfvenor, Mr..Lewis, Sir Roger Newdig Mr.

Bagot, Mr. Coutts, Sir Armine Bod Mr.

Lord Bateman, Mr. Burrard, Sir Robert Mr.

Sargent, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. John Pitt,

Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Conway, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. West,

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor ;and all the Members

who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Worcester,

Stafford, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber-, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of divers South Level Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in that Part of the Drainage. Great Level of the Fens called The South Level, between the River Grant or Cam, and the Hard Lands of Ditton, Horningsea, Qui, Bottisham, Butlbcck, Sivqffiham Prior, Burwell, Fordham, and Widen, \vaS

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners, and divers other Owners and Proprietors, lying in the said Distriet, have been for some Years and Hill are greatly annoyed with Water, so as to be rendered of little or no Value, to the great Impoverishment of the Owners of such Lands, and of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places abovementioned where the same do lie; and, through the Defect of their Outfall to the Sea. the same cannot be elFeftually drained and preserved, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

D d And

10^ jt ° JanuariiA. 1767.

And it is feferred to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. pike Road, in the Pari Hi of in the County of

Cuff, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Burrai'd, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles which leads from Forum, to

Mordaunt, Mr. Jennings, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. in the said County, through the several Parities,

Willoughby, Mr. Harley, Mr. GroJ’ven or, Mr. Price, Sir Hamlets, Tythings, and Places, of aforesaid,

Roger Nezcdigate, Mr. Bagot, Lord Bateman, Mr. Holt,

Mr. Sargent, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Darker, Mr. tun, Ibberton, and Wcolland, to or near Bullbarrow, in Thurlow, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Coutts, Lord the Parish of Sioakwake, otherwise Stoake under PalmcrjUm, Mr. Garth, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Mellish; and barrow, in the County of Dorset aforesaid, and to and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cam- through Stoake aforesaid, and Hazlebury Briant, in the bridge, Suffolk, Norfolk, Huntingdon, Northampton, and said County of Dorset, to Bridge, in the Parilli

Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of Pulham, in the County of aforesaid, and

of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Hazlebury Briant aforesaid, or. one of them, and from Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. thence, over Hulzcell Common, in the County of

to and through Crouch Lane, and from thence to Kent ham A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Cornell Bridge, in the Parish of Ilolwell aforesaid, or Iudofure anc^ Ground, called Bentham Moor, within the in the Parish of Caundle, in the said County of

' Manor of Ingleton, in the West Riding of the County Dorset, and from thence, along by a Mill now occu-of York, was read a Second Time. pied by William Mott ley, to and through Marsh Common,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hewett, in the Parilli of Caundle Marsh, in the said County of Mr. Contis, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ky- Dorset, unto the End of the Lane, lying near to Font-nafion, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Harley, Mr. WiUoughby, Mr. leroy's Farm in the Parish of Folk, in the said

Sandys, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Price, Mr. Grojvcnor, County of Dorset, being the High Road from the said

Mr. Jennings, Lord Bateman, Sir Wodehouse, Mr.

Fitzmaurice, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Garth, Mr. Mellish, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Cujt, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Mr. Thurlow,

Mr. Haney, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Cooke, Sir Richard Glyn; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Nottingham, Lancaster, Chester, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

York A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freehold-Road. ers, and others, of the County of York, and of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York, was presented to the I Ioufe, and read; Setting forth. That the Road from the South End of the Horle Fair, near the' said City, by Wiggington Mill, over Sect Car, through Sutton upon the Forefi and Stiltington, and by Mill, through Gilling, to the Top of Oswaldkirk Bank, in the North Riding of the County of York, is much out of Repair, and, in some Places, too narrow, and cannot be amended and kept in Repair by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the livid Road, in such Manner as shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the I louse:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Mellish, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Coutts, Sir Matthezo Lamb, Mr. Garth, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Cuff, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Prescott, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Price, Mr. G ore, Mr. Shiftier, Lord Bateman, Sir John Sebright,

Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. lVhately, Sir Smith, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Mr. Townshend, Mr.

Gilbert, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Darker, Mr. Bindley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, WeJlmovland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bratten A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Corner put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the oa ’ Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads, leading from between the Second and Third Mile Stories, on the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole, and Winborn M infer, in the County of DorJ'et, to Bratten Corner, in the County of Somerset, and also of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living near, and usually travelling the said Roads, and also the Road leading from the Turn-

Turnpike Road in Brianffon aforesaid, to Sherborn, in the said County of DorJ’et, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act, the Trustees met; but, Doubts and Difficulties arising in the Execution thereof, nothing has as yet been furthcxdone towards carrying the same into Execution; and representing to the House, that, if the Road leading from the same Turnpike Road, in the Parilli of Brianffon aforesaid, to the End of the said I^vne, lying near, or leading to Fontleroy's Farm House, was well and effectually repaired and widened, instead of the Roads leading from the Turnpike Iioad in the Parish of Brianffon aforesaid, to Bratten,

in the said Act mentioned, it would be more beneficial to Trade and Commerce, and the Public in general; and that the said Road is in a ruinous Condition, and narrow in many Places, and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Methods provided by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, alter, and render more effClual, the said Act; and for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, leading from the Turnpike Road in the Parilli of Brianffon aforesaid, to the End of the said Lane, lying near or leading to the said House, called leroy’s Farm HouJ'e aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pitt, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Buller, Lord Clare, Sir John Sebright, Mr.

Mr. Bull, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Fitzherbert, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Shiff’-ner, Mr. Holt, Mr. Thynne, Mr. Garth, Mr. Haney, Mr. Thurlow, Mr . Jackson, Mr. Darner; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Somerset, Wilts, Southampton, Devon, and And they

are to meet this Alterjioon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Viscount Weymouth, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, an Act passed for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields within the Manor of in llie

County of JVanvick, and also for erecting and working One or more Fire Engine or Fire Engines for the more effectually draining the Coal Mines in the said Manor;,

and

Wilnccote

Mmck

Sibfey

Inclosure*

St Botolph (London) Streets.

7 Gieo. III. 31°

and that, in purfitance of the said Act, the Petitioner hath erecied a Fire Engine, and other Works within the said Manor, sufficient for draining all the Lands and Grounds allotted by the Commissioners, by virtue of the said Art, as Lands having Coal Mines therein, in which the*Petitioner hath expended a very considerable Sum of Money, over and above the Sum directed by the said Act to be laid out by the Petitioner; and that the Proprietor of certain Lands next adjoining to the Lands of the Petitioner, whereon the said Fire Engine is erected, refufcs to fufler the Petitioner, or any other Person, to drive the necessary Soughs, or carry Levels through his said Land, for draining the said Coal Mines, without which the Coal Mines cannot properly be worked, which is not only a very great Loss to the . Petitioner, but an Injury to the Proprietors of the said Coal Mines; an4 that the several Roads for carrying away the Coals gotten in the said Mines are in a ruinous Condition; and that it is necessary that the same should be amended and repaired: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, or any other Person or Persons, to drive a Sough or Soughs through any Lands or Grounds for the Purposes aforesaid, and also to make and execute all such other Works as shall be found necessary for working the said Fire Engine and Mines; and for repairing the said several Roads, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Edward Bayntun, Sir Fletcher Norton, Mr.

Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Thynne, Mr. IFedderbum, M r. G Mr. Lynch, Mr. ToicnJhend, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lozendes, Mr. Rigby, Mr.

Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Hezvettx Mr. Holt, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr: Buller, Mr. Bull, Lord Mr. Dr ax.

Sir John Sebright ;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, IFarwick, Leicester, Derby, lop, and Worcester: And theyare to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Edward Drax, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Sibfey, in the County of Lincoln, and a Proprietor of Lands in the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Sibfey, in the said County, in Behalf of himself and others, Proprietors of Lands in the said Common Fields, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioner, and others, in the said Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and mcloling the said Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish o f Saint Botolph witho which lies in

the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for pav ing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, that Part of the said Parish which lies in the County of Middlesex, and removing Nuisances and Incroachments therein; and that the Petitioners are sufficiently convinced of the Utility, and even Necelfity, of the said Undertaking; ' but, at the same Time are apprehensive, from the Poverty of the greater Part of the said Parish, that a Tax adequate to the effetling the aforesaid Purposes would be found very burthenlometo great Numbers; and that if a Toll Bar was erected in some commodious Part of the said Parish, and a small Toll paid for the Passage of Carriages and Horses, to be applied to the Vol. 31

Purposes mentioned in the t^cf if ion, it would be a Means of the more speedy and effectual carrying the said Act into Execution: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for that Purpose, in such Manner usto the I:ouse shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to'whom the Petition of the Churchwarderi and Overseers of the Poor of that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph wit hoy t Aldgate, which lies in the Coitnfy of Middlesex, and also of several

other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the principal Inhabitants, as well of that Part of the said Parish of Saint Botolph, which lies within the County of Middlesex, as of the Precinct of the Tower without, in His Majesty’s Liberty of the Tower of London, and of several of the Inhabitants of Houses in that Part of a Street called East which lies in the Precind of Saint Catherine, near the Tozoer, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of JVilliam Harvey, F squire, a Minor, Lord Great

of the Manor of Great Oxenden in the County of North- Oxenden ampton, and also a Proprietor of several Farms and bidofure: Lands,lying and being in the Open and Oomnion Fields of Great Oxenden aforesaid; of Emma Harvey, Widow, his Mother and Guardian; of Samuel Morton, Hector of Great Oxenden aforesaid; of John Nethercoat, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Fitates in the Open and Common Fields of Great Oxenden aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the several Proprietors in the said Fields lie greatly intermixed and dispersed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted, it would improve the Estates in the same Fields: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: A nd that Mr. Harvey and Mr. Reynolds do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons, or Chorle* Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Charley, in the Inclosure; County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Reip nolds, Mr. Morgan, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Humef Mr. Scudamore, Lord Lifbume, Mr. Fat erf on, Mr. Long,

Mr. Jennings, Sir JoJ'eph Mawbey, Mr. Shiffner, Mr.

Jenyns, Mr. Plummer, Sir Robert Long, §\r Charles Mor-

daunt, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Seymour, Mr.

Prescott, Mr Jenkinson, Sir James Dashwood, Sir Walter

Bagot, Mr. Cooke, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr.

Gilbert, Mr. Staunton, Mr Bindley, Mr. Darker, Mr. j Dempster, Mr. Vane, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Buller, Mr. Bur-> rard, Mr. Alderman Bedford; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster. West norland, Cumberland, Northumberland, Durham, and And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock; in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, that the Order rrtade upon Account Monday last, " That there be laid belbre this House an ordered;

" Account of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Drawbacks.

" exported from Great Britain, on which a Bounty or " Drawback has been paid, from 1754 to

" Christmas 1766; distinguishing each Year," might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be dileharged,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of all Bounties and Drawbacks paid out of the Revenue of the Customs and Excise, from Christmas 1754 to Christmas 1766; distinguishing each Year.

A Petition

i04

3i° Januarii.

A. 1767.

ShaddenGate, A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free-rne.aI holders, of the County of was presented to

Road!’ the House, and read; Setting forth. That tlieHigh Road from Shadden Gate, near the City of up

Green, through Ilazikefdalto Nether and

thence through Upper to Warned Fell, and

thence to Paddigell,to to join the Turnpike

Road, leading from Jlefket New Market, by Ewes Bridge, to Cockennouih; and also the Road, from the said Turnpike Road, between Binjei/ Alires and Nor-thrawGate, by BaJJenthwa Chapel, to a Place called Skillbeok, near AlirehouJ'e, where it joins the present

Turnpike Road leading to in the said County,

are in a ruinous Condition, in many Places too narrow, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Plummer,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. F Mr. Sir

John Sebright, Mr. Wynn, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Shi(fner, Mr. Long, Mr. Hume, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Mr.

Sir Matthew Lamb, Mr. Gascoyne, Admiral Mr. Alorris, Mr. HuJJey Mr. Brand, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Lewis, Mr. York, Lord Adam Gordon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Westnuxrland, La Northumberland,

ham, and York:And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Kemlell Fell A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Bur-Inclosure. gefics, and Principal Inhabitants of the Burgh and Township of Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of morland, was pro fen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is a certain Common, or Tract of Waite Ground, lying within the said Burgh and Township, called Kendall Fell, the Property of the Inhabitants of the said Burgh and Township, which, in its present Situation, yields but little Profit, and is capable of great Improvement; and that the inclosing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits towards the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the said Burgh and Township, would be a great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Burgh and Township, and would be of public Utility; and that the cleaning and enlightening the Streets of the said Town would be a great Convenience and Advantage to the Inhabitants, but ’ the Expence thereof cannot be defrayed without the

Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing the said Common for the Relief of the Poor, and for cleansing and enlightening the Street? of the said Town, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jenkinson, Lord Thomond, Mr. Calvert, Mr. AdorMr. Seymour, Mr. Yorke, Sir Robert Long, Sir John Sebright, Lord Adam Gordon, Mr. Long, Mr SLord Bateman, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Thomlinfon, Sni Fletcher Norton, Mr. Hume, Mr. Morris, Mr. Town/hMr. Burrell, Mr. Mr. Fonnereau, Sir Lamb, Mr. Brand, Sir

Be net Garrard, Admiral Keppel; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cumber-

land, Lane after, Northumberland, Durham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Henjingham, H^nlingham' in the County of Cumberland, and of divers Owners of Inclosure. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Settingforth, That there are certain Waft.es and Commons within the said Manor, whereon the Petitioners and others. Owners of Lands and Tenements, have an intermixed Right of Common, which at present lie waste and uncultivated, and are of very little Benefit to the Petitioners, and the Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That l^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and improving, the said Wastes and Commons, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Reiifictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leav e be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Jenkinson and Mr. Alderman Bedford do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Petition of Sir James Loze titer, Baronet, Lord of DHHngton the Manor of Distington, in the County of Cumberland, Inclosure* and of divers Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, waspresented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there arc several large Wastes and Commons within the said Manor, whereon the Petitioners and others, Owners of Lands and Tenements, have an intermixed Right of Common, which at present lie waste and uncultivated, and are of very little Benefit to the Petitioners, and the Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, the said Wastes and Commons, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Rciiriclions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Kir. Jenkinson and Admiral Kefijjel do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir James Lozvther, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Laleham, in the Counties of Intloiiv*

and Surrey, and of divers Owners of Melfoages,

Lands, and Tenements, within the said Manor, whose Names afe thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Manor, there are several Large and Open Fields, wherein the Property of the Petitioners are greatly intermixed, and lie much dil’perfect; and also certain Wastes or Commons, whereon the Petitioners and others, having Lands and Tenements within the said Manoi:, have certain Rights in Common; and that there is likewise, within the said Manor, a large Pailure called Laleham Burway, wherein the Petitioners, and other Persons, having Farines or Cattle Gates, have a Right of Palturage in Common together, at certainTiraes of the Year, according to ancient Custom, within the said Manor; and that the Property of the Petitioners lying so intermixed and difpCri'ed, renders the Cultivation and Improvement of their Lands less practicable and very inconvenient; and the Commons lying Waste and not improved, and the Palture being undivided, renders the same less advantageous to the Petitioners than otherwise they might be: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for improving, inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said Open Fields, Pallures,

Wastes, and Commons, among the Petitioners, and the other Persons interested, according to their respective Rights therein, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Mr.

r?!f

liM


'k

7 Geo. III. 3 i® Januarii. — 2° Februarii.

*°5

Mr. Jenkinson and Mr. Alderman do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

Accounts The House being informed, That Mr. Stanley, from jrefrntedj the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the 00* Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Wool carried Coastwise, from any Port within that Part of Great Britain called England, from the ill Day of January 1763 to the ill Day of January 1766; distinguishing the Time when, the Ship or Vessel on board which, and the Quantity at each Time shipped, or carried Coastwise, and from what Port or Place the same was entered for Importation: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Wool imported from Ireland, into any- Port of England, from the ill Day of January 1763 to the id Day of January 1766; diliin-guilliing the Time when, and the Ship or Vessel on board which, and the Quantity at each Time imported, and from what Port or Place the same was entered for Exportation.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts w'ere read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Accounts The House being informed, that Mr. from

Mefented { Commissioners of the Culloms, attended at the Door; he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Tallow imported into England, from Christmas 1750 to Michaelmas 1766; distinguishing each Year, and the foreign Tallow iiom the Irish, together with the Amount of the Duties paid thereon: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Tallow exported . from England, from Christmas 1750 to Michaelmas 1766; distinguishing each Year, and each Sort, with the Amount of the Drawback paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Selfton.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunes, 2° die Februarii,

Anno 70 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1767.

PraVf. RS.

OAMIJEL Mandrot took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Petitions The House being informed, by a Member of the presented House, that Five Petitions for Private Bills were sent to him by the Poll, and ought, by the regular Course

Urn Time. t]ie to have arrived in Town on Friday last, but, the Post being detained by the Snow and Floods, the fai*d Petitions were not delivered at his House, from the General Poll Office, till Saturday last, after this House was adjourned; and that therefore the said Petitions could not be presented to this House within the Time limited by this House for receiving Petitions for private Bills;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of whit the House Vot. 31.

has now been informed, Leave be given to exhibit the said Petitions.

Then a Petition of Sir James Lowther, Baronet, Lord Ravenrtone-of the Manor of Ravenjtonedale, in the County of H'qfl- tla,e morland, and of divers Owners of Lands, Tenements, inclosure‘ and Hereditaments, within the said Manor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the,

House, and read; Setting forth. That there are several large Walles and Commons within the said Manor, whereon the Petitioners, and others, Owners of Lands and Tenements, have an intermixed Right of Common, which at present lie wafteand uncultivated; and, that if the same were inclosed and divided, they would become of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring.in a Bill for inclosing, dividing and improving the said Walles and Commons, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Jenkinson, the Lord Strange, and Mr. John do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir James Lowther, Baronet, Lord of, Longmartoa and of several Owners of Lands, Tenements, and He- Jaclo^ure* reditaments, situate within, the Manor of Longmarton, in the County of Westmorland, whose Names are there-

unto subscribed, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is a large Moor, or Common, or Tract of Waste Ground, within and belonging to the said Manor of Longmarton, called Longmarton Moor or Common, whereon the Petitioners have Right of Common, containing, by Estimation, 800 Acres, which, in its present State, is of very little Service to the Petitioners; but if the fame, or such certain Parts thereof as to the House shall seem meet, was or were divided, it would be a considerable Improvement to their Properties: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Regulations and Provisions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Jenkinson, the Lord Strange, and Mr. John Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir James Lowther, Baronet, Lord of shap the Manor of Shap,in the County of IVJimorland, and fodolure. divers Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Manor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Manor there are several large Walles and Commons, whereon the Petitioners and others. Owners of Lands and Tenements, have an intermixed Right of Common, which at present lie waste and uncultivated; and that, if the same were inclosed and divided, they would become of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and improving the said Walles and Commons, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Jenkinson, the Lord Strange, and Mr. John Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir James Lowther, Baronet, Lord of the sieagill Manor of Sieagill, in the County of Westmorland, and Inclosure. divers Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Manor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Manor there are several large Walles and Commons, whereon the Petitioners, and others. Owners of Lands and

E e Tenements,

,1

'V

10 6 2° Febru arii. 1767.

Tenements, have an intermixed Right of Common, which at present lie waste and uncultivated; and that, if the same were inclosed and divided, they would become of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and improving, the said 'Waites and Commons, in such Manner, and under fuchRegulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

OrderedThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Jenkinson, the Lord Straand Mr. John do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Rfagill A Petition of Sir James Law titer , Baronet, Lord of

iDclosure. tyie Manor of Reagilt,in the County of Westmorland. and divers Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Manor, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Manor there are several large Waites and Commons, whereon the Petitioners, and others, Owners of Lands and Tenements, have an intermixed Right of Common, which at present lie walte and uncultivated; and that, if the same were inclosed and divided, they would become of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and improving, the said Wastes and Commons, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Jenkinson, the Ix>rd Strange, and Mr RobinJ'on, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Van Den- An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Van

bergh's Den-bergh,was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing CriJIoffel Van Den-bergh.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Valltravers* An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Rodolph Ntt* travers, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Rodolph Valltravers.

Ordered, That Mr. Shiftier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dalhwood’j An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates. for making more effectual an Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Samuel " Dashwood, Esquire, in Trullees, for raising Money to " pay Debts and Incumbrances, and for providing an " Equivalent or Compensation for the fame, to the " I Hue inheritable under his Marriage Settlement," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Rushout, Mr. Kynaj Mr. Wynn, Lord -

lough, Mr. Gore, Mr. LMr. Morton, Mr. Clive, Mr. Holt, Sir Roger Mo/lyn, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Legh, Mr. Praed, Mr.

Coventry, M r.Garth, Mr. Tudway, Sir Francis Vincent, Lord5/r«ge, Mr. Martin, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Doiodejivell, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Seymoilr, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Jackson, Vir.

JFalter, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. leigh, Mr. Dyfon, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. John Pitt, Sir John Lindsey, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Lincoln, Kent, Surrey, and

Stifex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Kensington Sir William Beauchamp Proctor reported from the Roads Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Pajv

zi

liament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his Majolly King George the First, and the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, and Ful-ham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, and for repairing foine other Roads in

the Parish o( Saint George, Hanover , and the

laid Parishes of Kensington and Chet/i-a-, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several of the Trullees, appointed to put in Execution Two-Acts of Parliament, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, through Fulham Fields, to the Great Road near the Pound at Hammersmith, in the find County; and also the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Parish of Kensington, in the county of ;

were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and bad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

# m

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to-continue, and render more effectual. Two Acts of Parliament for repairing tfio Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex and also Two other Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road, leading from the Town of Fulham, through Fulham F'ields, to the great Road near the Pound at Hammersmith, in the said County; and for lighting, watching, and watering the said Roads; and for paving the Street, and Highway, and Footways from the Palace Gate to the Coach and Jlorfes, in Kensington, and for lighting and watching the fame, and the Courts and Alleys adjoining the reto: And that Sir WilLtairiBeauchamp Proflor and Mr. Cooke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

SirIVilliam BeauchampProdor reported from the Com- Counttrf-rnittee, to whom the Petition of several of the TrusteeS b^ge* appointed to put inExecutionTwo Acts of Parliament, passed in the Third and Tenth Years of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, and another in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways, from that Part of which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlejfx, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounjloiv, to the Powder Mills, in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrooke, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it. appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Janes said, That the Trullees had proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts^and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said Acts; and that the Debt now owing is Six Thousand Six Hundred Pounds. And he laid before the Committee an Account of Receipts and Disbursements upon account of the said Acts for Seven Years; by which it appeared,

- that, one Year with another, for the said Seven Years, the yearly Receipt was Two Thousand Two Hundred Eighty-three Pounds and Eleven Pence Three Farthings, and the yearly Disbursement Two Thousand Two Hundred Thirty-two Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence:

And further laid. That the said Debt could not be paid.


7 Geo. III.

2° Februariu

107

Ealing

Roads.

and the said Highways be effectually repaired arid kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts is further continued, and the Powers thereof were altered and enlarged.

Mr* Vincent Hobby said* That, he knows the Place called Cranford Bridge, which is Part of the Western Road; that it is fometirtics overflowed fyid dangerous to passengers; that there is at the said Place a Bridge, which is a Manor Bridge, and belongs to the Earl of Berkeley, but the same is fit only for Horses, and is not open for Passengers at all Times; that the erecting a good and substailtial Bridge at the said Place, to be open at all Times for Carriages, and the making Cause-ways leading the reto* would be of; general Service to all Persons travelling the said Road; but that the same co^ld not be done, unjefe some Proyifioiis are made, by Parliament for these Purposes.

He further said, That the Road leading from the Qrrease Western Road* at or near a Public House known by, the Sign of the Coach and Horses, through Sion Lane, and the Towns and Parishes of Ijlezvorlh, Twickenham, and Tedingtcn, to the Gate on the South Side of Tedington Field, in the Road leading to King* Jim Bridge; and also the Road or Way called Pound Cane, or Lower Wood Lane, leading out of the said Western Road, near Smallbury Green Turnpike, to a Jhiblic House, known by the>Sign of the George* in the Town of Ijlewqrlh, are in a ruinous Condition, in many Places narrow and incommodious to Passengers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods provided by Law.

William Baker, Esquire, confirmed the Evidence of Mr, Vincent Hobby, with respect to the Condition of the lall-raentioned Roads^ and to the Insufficiency of the present Laws to repair and widen the fame.

Mr. Vincent Hobby further said. That the lighting the said Roads would tend to the Safety and Security of all Persons travelling the said Roads; and that the Watering the said Roads in Summer would be a great Convenience to all Passengers, and tend to the Preservation of the said Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to -continue and render more effectual several, Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways, from that 'Part of Connterjbridge, which lies in the Parish of JKenfington, in the County o iMiddlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounjlmo, to the Powder Mills, in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrooke; land for building a Bridge, at or near Cranford Bridge; and for repairing the Road from the Coach and Horses, through Sion Lane, to a Gate on the South Side of Tedingtoii Field; and also the Road leading out of the said Highway, near Smallbury Green Turnpike, to the George, in the Town of Isle-worth, in the said County; and for lighting and watering the said Highways" and Roads: And that Sir William Beauchamp Proctor and Mr. Cooke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the . principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Ealingy in the County of Middlesex, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had -directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he' read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, James ClitheroWy Esquire, said. That the Highways within the said Parish measure upwards of eighteen Miles, that they are in a ruinous Condition, and so narrow in some Places that two Carriages cannot pass with Safety; and that it is very difficult to get Gravel to repair the said Highways.

V oi. 31.

Edward Hughes, Esquire, who had been Surveyor of the Highways within the Laid Parilli tw'o Years, said, That he had in that Time laid out a voluntary Subscription of One Hundred Gtiirfeas, betides all the Statute Work being performed, and a Sixpenny Rate laid for the repairing line said Highways; yet the said Highways could not be effectually repaired thereby; and that the said Highways, could not be repaired by the present Methods prescribed by Law.

Charles Gould, Esquire, foid, That several Meetings of the Inhabitants of the said: Parish had been held toi consider a proper Method* of repairing the . Highways within the said Parish j and that the Inhabitants . in general were of Opinion that they might be more effectually repaired by a Rate to be laid upon the I«A habitants for that Purpose, than by the present Me* thods prescribed by Law; and that they; were willing and desirous to have a Rate laid upon . them for that Purpose.

Tltoinas Gurnell, Esquire, confirmed the Evidence of Edwqrd Hughes, Esquire, with respect to the Difficultly of repairing the said Highways by the present Methods prescribed by Law; and the Evidence o(Charles Gould', Esquire, with respect to the liefire of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, that a Rate mayr be laid upon them for tl)at Purpose, inftfead of the present Methods prescribed by Law.

James Clitherow, Esquire, further said. That Part of the Highways within the said Parish extends from thfc . Corner of the Road turning towards Kew Bridge, along the Street in Old Brentford, to the Cornet of a Street known by the Name of The Half Acre j that the faffie is a Part of the Great Western Road, and is frequented by many Passengers, as well by Night as by Day; that Robberies have been committed therein* and lhatithe lighting the said Part of the said Highway in the Night Time, would tend to prevent Robberies, and tq the* Security and Preservation of the Inhabitants of the said Street, and all Persons travelling the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual repairing, vyidening, and rendering commodious, the Highways within the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex; and for lighting the Street. in Old Brentford, within the said Parish, from the Turning towards Kew Bridge, to a Street called The Half Acre: And that Sir William Beauchamp Proctor and Mr. Cooke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, Berwick, to whom the Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in ^raina£®* the Hamlet of Benwick, in the Parish of JJoddington, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge; and in Whittlqfey; within the said Isle of Ely, in the said County of Cambridge; and in the several Parishes of Ramsey and Parcel, in the County of Huntingdon; and bounded on the North by the Rivers or Drains, called Whitllefey Dyke and Old Bevils River or Leame; on the South and Raft, by the River called the River Nene; and on the West, by Whittlesey Mere; on Behalf of themselves and all others the Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his PJqpe; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Hamlet of Benwick, in the Parish of Doddington, Whittlesey, Ramsey, and Fared, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and

Huntingdon:

io8 2° Februariu A. 1767*

Huntingdon: And that Sir John Hynde Cotton and Mr. the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the fame. true; and that the Committee had directed him to re-

port the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

Wnrceiler An ingrolfecl Bill for continuing, altering, and And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Raids, amending, Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twelfth of That the Bill be ingrossed.

King George the First, and of the Tenth of his late

Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

City of Worcester; and for amending several other Roads Harris:

near or adjoining thereto; was read the Third Time. Mr. Speaker,

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: and that the Title The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to Aylon’a be, An Act for continuing, altering, and amending, enable Sarah Spinster, to take and use the Sur- Name.

Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twelfth of King George name and Arms of to which the Lords delire \

the First, and of the Tenth of his late Majesty, for re- the Concurrence of this House. k

pairing several Roads leading into the City of Worcef- And then the Messengers withdrew, ter s and for amending several other Roads near or

adjoining thereto. The House being informed, that Mr. Rot, froitt the Westminto

Ordered, That Mr. RuJhotU do carry the Bill to the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Prrint* Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty &c. attended at the Door; lie was

Sennet's Mr. Sandys presented to the House, according to called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

Name. Order, a Bill to enable Richard Bennet, Esquire, and pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

his issue, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Copy of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for Coffin, pursuant to the Will of Richard Coffin, Esquire, putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament, deceased: And the same was received; and read the made in the 2d, 3d, 4th, and 5th Years of His present First Time. Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within

the City and Liberty of See. and of all

Lrigh Mr. Sandys presented to the House, according to Contrails and Agreements made by the said Com-Iadofure. Order, a Bill for inclosing, allotting, and dividing, the missioners, from the 29th Day of 1766 to

Commons and Waste Grounds, Open Common Field, the 17th Day of December 1766, both inclusive: And and Open Common Meadow Grounds, in the Manor also,

of The Leigh, in the Parish of Ashen Keynes, in the Copies of the Accounts of the Treasurer to the Corn-County of Wilts: And the same was received; and missioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the City read the First Time. and Liberty of Westminster, Sue. of the Receiver to

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the said Commissioners, and of the Bank of England

with the said Commissioners, to the 3d of December Bonington A Petition of several Proprietors of Meflirages, Cot- 1766.

tages, and Toftsteads, in the Parish of Donington,in And then he withdrew.

nJcc.Ure’ the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto sub- And the Titles of the Books, containing the said feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Copies, were read.

forth. That, the Petitioners, with others, have already Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, petitioned the House for a Bill for inclosing and di- to be perused by the Members of the House. viding the Open Fields and Meadows in Donington The said Books are preferred amongst the other aforesaid, and for draining the Fens and Commonable Papers of this Session.

Places there; but, as it is necessary the said Open Fields

and Meadows should be also drained, with the said Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, That their Ad- Answw Fens and Commopable Places: Therefore praying, dress of Thursday last, that His Majesty would be gra- to Addrefc That Leave may be given to bring in such Bill, with ciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid be- _ {at Provision therein made for those Purposes, in such Man- fore this House, all Reports which have been made by ner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall the Commissioners for executing the Ofiioe of Lord seem meet. High Admiral of Great , in relation to any Peti-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the tion from the Widows of Sea Officers, for au Aug-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- mentation of the Allowances at present made to them, amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Ma-it shall appear to them, to the House: jesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that

And it is referred to Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. White, He will give Directions accordingly.

Lord Brorvnlow Bertie, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Joseph Maw- v

bey. Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Harvey, Ordered, That all the Accounts which have been Whtfc Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Craufurd, Sir presented to this House, from the Year 1752 to the Charles Keniys Tynte, Mr. Ilewett., Mr. Rushout, Mr. present Time, of the Number of Ships which have been Whitworth, Mr. Garth, Mr. Burrell, Sir Charles Hardy, employed in the Whale Ffihery, to Davis's Straits,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. *Parker, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Francis and their respective Names and

Vincent, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Edmon- Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at stone, Sir Richard Bampfylde, Mr. Holt, Mr. Pryfe wrhat Port they were discharged; and also, what Quan-

Campbell, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Mellish, Lord North, Mr. tity of Oil, or Whale Fins, each Ship has imported; be Dyfon, Admiral Frankland, Lord Clare, Sir Roger referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of fe-Newdigate, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bacon; and all the veral Merchants, His Majesty’s British Subjects, con-Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Not- cerned in the Whale Fishery, on Behalf of themselves, tingham, and York: And they are to meet this After- and others concerned in the said Fishery, is referred, noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts Records. Account of the Number and Weight of Whale Fins, ordered;

and Quantity of Whale Oil, imported from Holland WbakFms, Beckman’s Sir Jar Tit Smith reported from the Committee, to into Great Britain, from Christmas 1752 to Christmas c'

Nat. wdiom the Bill for naturalising NicholasFrancisBeckman, 1766; distinguishing each Year.

was committed, That the Committee had examined Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an 18 Account

7 Geo. III.

Account of the Quantity and Weight of Whale Fins and Whale Oil, imported into Great Britain, from North America,from Christmas 1758 1766}

diltinguilliing each Year.

Sir Edward Hawke, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

IO9

An Ellimate of the Charge of what may be necessary Bflimate for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships Pre^oted; of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other extra Works, ,ry" over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, in the Year 1767.

And the Title of the said Ellimate was read.

The said Ellimate is as followeth -,viz.

2° Februariu

Vol. 31.

Ff An

D

(Q

H"

n'

CD

Q_

O"

O

o

FT

Navy Office, 2d Ftbruary 1767.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, in the Year 1767, prepared pursuant to an Order the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 22d past.

extra

from

Place where.

Deptford -

Woolwich

Chatham -

Sheerness -Portsmouth

Plrmouth

Guns.

74

Sloop

9°

32

90

70

64

60

5°

20

50

32

20

74

64

60

100

74

64

60

Sloop

Ships Names.

Marlborough Egmont - -

liefolut ion New -

Queen -

Prudent - -

Intrepid - -Alarm - -

Barfleur - -Prince George Orford - -Somerset - -Raisonable -Panther - -Salisbury - -Deal Castle -

Portland Lonejloff Rose -

Ajax - - -Elizabeth Worcester Africa - -

Mode fie - -Pembroke

Royal George Dublin -Royal Oak Trident -Bienfaisant Montagu New -

3

1

Nature of their Repair.

Building - -

Building

Small

Building Building Large -Large -Building Jvarge -Building Small -

Building Small -Small -

Building

Small -Middling Small -

Large -

Middling

Building

Building

Middling

Small -

Building


Time when may be Charge of their TOTAL.

Taken in Hand. 1 Completed. Hulls, Marts, and Yards. ' Rigging and Stores.

August next 1- 15,000 J- 6,294 C 21,294

In Hand - - Uncertain - - 8,000 8,000

Uncertain - - 3>000 ----- 3,000

Julj next - - 2,600 I>543 4>T43

July 1769 12,000 1,000 13,000

In Hand - - August 1768 5>76° 500 6,260

Uncertain - - 3,000 - 3,000

Uncertain - - 2,500 1,000 3,5°°

In Hand - - December 1768 12,000 3>96° 15,960

In I land - - Uncertain - - 6,000 6,000

In Hand - . September next 8,000 M33 9>133

September next Uncertain - - 1,000 1,000

In Hand - - Uncertain - - 6,000 1,000 7,000

In Hand - - December next 7,000 3>371 10,371

In Hand - - Uncertain - - 3,o°° 1 3>000

April next - - Uncertain - - 1.695 2,512 4,207

In Hand -,) 4,000 1,664 ... 4,000

In Hand - } Uncertain - - 1,647 3,3"

May next - J 1,674 2,055 3»729

..... ..... 16,000 3,000 19,000

In Hand - - Uncertain - - 5,000 «... 5,000

3>5°° - 3,5°°

- March next 2,000 3.839 5,839

In Hand - - Uncertain - 10,000 3,000 13,000

Uncertain - - O O 3,000 10,100

In Hand - - September next 10,000 97° 10,970

In Hand - - Uncertain - - 6,400 2,680 9,080

In Hand - - Uncertain - - 3 >5 00 - 3,5°°

In Hand - - Uncertain - - 10,000 2,000 12,000

April next - - Uncertain - - 4,000 4,369 8,369

June next - - Uncertain - - 5,oooo 2,429 7»429

In Hand - - Uncertain - - 1,600 L349 2,949

Total for tin; Ships - - 187,993 52,651 . 240,644

no ‘ 20 Februarii. A. 1767.

CQ

Repairs and Improvements on Docks, Wharfs, and other public Buildings, in His Majesty’s several Yavds.

At Portsmo

At Plymouth

Towards repairing, deepening, and enlarging the Bason Dock for receiving large Ship9 of War -Towards making a new Stone Dock within the Bason or Wet Dock, of Dimensions proper for the larged Ships in the Royal Navy, and to take the Opportunity of doing the Outer Part thereof, whilst the Water is kept out of the Bason, for carrying on the Work of the Bason Dock -

Towards making Ground at the North Part of the Yard.....- - -

Towards building new Rope Houses and Storehouses for Ilemj), the former being much out of Repair, and too small for the Service of the Port ——

24,000

9,000

500

16,000

At Jumaic At Antigua At Portmahon

Towards building and repairing Careening Wharfs -

Towards repairing Careening Wharfs, He....

Towards levelling Saffron Bland, and building new Careening "Wharfs

4,000

2,500

i,5°o

57>5°°

For purchasing a Quantity of

Hemp to replenilli His Majesty’s Magazines

Grand Total -

30,000

328,144

ABSTRACT.

For the Ships - - - - { SlOT0s I

For other extra Works on Docks, Buildings, He. ----- For purchasing a Quantity of Hemp to replenifli llis Majesty’s Magazines

187»993 1 5 J

Grand Total

240,644

57,500

30,000

£ 328,m4

o

w

o

HH

a

CQ

r — h

n‘

CD

Cl

CT

1

Viz'.

The Sum of Three hundred Twenty-eight thousand One hundred and Forty-four Pounds,

G. Cokburne. Tho. Slade. J. Williams. . E.

T. Brett. R* Temple.

H2 2 — 3 ° Febr. 1767.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Army; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

M«idny to ref°lve into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Spe’aker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Steyning Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Suffer, in the room of John Esquire, de-

ceased.

Importation The Lord Clare presented to the House, according of 'from kC" to Order, a Bill for allowing the Importation of Wheat Europe, and Wheat Flour, free of Duty, from any Part of Europe, for a further Time than is allowed by any Act made in this Session of Parliament; and for permitting the free Importation of Barley, Barley Meal, and Pulse, into this Kingdom, for aTime to be limited: And the same was teceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 30 Februarii;

Anno 70 Georgii IIP* Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

«VO//iV Koe and George Wolff took the Oaths ap-J pointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Shields Mr. Vane presented to the House, according to Or-Market der, a Bill for vesting in the Dean and Chapter of

ham, a certain Piece of Ground, adjoining to the Town ain' of South Shields-, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for making an adequate Compensation to the Curate of the Chapel of SaintHilds, in the said County, and his

Successors, for the fame; and to enable the said Dean and Chapter to remove the Fairs and Market out of the said Town of South Shields, and cause the same to be held on the said Piece of Ground: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Northfield, A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the County of Worcester, over Weathercock

Hill, and The Portway, and tlurough Ullenhale Street, in the County of Warwick, to the Wot fou Turnpike, fit uate in the great Turnpike Road leading from Stratford upon Avon, in the said County of Warwick, to Birmingham, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Heicett, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Conway,

Lord Carysfort, Mr. Gore, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Archer, Sir John Gibbons, Sir William Beauchamp Lord Winterton, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

nor, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Morion, Mr. Knight, Mr. ham. Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. PMr. Cooke, Mr. Pnffe Campbell, Lord Hinchingbrook, Mr. Worsley, Mr.

Ongley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Gilbert, Mr.

Bindtexj, Sir William Baker, Mr. Vane, Mr. Harris,

Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Burrell, Sir Roger New-digate, Mr. Filzherbert; and all the Members who

serve for the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, Gloucester,

Hereford, and Salop; and for the Principality of Wiales:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Thomas Pitt reported from the Committee, to Stonehotift whom the Petition of the Right honourable George Lord Edgcumbe, and Sir John St. Aubyn, Baronet, was re* r 8 ferred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Philip Smith and Robert Holyday said, That the Road from Stonehouse to Plymouth is over the Ferry at Stunelioiife Creek,mid is the nearest Way from Plymouth to the Dock.

That the Avenues to and from the said Ferry are very narrow and incommodious, so that the Ferry, can only be made use of by Pafi’engers on Foot.

That if a safe and commodious Bridge was built over the said Creek, and convenient Avenues opened from the same to the Town of Plymouth and Plymouth Dock, it would make a fhnrter and more easy Communication between the said Town and Dock. And they added,

That the Owners of the present Ferry are deiirous to build such a Bridge, and to open such Communication in case they shall be impowered so to do.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for building a Bridge cross Stonehouse Creek, from Stonehouse, to Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Thomas Gore, and Mr. Frederick Montagu, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Knight reported from the Committee, to whom Tenterden, the Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, &c.

Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, living in ®oa<1‘ and near the Road leading fresh the Turnpike Road, in the Town of Tenterden, in the County of Kent, through the Parities of High Holden, and Betherfden, in the said County of Kent, to and over Bull Green, in the Pa-rish of Betherfden aforesaid, and from thence to and through Great Char, in the County of Kent aforesaid, to the Bottom of Barroiv Hill, near the Town of Ash-ford, in the said County of Kent; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr,

William Finch and Mr. Thomas Cloakebeing examined,

said, That the Road described in the first-mentioned Petition, by reason of the Soil, and the many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, is become very ruinous; that in the Winter many Parts are impassable; and in

soma

MVgfleet

Drainage.

Langton and Wood ball Iuciofure.

7 Geo. III.

3° Februarii.

113

some Places is frequently overflown, so as to be dan- mixed, and dispersed in small Parcels; and, in their pre-gerous to PatVengers; and that the same cannot be sent Situation, are incapable of any considerable Im-repaired and widened by the Laws in being. provement; and that if the same were inclosed, and di-

Mr. Thomas Cloak efurther said. That the Road de- vided into specific Allotments, it would tend greatly td feribed in the second-mentioned Petition, leading from the Advantage of the Petitioners, and all Parties inte-Bull Green to, Hothfield Heath, in the said County of reded therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may

Kent, is in a ruinous Condition, and in some Parts be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

narrow and incommodious; and that the same cannot be fufliciently amended and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Town of Tente'rden, to and over Bull Green, and to and through the Town oi Great

Chart, to the Bottorp of BarronsHill: and also the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid, to Hotfifield Heath, in the County of Kent: And that Kir. Knight and Mr. Thomas Gore do prepare, and bring in, the House.and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the more

fame, ’ ~ ’ I

under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brozvnlotv Bertie and Mr. Hewelt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the underwritten Merchants, Bankers, Bankrupt}, Traders, Scriveners, and Brokers, of the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, was presented to the

Yaxlry

luciolure.

The Lord Hinchingbrook presented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow's, Common Pasture, and

equal and effectual Distribution of the Estates and Effects of Merchants, Bankers, Traders, Scriveners, Fafiors, or Brokers, deceased, and for the better Security of the Eltates and Effects of such Persons described as aforesaid, becoming Bankrupts in their Life-times; and that

Waste Grounds, and also the Marsh and Fenny the Petitioners have frequently experienced the Want

Z"1________* _ j. 1 1 1 *il. _ I. V I . L. i.1. rvf r> iX/1 nen irm«i r rl /./1 110 r. f Til nn O I Otir frv

Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Yaxley, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ilexoett reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Hester Arthur, Spinster, Cornelius Sto-vin, Esquire, Marmaduke Co Esquire, John -

.field, Esquire, James Stovin, Gentleman, and of other Persons, being Owners of Lands and other Properties in the several Townships of Adlingjleet, Fockerby, Hal-denby, Eajioft, Onsjleet, and Whit gift, in the West Riding of the County of York,was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preservingeertain Low Grounds, in the Pa-

of, and arc very desirous of, such a Law, so essentially necessary in this commercial Nation: And therefore praying. That the said Bill, with such Alterations and Amendments as to the House shall seem meet, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity, Quality, and Species of Wheat and Flour, of which the Bread supplied to the Ships in Ordinary of His Majesty’s Navy is made, with the Charges of manufacturing the fame, and the Produce thereof, by the Quarter, stated at the Medium Weight of Wheat, and according to the different Prices of such Wheat, from 32 to 54 Shillings per Quarter; distinguishing each Article of the said Charge.

The House being informed that Mr. Marshall, froth the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Hard and Soft Sope, jointly, made in England, from 175010

Account* ordered j Navy.

Accounts presented f Sope, feci

fifties of Adlingfleet and Whitgift,in the West Riding of 1766; distinguishing each Year: And also,

the County of York: And that Mr. Hewett, Mr. Ridley, An Account of the gross and net Produce of the

and Mr. Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Duties on Hard and Soft Sope, jointly, made in England, from 1750 to Midsummer 1766; dif-

A Petition of several of the Proprietors of the Open Fields, and Unincfofed Lands, Commons, and Moors, within the Parishes c fLangton and in the County of Lincoln, being offered to be presented to the House;

And the House being informed, that the Agent for the Petitioners attended at the Door, who could give the House an Account why the said Petition ould not be presented within the Time limited by this House for receiving Petitions for private Bills;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, informed the House, That the Petition came to him Yelterday by the Poll, inclosed in a Letter, dated January

25th, which, by the regular Course of the Polt, ought to have arrived on the 28th, but was not delivered to

tinguiftiing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Candles made in England, from Midsummer 1750 to Midsummer 1766; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on Caudles, from Midsummer 1750 to mcr 1766; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, who were

him from the General Poll Office till Yesterday, owing appointed to consider of the Passages leading to and

to the Delay of the Poll by the Snow and Floods.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Letter was read.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of what the House has now been informed. Leave be given to exhibit the said Petition.

Then the said Petition was presented to the Ilonfe, and read; Selling forth,! hat the Lands and Grounds of

from tins House; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz,

Mr. Kenton Couse, Clerk of His Majesty’s-Works at Westminster, being called before your Committee, in-

Passage* leading Co and from the House.

the Petitioners, in the l’a>d Open Fields, Commons, and Moors, within the said Manors and Parishes, lie inter- formed them, That a Building is now carrying on for Vol. 3;. Gg the

114 3° — 4 Februa- 1767.

the Office of Ordnance, and intended to be carried on hereafter to include Sir Henry House; that the

Houses called Purgatory, Alice's Coffee and the

Houses inhabited by Mr. Saint a Passage leading to some Ruins, Mr. Perrot's, and Sir Henry are intended by that Plan to be taken away; that there is also a Place in Ruins, built on Part of the Abutments of Westminster Hall; that Sir Henry Cheere's House belongs to Mrs. Jordan, and the rest of the Premises to Air. Beech s that he has been informed the Rents of the Premises amount to £. 157 per , or thereabouts,

and contain n6Feet in Front,to OldPalace Yard; and the additional Extent, where the new Buildings are proposed to be carried, will be about 90 Feet, where convenient Offices and Paffitgesmay be made for the House of Commons, and Palace Yard will be enlarged 30 Feet by 90 Feet; that the most convenient "Way through

Westminster Hall will be through the Lord Chancellor’s Room, between the Courts of Law, down the great Flight of Steps; and that Part of the Room where the Servants attending the Members at presentwait in, will make a more commodious Room for the Lord Chancellor, after a large Stair same is taken off for the Use of the Members of the House. He also mentioned another Passage that might be opened, on the Premises now belonging to Mr. William Woodroffe and his Brother, by a Stair same on the South Side of the Court of Requests. That the whole Premises contain about 76 Feet in Front to Old Palace Yard, and are now let at .7 5 per Annum. That the Court of Requests might be rendered a much more commodious Passage from the House, by Screens being erected at the North and South Ends, and by one or two Stoves.

Mr. William Woodroffe acquainted your Committee, That hewaswilling to partwith hislnterest in the House inhabited by Mr. Bennett, which is veiled in himself; and in One Moiety of the House inhabited by Slceggs; and did not doubt but that his Brother would be willing to part with the other Moiety.

Mr. Couse was then directed to apply to Thomas Worjley, Esquire, Surveyor General, and the rest of the Commissioners of the Board of Works, that Plans of proper Accommodations might be prepared, together with an Estimate of the Expence, exclusive of the Purchase of the Premises; and accordingly he produced Plans, which are hereunto annexed, marked B, which shews the Buildings as they are at present; and the two Plans C and D, fixed thereon, contain a Delign for a Stair-Cafe, with Rooms and Passages for the accommodating of this House; and are made conformable to the Building now carrying on for the Office of Ordnance, in Saint Margaret's Street, and which is Part of the general Design, for new Offices for Records, &c. and which hereafter will remain, for Accommodations to this House, whenever the same shall be re-built; The upper Story will ferveat present for the Reception of Papers from the Augmentation Office, Sic.which cannot be pulled down till proper Places are built to receive them; and which may then be carried back to the Placesto bebuiltfor that Purpose. He is of Opinion that the Expence of this Plan, exclusive of the Purchase, will be about £. 4,150.

He also, by Order of your Committee, produced the Plans E and F, which thovvs how a Stair-Cafe and other Rooms might be built on the West Side of the Court of Requests; but apprehended that would not be so well included in the general Delign before mentioned; and that the Expence, exclusive of the Purchase, will be about £.2,300.

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That if the Delign for the Building, marked C and D, upon the Plan marked B, was carried into Execution, proper and sufficient Accommodations would be made for the Members, in their Railage to and from this House.

N. B. The Plans, marked B, C, D, E, and F, are preferred with the Report.

'1

A Motion being made, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the Consideration of this House, to make such Provision, for making the Passages to and from this House more commodious, as they shall think lit.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to thedon-sideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1766.

Mr. Thomas Gore, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and wdiich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sarah Aylon, Spinster, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Tyrrell, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill for allowing the Importation of Wheat, and Wheat Flour, free of Duty, from any Part of Europe, for a further Time than is allowed by any Act made in this Session of Parliament; and for permitting the free Importation of Barley, Barley Meal, and Pulse, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, To-momnv Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrowr Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 40 d;

Anno 70 Georgii IIP1 Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

SIR Roger Newdigate reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties of Oxford and Berks,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Chancellor, Matters, and Scholars, of the University of Oxford, and the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Oxford; were severally referred;

Account

ordered;

Exchequer Bills.

Army;

Mutiny

and

Desertion.

Aylon’s

Name.

Importation

of Wheat, &c.

from

Europe.

Oxford,

0v<7

Botley

causeway,

Road.

7 Geo. III. 40 Februarii. 115

ferred , That the Committee had examined the Matter To prove the Allegations of the second Petition, Tho-of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the ma Esquire, being examined, gave an Account fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he of the general State of the said Cau few ay, Ferry, and read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Roads, agreeable to the Evidence of Mr. Collier. it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; He also laid before the Committee an Account of and is as lolloweth; viz. the Annual Payments collected from the Townships

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Peti- adjacent to by virtue of several Acts

tion, Mr. Thomas Collier laid, He knows the Road first of Parliament for repairing the Mileways near Oxford, mentioned in the Petition, and that it is the nearest Road of which the said Causeway is one; amounting in the from Oxford to Faringdon;and that the same is in ma- whole to Eleven Pounds Fifteen Shillings per Annum: ny Places very narrow and ruinous, particularly about And said, that from many Years Experience it Ixad CumnerJlurjl, and cannot be repaired and made com- ' been found that these Contributions were not fufti-modious by the Statute Duty of the Parishes, and the cient to keep the said Causeway in Repair, in its prelaws now in being. sent State; and that the widening and repairing the

That Botlcy Causeway, in particular, being the only said Causeway would be very beneficial to the Inha-

Avenue to the City of Oxford, from the Welt, is above bitants of Oxford and the adjacent Country, a Mile in Length, and in general not more than four- He further said. That, if the said Causewray should teen Feet wide, and in many Places so narrow that no be made a Carriage Way, it will be necessary to take Carriage can passover the fame; that it is raised with down some Houses, upon or near to the said Causeway, perpendicular Sides, about fix Feet high, upon an Aver- and in the Avenues of the City of Oxford leading to the age, above the adjacent Meadows, and in some Places fame, to make it more commodious; and that the pre-ten Feet high; that there is no Wall or Fence whatso- sent Plan for widening and repairing the said Causeway ever upon the Causeway, and only upon three of the is esteemed to be of such public Utility, that many of the Bridges, though there are at lealt twenty Bridges, Nobility and Gentry, and public Bodies, in and about which con nee! the several Parts of the Causeway toge- Oxford, have entered into a Voluntary Subscription, by ther, upon many of which (on account of their Nar- way of free Gift, to the Amount of between Six and rovvness and want of Fence) two Horsemen cannot Seven Hundred Pounds, in order to alfift the Funds meet without Danger; that the Pavement of the Cause- that may be granted by Parliament for so necessary way is broken and full of Holes; that he has known and expensive a Work; and he apprehends many more several Lives loft by Accidents, in falling from the said are ready and intend to subscribe.

Causeway, and that he himself was once thrown, by Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the starting of his Horse, from the Causeway into the repairing and widening the Road from the West End Meadows below; that, in Time of Floods, the whole of Thames Street, in the City of Oxford, over Country on the Sides of the Causeway is laid under Causeway, to the Turnpike Road near in the

Water, and was so, in particular, on Saturday the County of And that Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr.

Thirty-first of January) last, when the Witness saw the Blackstone, and Sir Walter Bagot, do prepare, and bring Water run over the Causeway in several Places, so that in, the fame, it was impaflabje for Foot Passengers, without the Af-

fiftance of stepping Stones. Mr. Darker reported from the Committee, to whom Maidftooe

That several Villages and Townships, particularly the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Exe- koad. Botley and Seacourt, lie within a M ile of the City of Ox- cution a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-ford, but cannot at any Time draw their Corn to Mar- third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, ket in Carriages without goingfourMilesabout; that intituled, "An Act for the amending, widening, and their usual Way is to draw their Corn to the "West End " keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-of the Causeway, and then load it on Horses Backs to " nine Mile Stone, at the Upper End of Stone Street, carry it into Oxford; that Wylham and Cumner, and " in the Town of in the County of Kent, to

other Places, at two or more Miles Distance, are ob- " a certain Place called Tubb’s Lake, in the Parilli of liged to do the fame. " Cranbrooke, in the said County," was referred. That

To prove the Allegations with respect to the Witnessthe Committee had examined the Matter of the said Road, the Act of the Twenty-fourth of his late Majesty Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as was read. it appeared to then), to the House; and he read the '

Mr. Collier, being further examined, said, That the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Road over BolleyCauJeway, and through Eynsham,\sthe the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is

nearell Road from London, by Oxford, to Gloucester, He- as followeth; viz.

reford, and South Wales, and also the nearest Road from To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Oxford to Bath and Bristol;that the Road isnarrowand said Act was read; and Mr. Richard Willis, Clerk to incommodious, and in some Places dangerous for Horse- the Trustees, said. That the Trustees had proceeded men; that Carriages have never passed throughout the with the utmost Frugality to put the said Act in Rxe-Whole of the said Road, owing to the Inconvenience of cution; that they had borrowed £. 10,200 on the Cre-Eynsham Ferry and (he Danger of Botley Causeway,but dit of the said Tolls, and had already expended up-that Carriages may and do pass from Witnessto Eynsham,wards of 10,000 in repairing the said Road, and from the Berkjh/reSide of the Ferry to Botley Cause-That the present Tolls are insufficient for effectually

way; that by the Bill now depending, for building a repairing the said Road, and defraying the necessary Bridge between Swynford and Eynsham, One of those Expences attending the fame, and to pay the Interest Impediments will be effectually removed, and, by of the Money now due.

widening Botley Causeway, the other. And he added. That the said Act is defective in

Being alked, Whether, by building the said Bridge, many Respects, and wants Amendment, and widening the Causeway, the Wear of the WitnessMr. Thomas Crisp and Mr. James Tapley confirmed Road would not he considerably increased? he said, it the foregoing Evidence.

undoubtedly would; because the present Carriage ltoad Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for from Witnessto Oxford is fourteen Miles in Length, enlarging the TermandPowersgrantedby an Act made and the Road over the Bridge and Causeway will be in the Thirty-third Yearofhis late Majesty, for amending, only ten Miles. widening, and keepingin Repair, the Road leading from

A Member present confirmed the Evidence of Mr. the Thirty-nine MileStone, at the upper End of Stone Collier,with regard to the generalStateofthc laid Cause- Street, in the Town of in the County of Kent,

way and Ferry, and the Roads to Fifield and Witney. to a certain Place, called Tubb's ,in the Parilli of Vo l.31. Cranbrooke,

ii6

4° Februa

Cranbrooke^in the said County: And that Mr. Darker, Sir William Beauchamp Protlor, Mr. Whitivorth, and Mr. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, the Came.

A. 1767.

Spemal Ash, Sec. Road.

Beckman’s

Nat.

The Earl of Catherlough reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen of the Counties of Warwick and Worccsler, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition , and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the lie port in his Place , and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read , and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Benjamin Bradley said. That he knows the lload from Aston, to a Street called Digbeth, in the Town of Birmingham; that feme Parts thereof are incommodious; and that it would be of Utility to have the same effectually repaired.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from SpernaU. Ash, in the County of Warwick, through Studley, to near Birmingham, in the Codnty of Warwick; that

they do make Provision in the said Bill for amending and widening the Road from Aston aforesaid, to a Street, in the Town of Birmingham, called Digbeth.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Nicholas Francis Beckman, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Francis Beckman.

Ordered, That Sir Jarrit Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

betweei> a Place called The End of the Town Clopc, in the City of Norwich, and a Water-course in the Vrent -Road opposite a farm House in the Occupation of Connell, in Hetherset, and also the Road lying between Frettlebridge,in Attleborough aforesaidand

the Chalk Pits in ThctJ'ord, in tire laid County of Norfolk, are become very ruinous, and, in many Places, are very narrow and inconvenient; and that the same cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Courfo of Law. "

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of several Acts, for repairing toe, lload between Wymondham and Attleborough, in ti.e County of Norfolk; and for amending the Road iVo.u the End of The Town Cloje, in tire County of the Cc 7 of Norwich, to the Chalk near Thetford, in the said County of Norfolk: And that Sir L >>/',

Mr. DeGrey, Mr. llarbord, Mr. Bacon, and Mr. C7<..ncs

Townshend,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees, appointed to put in P.-vcrVe Execution the several Acts of Parliament made for re- bav guiou. pairing the Highways, or Road, from the Stones in the Parish of Saint Leonard, m me

County of Middle/e.r, to the fmthcrmoll Part of the Northern lload, in the Pa nth of End field, in the same County, next to the Pariili of Chin the County of Hertford, was prefen ted to the House, and read;

Taking Not ice, That a Petition has been preferred to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the further improving the Navigation of the River Lee; and letting forth, that a new' Cut, or Canal, is thereby intended to be made through the Common Mav flies of the Parishes of Endfitdd, Edmonton, and Tottenham, between the Iliver Lee and the Roads under the Care of

JVjrmorKihain,

Sic

Roods.

the Petitioners; which the Petitioners are greatly ap-Sir Armine Wtodehousereported from the Committee, prehenfive will, in "l imes of f lood, obstruct the ancient to whom the Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Current of the Waters into the said River, and there-Peace for the County of Noifolk, met at their General by ren<jer ineffectual all the Means that have been Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at the Gallic of Nor- used by the Petitioners for preventing Floods in the toich, in the Shire-house there, in and for the said public Roads under their Care, in doing of which they County of Norfolk, on Wednesday the 14th Day of have expended upwards of £. 5,000 over and above January 1767; and also, the Petition of the Clergy, the Income of the Tolls: And therefore praying to be Gentry, Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders,andothers heard, by their Counsel or otherwise, against the said of His Majesty’s Subjects, residing in the City of Nor- 3^ w the House fliau direct.

wick, and in Thetford, in the County of Norfolk, and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the also residing near, and passing through, the Highways Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees ap-and Road between Norzoich and Thetford aforesaid pointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the (being Part of the great Road leading from Norwich to Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for af-jLondon);whole Names are thereunto subscribed, were certaiuing, preserving, and improving the Navigation referred; That the Committee had examined the Mat- cf River Lee, from the Town of Hertford, to the ter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to re- Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for port the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; preserving and improving the said River, from the said and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Town of Ware, to the new Cut, or River, made by-delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of London; was read; and is as followeth; viz. and for enabling the Governor and Company of the

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, an New River the better to suppiy tjlc Cities of Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his ancj and the Liberties and Suburbs there-

late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging 0fs with good and wholeiome Water; and of several the Term and Powers gran ted by several Acts of Par- Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties of hament paired for repairing the Highways between and , whose Names are

Wymondham and Attleborough, and from Uymondham thereunto subscribed; is referred. to Hetherset, and from the Mouth of Wigmore Lane to Hall Walk Gate,in Attleborough, in the County of

Norfolk, and for amending the other Roads adjoining The House being informed, that Mr. , from

to the Highways directed to be repaired by the said the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called former Acts, and making the said Acts more effectual, *n; al|d, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant was read: And, to their Address to His Mq |efty,

Mr. William Dewin, being examined, said. That the An Account of all Sums of Money, which have been Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said i^ued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addrefics Acts, and caused the said Roads to be repaired; but this House; and which have not been made good

that the same camjot be kept so, unless the Term by Parliament.

Account presented; Mouev ifined on AddreJR*

thereby granted be enlarged, and the Provisions in the said Acts made more effectual.

Aifid the Witnefsfurther said. That the Road lying

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. The said Account is as followeth;

To

7 Geo.

4° Februarii.

117

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been i/Tued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addrefibs of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To Tlwmas Tyrzvhitt, Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of the House of Commons, with proper Indexes thereto -

Afore to him for the like Service -

To Edward Moore, Gentleman, towards defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons

To the several Persons who were appointed to examine and finally liquidate all unsatisfied Claims and Demands on account of the late War in Germany -

To Jeremiah Dyfon, Esquire, in Repayment and Satisfaction of the like Sum due unto him for the Balance or Surplus of the Account for printing and reprinting the Journals of the House of Commons, and Indexes thereto

£ s' d.

400 — — 600 — —

5°o-----

11,200 — -^3

251 2 2

12,951 2 2

Exchequer, the th Day of February 1767.

S. P. Julliott.

Army;

Mutiny

and

Detection.

Ordered, That the saidAccount do lie upon the foreign Tallow from the Irt/ii; together with the Table, to be peru/ed by the Members of the House. Amount of the Duties paid thereon be referred to

the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defer- That the Account of the Quantity of Tai-

tion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their low exported from from ChristrAas 1750 to

Quarters, was read the Third Time. Michaelmas 1766; each Year, and each

The Amendments following were severally proposed Sort, with the Amount of the Drawback paid thereon;

to be made to the Bill; viz. be referred to the said Committee.

Pr. 1. 1. 14. To leave out " Seventeen," and insert Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Hard

" Sixteen" inliead thereof.

To leave out " ,"and insert

" Seven "inliead thereof.

To leave out " Six," and insert four"inilead thereof.

1. 17. To leave out ," and insert

1. 15.

1. j

and Soft Sope made in England from Midfum1 750 to 17diilinguishing each

be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on Hard and Soft Sope jointly, made in England, from 1750 to MidJ'um-

" Four" inilead thereof; and to leave mer 1766; diilinguishing each Year j be referred to the out " Thirteen," and insert u Sixty- said Committee, one" inhead thereof. Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Can-

And the said Amendments were, upon the Queiiion dies made in from Midsummer 1750 to Mid-

severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And summer 1766; diilinguishing eacji Year; be referred to the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. the said Committee.

Rif bleed.That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Ordered, That the Account of the gross and net he, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Dcfcrtion, and Produce of the Duties on Candles, from Midsummer

for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Goi'e do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

50 to Midsummer 1766:diilinguishing each Year;

ns.

dee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to rcfolie it self into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider of the present high Price of P; urilions, be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Tal- when the please to receive the same.

low imported into England, from Chr iff mas 1750 to Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Michaelmas 1766 diiiinguishing each Year, and the

Vol. 31. Hh Mr.

1 /j

be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Afr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had examined lcreral WitnclTes; and had come to 9, Resolution; which they had directed him to report.

t i

nS

4’ — 5° Februarii.

High Price of Corn.

Mr. Cooper also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon thisDay Seven-night, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Provisions.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn*,

JieJ'olved, That this House'will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means. ref0lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A. 1767.

N° 1. State and Condition of "James's Fort, in the River Gambia, taken 19th February 1766: And also, N° 2. Lift of Officers, Soldiers, and Cattle Slaves, belonging to James's Fort, Gambia, taken the 19th February 1766: And also,

N° 3. Report of the Garrison, Company’s Slaves, Ordnance, Ordnance Stores, Sfe. belonging to the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to cove, on the Coalt of Africa, taken the 5th 1766: And also,

N° 4. — State and Condition of Commenda Fort, taken the 10th April 1766: And also,

N° 5. — State and Condition of Tantumquery Fort, with an Account of what appears wanting, taken the 14th April 1766: And also,

N° 6. — State and Condition of Succondee Fort, take the 15th April 1766: And also,

N° 7. — State and Condition of Cape Coqfl Castle,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- taken the 15th April 1766: And also,

Supply.

.Importation

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

from

Europe,

cf wheat, &e. whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the Importation of Wheat, and Wheat-flour, free of Duty, from any Part of Europe, for a further Time than is allowed by any Act made in this Session of Parliament; and for permitting the free Importation of Barley, Barley Meal, and Pulse, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

N° 8. — State and Condition of Annamaboe Fort, taken the 17th April 1766: And also,

N° 9. — State and Condition of Winnebah Fort, taken the 17th April 1766: And also,

N° 10. — State and Condition of James's Fort, Accra, taken the 17th April 1766: And also,

N° 11. — State and Condition of Fort Pram Pram, taken the 17th April 1766: And also,

N° 12. — State and Condition of William's Fort, Whydah, taken the 25th April 1766. Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Arid then the House adjourned till To-morrovr Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 50 die Februarii J

Anno 7* Georgii IIP1 Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

Di/trefied

Debtors.

Marine

Forces,

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And presented to the House, a Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, ners in His Majesty’s Prison of the King's Bench, as well on Behalf of themselves, as for and on Behalf of Prisoners in the several other Prisons of this Kingdom, and of others of His Majesty’s Subjects now in Exile, and abroad in Parts beyond Sea.

And the said Petition was readcomplaining of the Distress of the Petitioners; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

MR. Hewett reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Stinted Pasture, and several other Grounds, in the Township of Halton East, in the County of was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee ( William

Gill, who is possessed of Five Cattle Gates in Halton Green, who is at Sea, and all’o except John Kendall, John BenJ'un, and John Ball, who are possessed of Two Cattle Gates, who were all applied to, to sign the Bill, and all answered, that they had never signed any thing of the Kind, nor ever would; and that the whole Number of Cattle Gates are 132); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House;and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Halton

East

Inclosure.

African

Forts,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the onShore: And that Mr. Stephens, Mr..Charles Town- Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by J/iend, and Mr. Tucker, do prepare, and bring in, the the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Mr. Stephens, from the CommUUoners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

*7

ingrossed.

Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of John Evayis, of the City of Lon- Coal Meta't don, Coal Merchant; and also the Petition of several Persons,

M



j


s‘:

\r

7 Geo. III.

5° Februarii.

Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Lightermen and Dealers in Coals, within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and at the several Wharfs, lituate between the Tower of London and

houj'e-holc,in the County of r, in Behalf of

themselves and others; were fevprally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. William Pet, Harness-maker, at Whitechapel, being examined, said. That his Father lately bought Two Chaldrons of Coals, which, upon being re-measured, appeared to want Four Bushels of Measure.

Mr. Samuel Elkin, Weaver at Shoreditch, informed your Committee, that he lately bought Ten Chaldron of Coals, which were found to be Twenty-one Bushels deficient in Measure.

Mr. Goddard Williams, Sadler in Great Queen Street, being examined, said. That about Three Years ago, he bought Coals, in the City of London, which were Three Buihels and One Peck, in a Chaldron, short of Measure.

Mr. Henry Hall, Broker in Moor Fields, being examined, said, That in Ai/gujl -1765 he bought Five Chaldron of Coals, which wanted Thirty-one Bushels of Measure.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Joseph Harrison, Mr. Coltman, and Mr.

John Waller, Dealers in Coals, being severally examined, said. That frequent Frauds are committed in the admeasuring of Coals; and that the Dealers in Coals are frequently harassed with frivolous and groundless Complaints and Prosecutions, on account of the Measure of Coals sold by them, by People who have lately set themselves up as Informers, and frequently bring Prosecutions where neither the Coal-dealer or his Servants have been in any Fault: And that it would be a great Security, both to the Dealers in Coals and the Consumers, if an Office w as established, and proper Persons appointed to inspect the Admeasurement of Coals within the City of London and Liberties thereof, and between the Tower of London and Limehoitfe-hole.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between the of London and LimehouJe-hole,in the County of sex: And that Sir Robert Ladbroke and Mr. Alderman Beck/ord do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Koe’s A Bill for naturalizing Koe and George Wolff", wan.t., was read a Second Time.

Nat.* Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Meyrick, Mr Pr^sir.Kynafmi, Mr. Wynn,

Sir John Palmer, Mr. Coults, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Laois,

Sir John HyndeCotton, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Sulivan,

Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Martin, Lord lough, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Mr. Gore, Sir Joseph

Maivbey, Mr. Staunton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Parker, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Darker, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Plummer, Sir James Dashiooood, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Fane, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Byde, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Jbn, Mr. Methuen, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Price Campbell: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mandrot’a A Bill for naturalizing Samuel Mandrot, was read

Na«. a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jarrit

VtML. JI.

Smith, Mr. Bindleij, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sulivan, Mr.

Praed, Mr. Fane, Sir Charles Mordaunt, M r. Townshend,

Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Lera's, Sir JosephMaxvbey, Mr. Mr.

Gore, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Darker, Sir William Meredith,

Mr. Onfotv, Mr. Martin, Sir James DaJhwood, Mr.

Meyrick, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Jackson, Mr. Ridley, Mr Bacon, Mr. Lord Coleraine, Mr Burke, Sir George Warren, Mr.

Mr. Thurlow: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Marchwid olhers, Breeders of Sheep and Cattle, in the County of to

AngleJ'ey,was presented to the House, and read; Set- Do n ting forth, That the Highway, leading from in the County of Denbigh, through the several Parishes of Bangor, Worthenbury, and Hanmer, in the County of Flint, to Dodington,in the Parish of Whitchurch, in

the County of Salop, is Very founderous, and in bad Repair, and cannot be effectually repaired by the Laws in being; And therefore praying, That the House will . take the above same into their Consideration, and grant such Relief as they shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the County of Denbigh, is referred.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Distressed thereunder subscribed, Prisoners for Debt in His Ma- Debt© r». jesty’s Gaol for the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, met Whal* at Edinburgh the 30th Day of January 1767, was pre- Fishery. fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Bounty of Forty Shillings per Ton, granted by Parliament on all Ships employed in catching Whales, in the 1 Greenland Seas, expires at the End of this present Session of Parliament; and that the said Branch of Commerce, the Petitioners think, is an Object of National Importance; and the Shortness of the Time granted for the Continuance of the Bounty, by the lall Act of Parliament, it is believed, has checked the Increase of that Fishery; and it is greatly to be feared, if the Bounty is not renewed, that that valuable Branch of Trade will be entirely at a (land: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to do in it as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, His Majesty’s British Subjects, concerned in the Whale Fishery, on Behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said Fishery, is referred.

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, Chesterton to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Inclosure. Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Manor of Chesterton, in the County of Oxford, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and . found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and

then

t

120

5° FebruariL

A. 1767.

rw^ Second ^'me> e ^7 One 5 and’ upon t,ie Parishioners of Saint , Rotherhith, in the County

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iugrossed.

Rotherhith

Church*

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Mary, hit/i, in the County of Surre, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two A Sts of Parliament, One made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, were read; by the former of which several Rates and Duties were granted for discharging such Debts of the said Parish as had been contracted in and about building and enlarging the Church, and to satisfy such Sums of Money as should be necessary for finishing and adorning the said Church, not exceeding the Sum of £. 1,500; which Money was to be borrowed upon Life Annuities; and by the Second of the said Acts the Term and Powers of the said First Act were enlarged, and the Petitioners were enabled to raise such further Sums of Money as Ihouid be necessary for purchasing a convenient Piece of Ground for a Burial Ground, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

The Reverend Mr. Matthew Aubeing examined, said, That the Number of Inhabitants within the said Parish has greatly increased since the passing of the said (aft-mentioned A<5i, insomuch that they are obliged to purchase another Piece of Ground, for an additional Burial Ground, the present Church Yard and Burial Ground being insufficient.

Mr. John Davis, Vestry Clerk of the said Parish, being examined, said. That the Inhabitants of the said Parish have agreed with the Master, Fellows, and Scholars, of Clare Hall in , who are the

Patrons of the Rebtory, and with the Reverend Thomas

Cockayne, the present Rebtor, for the Purchase of the Parsonage House, with the Garden and Appurtenances, in order to pull down the said House, and

of Surrey, by certain Funeral Rates therein mentioned, to finifti the said Parish Church, and for purchasing an additional Burial Ground; and to enable them to raise Money for purchasing the present Parsonage House, and converting the Site thereof into a Burial Ground; and for providing a new Parsonage House: And that Sir Francis Vincent, Sir JoJ'ejdi Maiobey, and Mr. Onslow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John HyndeCotton reported from the Commit- South Level

tee, to whom the Petition of the Owners and Occu- Drainage, piers of divers Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in that Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called The South Level, between the River Grant, or Cam, and the Hard Lands of Ditton,

tiftiam, Swaffham Bullbeck, Swaffha Prior, Buncell,

Fordham, and Wicken,was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, James Collier, Esquire, being examined, said, That the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds are, and have been for these Thirty Years pall, greatly annoyed with Water, through the Defect of their Outfall to the Sea; and that the same cannot be effectually drained and preserved without the Aid of Parliament.

Which Evidence was fconfirmed by Charles Esquire.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in that Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called The South Level, between the River , or Cam, and the Hard Lands of Ditton,

2ui, Bottisham, Sioajf'ham Bulbeck, Swaffham Prior,

Burwell, Fordham, and Wicken: And that Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Thomas Townshend, and Mr. Jenyns, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Anthony Bacon presented to the IToufe, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable

Cofonre

Inclosure.

life the Site thereof, together with the Ground there- Lands, within the Township and Liberties of Cofgrove,

___*.. 1_1___:____r__________I I>., I in rnnnfr rtf XFnr/JinmTif/ni- PvrlllfivP of BroiVnf-

unto belonging, for an additional Byrial Ground, the Purchase Money to be applied in erecting a new Parsonage House within the said Parish.

The Reverend Mr. Cockayne, Rector of the said Parish, informed your Committee, that the Right Reverend Father in God, the Lord Bishop of Ordinary of the Diocese, had been acquainted with the said Agreement, and had consented thereunto.

Mr. John Davis, being again examined, said, That the Inhabitants are not able to raise the Sums necessary for such Purchase, and for defraying the of inclosing, and making the said Site and Ground

lit for the Burial of the Dead, without the Aid of Parliament; and are desirous that the Terms and Powers granted by the a fore-meA6ts may be

enlarged, and the said Rates and Duties continued; and that the same Rates and Duties as are now payable by the former Acts, may be payable for every Person who shall be interred in the said intended

in the County of Northampton, exclusive of icood Green, and Kenfonfield, in the Parish of CoJgrove, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Roger Nczvdigate presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Hill for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Thames Sheet, in the City of Oxford, over Botley Causeway, to the Turnpike Road near Fifield, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Oxford,

over

Botley

causewjy,

Road.

Mr. Morton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the County of Denbigh; r _ and a the Petition of the High Sheriff and Grand

Burial Ground; and that they may be enabled to raise Jury of the County of Flint, assembled at the Assizes

neii it Wii.v.«-» f a T si _ 11 1. A. /T* _ ' _ . f tv — _

Mxrchwml

to

Podingtoi Road.

such further Sums of Money as be sufficient for the several Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, of the Third of King George the and the Eleventh of his late Mfor enabling the

*7

holden for the said County on the 19th Day of Au-gnjl ij66; and a lfo the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Market Town of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others. Breeders of Sheep and Cattle, in the County of


7 Geo. III.

5° Februarii

121

of Camat'von; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Flint;were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report. in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Lloyd. Kenyon, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Road leading to Marc hwivel,in the County of Denbigh, through Danger, Worthenbury, and in the County of Flint,to a House in the Possession of Mr.

Bounties.

Moor, within the Manor of Lngleton, in the West Riding of the County of York, is committed.

The House being informed that Mr. Forrester, from Account the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; be pefentad; ] was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, B~’~ pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Amount of all Bounties and Drawbacks paid out of the Revenue of the Excise, from Midsummer 1754 to Mid/ummer 1766;distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the

7'homasjenks, in Doilington,in the Parish of Whitchurch, Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

4 I 4- 1 r f/%^% 1 m v t A tf«r wit % »%/tt i A rl 11 1 A /* 1 / S 1 . 1

in the County of Salop, is become very ruinous, and cannot be effe6hially amended by the present Laws in being for the Repair of Highways; that considerable Sums have from time to time been laid out in Repairs of the fame, but is Hill in a very bad Condition.

Which Evidence was confirmed by a Member present at the Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from in

the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenbury, and Hanmer, in the County of to a House in

the Possession of Mr. Thomas in Dodington, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop: And that Mr. Morton, Mr. Meyrick, Sir Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton, and Mr. Wynn, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

The said Account is preserved among!! the other Papers of this Selfiou.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all the Public Debts, at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, Handing out at Christmas last, with the Annual Interest or other Charges payable for the fame.

Account ordered; Public Debts.

Sind ford Inclosure.

The House being informed, that Mr. James, from the Fall India United Company of Merchants trading to the East Company. Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their

Orders.

N° r. State of the Expences incurred by the East In-d/aCompany,at their severalSettlements and Factories,

on account of the Wars and Disturbances in the East

Sir James Dq/hicood reported from the Committee, Indies,extracted from the respective Books, according to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain to their different Periods, from 1754 to those last re-Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, tceived: and continued to 17 by Estimates formed in the Parish of Sandford,in the County of Oxford, was ’ upon the bell Advices: And also,

N° 2. Account of sundry Expences incurred by the East India Company, on account of the Wars and Disturbances in the East Indies, from 1754 to 1766, both Years inclusive, being for Freight, Demurrage,

Tonnage of Military Passengers and Stores; and other Expences relating to Ships sent out by them: And also,

N° 3. State of Expences incurred by the East India Company, on account of the Wars and Disturbances-in the East Indies, for Vessels with Advices, and

committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Trustee for Three Minors, whose Property in the Lands intended to be inclosed, con-fists of Half a Yard Land, and who said he would not sign the Bill; and also except Richwhofe Pro-

perty consists of one Quarter of a Yard Land, who said, he had no objection to the Inclosure, but would not

sign the Bill; and also except John Smith, whose Pro- for passage and incident Charges on His Majesty’s perty conlilts of One Butt of Land, without Common, Troops, and also for Recruits, raised by the Company,

who said, he did not chuse to sign, his Property was so trifling; and also except Mary Heywood, who, either for herself, or jointly with her Father, is seised of One Sixth Part of the Impropriate Tythes arising within the said Parish, who were both applied to, but said they would have nothing to do with the Inclosure; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to he inclosed confilts of 69 Yard Lands and Five Eighths of a Yard Laud); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Fill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments, were Once read throughout; and then a Second lime. One by One; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be jngrbfled.

from 1754 to 1766, both Years inclusive: And also, N* 4, General Abstract of the Totals of the several Accounts of Expences incurred by the East India Company, occasioned by the Wars and Disturbances in the East Indies, from 1754 to 1766, both Years inclusive; distinguishing each Year: And also,

N° 5. State of the Revenues arising from the Dif-tri6ts ceded to the East India Company; and also, an Account of the Sums received by the Company from the Nabobs or Country Powers, extracted from the respective Books, according to their different Periods, from 17AQ inclusive, to the Grant of the Dewannee.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to pre- Militia Bentham Ordered, That Sir LionelPilkington be added to the pare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloth- P*y and Moor Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing alnd inclosing ing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain call-Indoiure. a certain Common, and Waite Ground, called Bentham ed England, and the Amount of 28 Days Subsistance V01,. 31. li foe

122 5° — 6° Feiruar ’ 1767.

For the Commission Officers of the fakl Militia, under the Rank of Major, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1767:

And a Committee was appointed of I^ord Strange, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Toicnjhend, Sir George Yonge, Mr. , Mr. On-

Jloio, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Mr. Morton, Mr.

Gilbert, Sir Matthew Lamb, Mr. Mr. Ong-

ley, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Pitt, Lord Pan-mu re, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Campbell, Colonel Barre, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Calvert, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Burke, Mr. Whitworth, Sir James Mr. Burrell, Mr. Cooper, Sir Edward Bay Mr. Yorke, Mr. Disfon, Lord Burgherfh, Mr. Smith, Mr. Sharpe, Sir

Mawbey, Sir William Meredith, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Bacon, Lord Coleraine, Sir George Warren, Lord Brownloiv Bertie, Mr. Sir Fletcher Norton,

Lord George Sackville, Sir John Palmer, Lord fort. Sir RichardBampfylde, Mr. Mr. Gascoyne,

Sir Roger Mofiyn, Sir John Gibbons: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

High Price Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Provisions. Committee ^ie whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the present high Price of Provisions, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’sTable: "Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Importation Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

T That the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and &c°W> Grease, be allowed, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: and that Mr. Cooper and Sir Joseph Mawbey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Importation Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee of the whole

of Wheat, House, to whom the Bill for allowing the Importation c' of Wheat, and Wheat-flour, free of Duty, from any Part of Europe, for a further Time than is allowed by any Act made in this Session of Parliament; and for permitting the free Importation of Barley, Barley Meal, and Pulse, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited;

was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

VeneriS) 60 dieFehruarii j

Anno 70 Georgii III"! Regis, 1767.

Praye rs.

(\RDERED, That a Committee be appointed, to Expiring

inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; L»w*. and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are lit to be revived or continued:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Pennant,

Mr. Darker, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Alderman Beckford,

Mr. Ryder, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Robinfin, Mr.

Mr. Rushout, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Northeij,

Mr. Bacon, Lord North, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Dyjbn, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Plumptrc, Mr. Fane, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Gil bert. Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Mr.

Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Edmund IJhaLord Burgherjh, Lord Clare, Sir William Beauchamp Proflor, Mr. Funne-

reau. Sir Ellis Cunliffc, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Townshend,

Sir William Meredith, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Pateifoil, Mr.

Bagot, Mr. Bull, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Bootle,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Clive, Sir Thomas Cave, Captain Elliott, Sir John Sebright, Lord CatMr. Foley, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Lord

Mr. Harvey, Mr. Neville, Mr. Mr. Onjloio,

Mr. Reipiolds, Mr. Brand, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr.

Smith, I-ord Adam Gordon, Mr. Bejl, Lord North, Mr.

Ellis, Lord Strange, Mr. Charles Townshend; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cranford to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed M . ,to. . in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, and goid. the Seventeenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of

fix, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks; and for amending the Road from Slough, to a certain Place in Eton; and from Langley Broom, to Datchet Bridge, in the County of Buckingham; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir JosephMaxvbey presented to the House, according Importation toOrder, a Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, of Tallow, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, 4cc-Hog’s Lard, and Grease: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Julliott, from Account the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he Was called' in; presented; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to Xg|jj^aer their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certaiil Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1766.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

T«

7 Geo. III.

6a Februarit.

123

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the EXCHEQUER BILLS, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1766.

THE Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the above Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Eight Hundred Thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 6th Day of February, 1767.

S. P. Ju

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that One of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew, of And the said Peftition was read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition ng*. is presented to the House, by several Merchants,

Traders, and others, residing within or constantly reflating to the said City, for Leave to bring in a Bill for opening a ndw Street from the House,

within the said City, to communicate with the Preben-dal Ellate of Halliwell,otherwise , Parcel of the Possessions of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, in the said City, lying contiguous to the same City j and to enable them to purchase of the said City the present fubfilting Term of the Lease of the Premises; and to impower the Prebendary to grant them a Lease thereof, for a suficient Term of Years, for carrying into Execution tht said Design: And further setting forth. That the Mdyor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London have been, for upwards of 200 Years lall pall, Lessees of the said Ellate, under the Prebendary of Ft'n/bury, and of all Houses, Gardens, Lands, and Tenements, in Middlesex, and London, belonging to that Prebend; and that there are now about 16 Years to come of the present Lease.; and that the Petitioners have, for. several Years pall, heen in Treaty with the present Prebendary for a Renewal thereof; but that Difficulties have arisen, which have hitherto prevented the Petitioners from coming to any Conclu-fion with the said Prebendary; ancbthat the Petitioners have long had in their Contemplation, and mean to carry into Execution, a general Improvement of all the Ellate held by them under the said Prebendary, in case their present Lease shall be renewed; and that the Petitioners hope, that, after having, upon all Occasions, given the strongell Proof of their Attention to the Convenience And Accommodation of the Public, upon dilinterdled Motives, the Corporation of the City of London fha.Il not be compelled to part with their Intereli in the Premises, that the same may be veiled in private Perl'ons: And therefore praying the House to take the same into Confuleration, and to permit

the Petitioners to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Petition; and to grant the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feemmeet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of, the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Merchants, Traders, and others, residing within or conllantly resorting to the City of'

London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred; and that the 'Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time,- in Favour of the said fortUer Petition, against the Petition now presented.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Mini.1P.17 House, an Account of the Certificates returned to a d him, from the Clerks of the Peace of the several Coun- Clothing, ties in that Part of Great Britain called England, pursuant to the Directions of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for applying " the Money granted in this Session of Parliament,

" for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing " of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called " England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of " March 1766} and for explaining, amending, and " rendering more effectual, several Acts of Parliament,

" passed in the Second, Fourth, and Fifth Years of the " Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the " railing and training the Militia, within that Part of " Great Britain called England."

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pur- Accotmti suant to their Address to His Majesty, AmiT*

An Account of extraordinary Services incurred, and Extn^"&c, paid by the Right honourable Charlet Esquire, late Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from 25th January 1766 to 3d February 1767,

and not provided lor by Parliament: And also.

An Account of extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Ix>rd North, anti George Cooke, Esquire, Paymaster General of'His Majesty’s Forces, from the 2 xil August 1766 to the 3d of February 1767, and not provided for by Parliament.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Vo l. 31.

An

i^4

6° Februarii.

A. 1767.

An ACCOUNT of extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Charles

Esquire, late Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from 25th January 1766 to 3d February 1767, and hot provided for by Parliament.

Dates of Warrants.

1765.

18th Dec.. To Lieutenant Colonel Faucitt, 92* Pay, at {.5 a Day, as Commissary for settling the Accounts of the Prisoners of War of the late Allied Army in Germany,to 6th December 1765 - - 460 — —

176 6.

16th Mar. To D°, 92*" D°, at D° Rate, as D°, to 8th

March 1766 - 460 — —

24th June. To D°, 92* D°, at D° Rate, asD°, to 18th

' June 1766 - - - 460 — —

— -----1,380 — —

1765.

20th Dec. To J.W. Moller, Burgo Matter at Hamlyn, for his Salary and

incidental Expences, as Auditor to the Office of Control, during the late War in Germany - - - 57611,

To Mr. Huhn, in Discharge of a Warrant granted by Colonel

Pierson, on Peter Taylor, Esquire, for Forage and Bread ' furnished to the Troops at Witter, in February 1761 - 101 n 7

1766.

29th Jan. To Colonel Defmaretz, as Commissary, for inspecting the Cunette, Forts, and Batteries at Dunkirk, 183* Pay for himself and Secretary, to 24th December 1 765, at 3. 10 a Day ----- 640 xo —

28th Aug. To D°, as D°, 182*0°, to 24th June 1766,

at D° Rate - - - 637 — —

24th Jan. To D° for Contingencies, from 25th December

1764 to 24th December 1765 - - - 152 7 —

----- ,429 17 —

27th Febr.To Counsellor Rose, in Discharge of a Warrant granted by

Colonel Pierson on P. Taylor, Esquire, for Bread delivered to the Garrison of Lipjladt, and sundry Troops, from

December 1760 to August 1761 ----- 15,331 % n

28th Febr. To Mr. West, Secretary to the Commissioners for stating and examining German Demands, for Salaries of Clerks, and Contingencies of the said Commissioners Office, by way of Imprest and upon Account - - - 1,000 — —

2d May. To D° 182* Pay, as Secretary to D°, to 18th

April 1766 ----- 227 10 —

16th July. To D°, for his Services as Secretary to the Commissioners for reviling the Accounts of John Jacob Ukermun - - - - too — —

----- 1,327 10 —

27 th Mar. To MelP' Delius and C°, in Discharge of a Warrant, granted by William Najj'au Elliott, Esquire, on P. Taylor, Esquire, for Forage delivered into the Magazines at Ofnabrug and

Lipjladt - -.....- 1,702 xi —

26th To MelP* Pozvnall, Cornwall, and Culhbert, Commissioners for examining and stating the German Accounts and Demands, 182* Pay each, to 20th March 1766 - 1,092 — —

15th July. To D°, 43* Pay each, to 2d May 1766 - - 258 — —

----- i,35° —

X2th Apr. To MelP* D’Oyly, Cornwall, and Bradjhaio, as a Reward for their great Pains, Care, and Attention, in examining and revising the Reports of the Commissioners appointed to inquire into certain Frauds and Abuses alledged to have been committed in Germany ----- 900 — —

To David Mendez da Costa, for Bread Waggons fumished by him in Germany, for the Use of the liejfian Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, from 2d June 1757 to 17th November 1758.....11,236 8 10

£. s.

8th

7 Geo. III.

6° Februarii.

i«5

Date* of Warrants.

17 66.

8th A

6th July.

10th.

17th.

16th.

18th.

26th.

4th

-6th Febry.

13th Mar. 4 th April. 2d May.

7 th June.

11 th July.

6th Febry.

4th April. 2d May. 7th June.

13 th Mar.

4th April. 2d May.

7 th June.

11 th July.

13th Mar. Vot. 31,

To Mr. Bishop,late Superintendant and Director of the foreign Hospitals irt Germany, towards his Expences and £. s.

Ditburfements, by way of Iniprcft and upon Account - 350-----

To MelT'* Cuthbertand JIultim, late Commissimcs to the

Combined Artny in Germany, as a Reward for their Services in inquiring into and llating several Accounts after the Expiration of their Commission - -- - - 400-----

To Mr. Willy, in full for the Balance of an Account of Com sent to Bremen, for the Use of the late Combined Army

in Germany - 167 10 4

To Sir Laurence Dundas, Baronet, in full of the Balance of an Account of Bread, Bread Waggons, and Horses, supplied by him, for the Ufo of D4 Army, in the Year

1759..... - - 195 13 8

To Yir. Potcrail, Director of the Office of Control with the late Army in Germany, Pay for himself and Secretary,

to 20th of September 1763 - - - - 396-----

To Lieutenant Colonel Miles, for Monies disbursed by him at sundry Times, for the contingent Expences of the 2d Battalion of the lit Regiment of Foot Guards, while on Service in Germany - - - 187 9 1

To Mr. Hatton, for the Balance of his Account, as CommiO'ary General of the Combined Army in Germany, between 1 ith July 1758 and 12th May 1760 - - 824 15 1,

To M. G. Incin, in Discharge of Bills of Exchange drawn by him for the public contingent Charges of the Garrison of Gibraltar, upon Account - 1582 7 3

To D4, in Discharge of a D4, drawn by D4, for D* of D4

Garrison, upon D4 - 500 — . —

To M. G. Gage, Commander irt Chief of the Forces in North -America, in Discharge of Bills of Exchange drawn by him for the Use and Supply of the Forces under his Command, upon Account - 4,211 4 3

To D4, in Discharge of D4, drawn by D4,

for D° Service, upon D4 - ... 7,970 145

To D°, in Discharge of D4, drawn by D8,

for D4 Service, upon D° - - - - 5,741 17 4

To D4, in Discharge of D4, drawn by D4,

for D4 Service, upon D° - - - 12,061 11 2

To D4, in Discharge of D°, drawn by D4, for D4 Service, upon D* - - - 3,295 to 6

To D4, in Discharge of D% drawn by D°,

for D4 Service, upon D° ... 6,338 109

'----- 39>6i9 8 3

To satisfy Bills of Exchange, drawn by Robert

F.squire, Governor of Grenada and the Grenadines, for the Use and Supply of the Forces serving the re, upon Account 1,900 -7- —

To satisfy D°, drawn by D4, for D* Service, upon D* - - - 600-

To satisfy D4, drawn by D4, for D* Service, upon D3.....i,6oo — —

To satisfy D°, drawn by D4, for D4 Service, upon D° - 600-----

----- 4,700-----‘

To satisfy Bills of Exchange drawn by Geo. Esquire,

for the Use and Supply of the Forces serving in West

Florida, upon Account - - - - 610-----

To satisfy D4, drawn by D4, for D4 Service, upon D4 - - - - 283 it 10

To satisfy D4, drawn by D4, for D° Service, upon D4 - - - 30 — —

To satisfy D4, drawn by D4, for D4 Service, upon D4 448 13 —

To satisfy D4, drawn by D% for D4 Service, upon D4 - - - 8119 —

-----2,183 13 10

To satisfy and discharge Bills of Exchange, drawn by Hans MuJ'grave, for the Use and Supply of His Majesty’s Forces serving at Jamaica, upon Account - - - 3,242 13 6

Kk

£ ' d-

37»337 n 5

To

6° Februa.


I]

1


1

I!

tz6 6° Februarii,

Dates of Warrauts.

1766. ’

.^(1 May.To satisfy a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Riminglon,

Esquire, for the Use and Supply of the Forces serving at Jamaica,upon Account - - - 2,16114 —

6th. To satisfy D°, drawn by D°, for D8 Service,

upon D° - - - - . 1,200 — * —

7th June. To satisfy D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service,

upon D° - 200-----

1

6th Febiy. To satisfy a Bill/ of Exchange, drawn by Brigadier General

Murray, for the Use and Supply of the Forces forving in Quebec, upon Account - -

1 qth Mar. To satisfy D8, drawn by D% for D° Service* upon D° -

4th April To satisfy D°, drawn-by D8, for D* Service,.

upon L)° -

2d May. To satisfy D8, drawn by D8, for D8 Service, upon D8 - -

7th June. To satisfy D°, drawn by D% for D* Service, upon 6° - - - - , -

w\\\July. To fatjisfy D8, drawn by D8, for D° Service, upoili B° -. - - - -.

c

s.

14

49°-----

Ij55° -

700 — —

594 2 3'

v

175 — T*

200 — . —

6th Febry. To satisfy Bills of Exchange, drawn by Robert Far mar, Esquire, for the Use and Supply of the Forces destined to take Fof-session- of Mobille, upon Account - - 228 15 9

To satisfy D°, drawn by D°, for D8 Service, upon l)8 - - - - 153 1; 6

3>7°9 2 .5

13th Mar. 4th Apr. 11th July.

To satisfy D8, drawn by D8, for D° Service, upon D8 -

To satisfy D8, drawn by D°, for D8 Service,

upon D8 - - - - i

233 6 8

82 2' 8

13th Mar. To satisfy and discharge D8, drawn by Major General , for the Use and Supply of the Forces under his Command , at Montreal, upon Account - -

To satisfy and discharge D8, drawn by Alexander,

Esquire, for the Use and Supply of the Forces in the ceded Mauds, upon D°- - -

7th June. To satisfy and discharge D°, drawn by John Reade, Esquire, for the Use and Supply of the Forces upon the Expedition

to the Illinois, upon D°....

nth July. To satisfy and discharge D8, drawn by Lieutenant Colonel

Cunyngham, for the Use and Supply of the Forces in Nova Scotia, upon D8 - -

’1765-

15th Nov

1766.

1 rth June.

1765-

4th Deer.

1766. ad May.

17 63.

4th Deer.

1766.

25 th Mar.

ft2d May. 31st Janry.

697 6 7

1,500 -

1,712 8 a

327 5

3,82a 11 8

To Captain Brifac, for Coals and Candles, Brooms, Sic. supplied by him, for the Use of the Guard Room in Chathqm Lines 567 14 1

To D8, for D% supplied by him, for D*

Service - - - . - 674 19 — -

To P. Thicknefe, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Land guard

Fort, for furnishing Coals, Candles, Sic. for the Use of the Forces in Garrison in the said Fort - - 183 14 —

1,242 13 1

To D8, for D% for the Use of D%_in D*

95 5 —

478 19 —

To Lieutenant Colonel Ball, Lieutenant Governor of the Idand of Jersey, for furnishing Coals, Candles, He. for the Invalids doing Duty in the said Ilknd . - 214 16 6

To D°, for furnishing D°, for D°, in the Year

17^51 .....- -

22 18 —

To Sir John Milne, Lieutenant Governor of the Mand of Jersey, for Coals, Candles, Sic. supplied by him for the Invalids doing Duty in that island -To Samuel Lejlie, Esquire, Barrack Mailer in North Britain, for Oatmeal, Firing, Caudles, Sic. iurnithed to the Forces quartered in the Garrisons there, from 25th December 1764 to 24th December 1765 - -

237 14 6

159 4 —

2,193 ii 6

J. 1767.

£ rf*

67,158 10 8

Tq

6° FebruariL

127

7 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

1766.

To Col. Thomas, for Coals, Candles, 3fc. for the 2d Battalion of the Coklstream Regiment of Foot Guards, for the current Year -

7th Febry. To Sir Thomas Pym Hales, Lieut. Governor of the Garrison of

Dover Cattle, ibr furnittiing Coals, Candles, fife. for the Use of the said Garrison -

27th To Mr. Boioerbank, Contractor for maintaining the Bedding,

&Y- in the Garrison and Town of for providing

and repairing divers Utensils for the Use of the Barracks there, and for furnishing Coals, Candles, fife. for the Use of the said Barracks ——

To John Wemyjs, Esquire, Lieut. Governor of Edinburgh Cattle, for Coals and Candles furnished by him for the Use of the Forces quartered in the said Cattle, from 1 tt October , 1765 to 31 December following - - 141 12 —

2d May. To 1> fur D®, fimiished by him for the Use

of D% Jroiu iw January 176b to 3 ill March

followin' -

25th Apr. To Mr. Wauchope, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for -the Use of the Forces that are or may be in the Barracks at Plymouth -

20th June. To 1>, for providing and repairing divers Utensils, fife. for the Use of D° Barracks, from ift July 176310 30th June 1765

139 *4

500-----

270

6 11

27th Febry.To Mr. Gardener, for Necessaries furnished by him for the Use of the Forces in North Britain, for Charges of Encampments, and for Monies issued to Officers, in the Year 176 7, pursuant to the Orders of Lord Geo. Beauclerk, Commander in Chief of the Forces in North Britain -12th Mar. To Lord Geo. Beauderk, Commander in Chief in North Bn lain, for the like Sum expended by him on divers Occasions, for the Good of the Service in that Part of the World - - - - .

2id Apr.To William Caulfield, Esquire, Inspector of the Roads and

Bridges in North Britain, for the following Services,

4 d. towards the Expences of the Roads and Bridges to be made and built in North Britain during the , present Year, and £. 2,000 to be by him paid over to Lieut. Col. Rixon, Deputy Quarter Matter General, upon Account, towards the Expences of making a Road in North Britain -

To D° for his 34th Year’s Allowance towards the Charges of surveying, repairing, and amending the old Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1766

i76r>-

20th Deer.To Lieut. General Ifl/il/nore, to replace Accoutrements of his

1766. Regiment, loll by Shipwreck - -

7th Feb/y. To Mr. Meyrick,to be by him paid over to the Colonels of the 39th and 93d Regiments of Foot, of their Representatives in Ireland, in full Satisfaction of the Expence incurred by them in replacing the Clothing, hie. delivered to Drafts to augment the 83d and 91st Regiments of Foot, ordered from Ireland to Portugal, in the Year 1762

27th. To Sir. Oldham, to be by him paid over to sundry Officers of Regiments, to replace divers Horses and Mules loft by them on Service in Germany and Portugal, during the Course of the late War -

To Mr. II. Drummond, late Agent of the 46th Regiment of Foot, to make good the Lottes sustained by the said Regi-in the Action of Ticonde) and Niagara, in the Years 1778 and 1759 - -

To Lieut. Colonel Dalrymple, to replace a Horse and a Mule loft by him in Portugal during the Course of the latt War -

£. s. d. 360 15 8

359 16 a

183 12 10

£. s. d.

281 6 —

770 6 11

6,069 *9 8

1,326 7 —

300-----

7>53 9 4

5°°-----

9,689 16 4

65 12 4

554 8 7

184 9 —

175 *-6 30-----

VvL. 3I.

To


128 6° Februarii,

Dates of Warrants.

1766.

12th Mar. To Lieut.Sutherland, to replace One Ilorfe loft upon Service

in Germany, in the Year 1761 -

To Lord Adam Gordon, for the like Sum expended by him in fending a new Set of Arms to his Regiment of Foot, doing Duty in the Illaad of Jamaica To Mr. Mcyrick, for a new Set of Arms font by him to an Intk'peniient Company of Foot doing Duty in the CalUe of Edinbro'- - -

21ft. To D°, to be by him paid over to sundry Officers of llegi-1 ments, to replace divers Ilorfes and Mules loti by (hem on ' Service in Germany and Portugal, during the Course of the last War ‘ - - - - _ - _ - -

25th Apr. To Lieut. Col. Prcvojl, to be by him paid over to the several Captains of the late 3d Battalion of the Royal American Regiment of Foot, to reimburse them the Expences neccf- , farily incurred by them in supplying the Clothing of that Battalion, which was taken by the Enemy in the Bay of Chalpurs going to Quebec -

ad May. To Lieut. General Strode, to reimburse him the Losses he sustained in replacing the Clothing of the Drafts to augment the 83d and 91st Regiments of Foot ordered to em- ‘ bark for Ireland, in the Year 1762 - -

29th. To Col. FraJ'er, to replace the Clothing of the 78th Battalion of Foot, which was taken on the 16th May 1760, by the MachaultFrench Frigate -

To Mr. Oldham, to be by him paid over to sundry Officers of Regiments, to replace divers Horses and Mules loft by them on Service in Germany and Portugal, during the Course of

the last War....

30th. To Mr. Kidgell, to be by him paid over to sundry Officers of the 83d and 91st Regiments of Foot, to replace D° loft in D"

during D° - - -....

nthy«ne. To D°, to be by him paid over to sundry Officers of Regiments, to replace D° loft in D°, during D° -

20th. To Lieut. General Armiger,' to reimburse him the Lofies he sustained in replacing Part of the Clothing of the Year 1761, of his Regiment of Foot, which was damaged and rendered unfit for Service in the Passage from New York to the llavanna -

To Lieut. Wooley, and Cltrijopher , to replace Two Mules and One Horie, loft by them on Service in Portugal, during the Course of the last War -

*759-

31 Ju

1760.

To Thomas Culhbert, Esquire, 36 5'1' Pay, as a Supernumerary Captain of Lord Geo. Beauclerk's Regiment of Foot, to 24th

June, 17 66 -.-

To Richard Carr, Esquire, 305d* D°, as D° of Lieut. General A'Court's D°, to D° -

aoth Augt. To Samuel Lejlie, Esquire, 365* D*j as D* of L. G.

D°, to D° -....

*7 59* 31st July.

1762.

To Major Blaguire, Dragoons, to D° -

1 Si4' D% in lieu of a Troop of Light

loth Febry. To Major Robert Ackland, 1824’ Pay, in lieu of a Company in his own Regiment of Invalids, to D° -To Major Rooke, 182'" Allowance, as Major to the late 98th

Regiment of Foot, to D°....

To Mr. Guiguer, i82dl Pay as Commissary for the Exchange

of French Prisoners of War, to Du....

To D°, i82d‘ additional Pay as D°, to D°

,l\l,\Iarch. To Lieut. General Napier, late Adjutant General, i82d* Pay, Z:> to D"....

:Jth Oclr.

17 15th

66.

Jjny-

To sundry Commandants of Forts in North America, for their Pay, between 25th December 1763 and 24th December 1764

To Robert Adair, Esquire,inspector General of the Hospitals, i,096d* Pay, to 24th December 1765

£. s. d.

15-----

94 11 4

16 7 4

229 9 — -

592 7 9

170 ti 8 1,025 a 6

48 9 —

624 14 — 169 9 —

no 17 —

45-----

182 10 —

15?-----

182 10 —

141 1 — -

91-----

136 10 —

91-----

91-----

L373 17 6

1,644-----

A. 1767,

C s. d.

4,085 18 8

To

fGyo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

1766. i^th -F

1 ith Now.

iffijanry

18 th F

25th M W July. izfh‘Mar.

4th April.

25th.

aoth June.

25th June

loth July.

18th. lath Sepr.

T9 Mr. Barr,pi1" Pay, Sttrgeort tb the Hofprtals in

Nu America,to 24th Mar. 1764 -

To Mr. Fitter, for 244" Pay or additional Surgeons Mates to the 36th Regiment of Foot, serving in the Island of Jaihaica, to 23d February 1766 - / -

To Thomas Dorijley, Eftpilre, PAy, as a reduced

Cortiet in L. G. Elliott's ' Dragoons, to 18th April 1763 - - -; -

To IV'm. Carson, Esquire, 1 c>d* D°, as D* in l)°, to D® - -

To John Beckwith, Esquirb, ig,lJ D°, a!s D® in D* to D® -To John Pritchard, Esquire, 19*" D®; as D° in D°, to D®

To Geo. Gunn, Esquire, if D°, as D® in D®, to D®

To Samuel Pitts, Esquire^ li 9" D*, as D° In D°, to To Mr. Munro, 1,279'" P^» As Cdmriiissary of Stores in

N° Bjl, to 24th December 1765 - - "

To Lieut. Pitts,457 *"Pay, as Commissary of Stores in tliie

Illund of Leaconia,to 29th March 1764

To Mh Lewis, 611" Pay, as Commissary of Stores upon the Expedition to Niagata ih Ameritd 23d 1757

To Mr. Meyrick, for 183d* Pay of 8 additional Surgeons

Mates to 66th Regintertt Of Foot, IferVing iri Jamaica, to 24th December 1765 - - ..

To Lieut. Hodgson, 453d* additional Pay, for defnolilliing the Fqrts and Fortifications in the Bay of Honduras in the West Indies, and other Places of the Territory of Spain in that Part of the World, pursuant to the 17th Article of the late Treaty of Peace, to 2d 1764

To M. G. Harvey, 286"’* additional Pay, as Adjutant General, to complete the same to the Pay of a Major General, to 24 th of December 1765 -

To Mr. Stuart, Executor to Lt. Col. Morgan, deebafed, to make good a Deficiency in the Allowance to the late Colonel ?n lieu of a Company ..... To Col. Morrison, Quarter Mailer General, for the Pay of his Two Deputies, froth 25th December 1764 to 24th December 1765 - -

To Major S‘ Leger, 183d* Pay, for superintending the Recruiting Service of the several Regiments serving abroad and at home, to 4th June 1766 To thb E. of Cornwallis, 23 id* Pay,

His Majesty, to 20th March 1766

To Lt/. Col. Robertson, 103d* Pay, as America, to 24 th December 1765-To M. G. Keppell, for his Trouble and Expence ih reviewing His Majesty’s Laild Forces during the Course of this Year -

To Ml G. the Earl of Pembroke, for D® Service To Ml G. Parjloio, for D° Service -

To Lt. Col. Christie, for 363d' Pay, as Deputy Qu* M' Gen* in N* America, to 24th December 1765 -

To Lt. Col. Robertson, z6od‘ Pay, aS D* in D®, to 10th September 1765 ....

To Col. John Campbell, for One Year’s Pay, as Commandant of the Island of Jersey’, ending 24th December 1765 To Capt. Ourry, to complete his Pay in the Royal American Regiment of Foot, froth 25th August 1763 to 29th Sepr '165 -

as Aid de Camp to Barra'ck Mf G1 m

20th Deer. To Sij Robert Rich, for the Difference of keeping in the 1 Hohfe 62 Horses of his Regihient of Dragoons, for 20

Weeks ih thd Summer 1765, at 2 7 fd. a Week' - -

1766. '

15th Janry. To Col. Hale, for D® of 48 Horses of Two Troops of his Regiment of Dragoon^, for D* in 13d, at;D® Rate 27th Febry. To Lieut. General Mofyn, for Dd of 90 Horses of the ill Regiment of Dragoon Guards, for in D® Summer, at D® Rate -

To Lieut. General IF aIdegffor D® of 107 Horses of the 2d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, for 20 weeks, and 79 Hotfes of the same Regiment, for 2 Weeks, in D® Summer, at D* Rate.....’

£. s. d. 45 10 —

*75 5

7 12 — 7 12 — 7 12 — 7 iz —

7 12 —

7 12 —

639 10 —

114 5

611-----

256 4 —

472 6 5

286 — —

100-----

182 I‘0 — -

160 2 6

126 11 6

105-----

912 TO ---

912 10 ---

912 10 —

182 10 —

13°-----

300-----

153 IO — ,

167 4 —

129 8 —

32 1 3

301 12 3

c

11,090

to

VOL. 31.

LI

129

s. d.

14 It



130

Dates of Warrants.

1766.

27th F

6° FebruariL

A. 1767.

1 ith M 29th.

S' d.

265 2 G

69 5 9

To Lieut. General Howard, for the Difference of keeping in the House 101 Horses of his Regiment of Dragoons, for 20 Weeks, in the Summer 1765, at 2 /{ d. a Week

To Colonel Burgoyne, for D° of 93 Horses of his Regiment of Dragoons, for 34d* in D° Summer, at D° Rate To Lt. Gl. Elliott, in Confidefation of the Expences incurred in Extra-feeding for the Horses, and Victualling and Necessaries for the Non-commifi\oned Officers and private Men of a Detachment of his Regiment of Dragoons, during the -Time they were employed in the Duty of the Royal Family, in the Year 1765 - - - - 300 -T-

To the Earl of Ancram, for the Difference of keeping in the House 186 Horses for 3 Weeks, and 66 Horses for 17 Weeks, of his Regiment of Dragoons, in the Summer 1765, at is. j{d.a Week - - _ - - - - 220 10 —

To Sir John Mordaunt^for P° of 186 Horses of his Dragoons,

for 1 Week, in D" Summer, at D® Rate ... Z4 8 3

27th Febry. To Mr. Trotter, for Camp Necessaries for 3 Independent C°' of Foot, ordered

to Africa f....

To Gi4‘ full Pay of an Augmentation to Majr General Reg* of

Foot, from 25th April 1766 to 24th June following, both inclusive, at £. 7. 7 s.Gd. a Day -

1765.

l6th/)ecmr.To Me.T" Fludyer, Drummond, and Franks, for victualling the Forces at

2d May. 29th Aug.

ladelphia, between 25th July 1765 and 24th August following To D°, for victualling D® in several Parts of America, upon Account - -....

1766.

7th Jamy. To D®, for victualling D° in the several Forts in the Upper Country of Montreal -

8th. To D®, for victualling the Balteau Men employed in transport-

ing Provisions for D* Forts....

29th. To D®, for victualling the Forces in D° Forts -

To D°, for victualling the Forces in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, and their Environs, between 24th August

1765 and 25th October following....

28th Feb. To D\ for victualling D® in the Province of New York, between 23d September 1765 and 13th December following 1 ith Apr. To D", for victuallingD® in between 25th August

1765 and 24th. November following -19th. To D®, for Provisions issued toD® in the Garrisons of Quebec wad Montreal, between 24th October 1765 and 25th December following -

To D®, for victualling the Batteau Men employed in trans-, porting Provisions to Ofvoego, for the Use of the Forces in the Upper Country; between 15th 1765 and 19th

December following -

16th May. To D®, for Provisions delivered for the Use of the Forces in the several Forts in the Upper Country -To D°, for Provisions issued to the Forces at Quebec, Montreal, and their Environs, between 24th December 1765 and 25th February 17 66 -

To D°, for victualling D® at New York and Albany, between 14th December 1765 and 10th of March 1766 10th July. To D®, for victualling D® at , between 25th No-

vember 1765 and 24th Mar. 1766, and for Provisions issued to the Troops at Lancaster ana Carlisle -jzt\\ August.To D®, for Provisions issued to the Forces at Quebec, Montreal, and their Environs, between 25th February 1766 and 24th

June following -....

To D®, for victualling the Forces in the Garrison of Trois Rivieres, between 24th July 1765 and nth June 1766, for victualling a Tribe of Indians within the said Time, and for 2,410/6. of Flour stolen out of one of the Storehouses -

1765.

16th Deer. To Chauncey Townsend, Esquire, fqr victualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia, between 5th August 1765 and

J>°75 —

1766.

29th September following

29th Jany. To D®, for victualling D®, between 30th September 1765 and 27th October following

2,207 7

3,022 5

369 1

6>j33 l7

1,615 5

OO 00 3

2,015 »4

I»534 14

287 4

>935 2

U398 5

399 6

I>5°7 *7

2,871 18

*54 10

3

5

11

5

5

671 r$ 7

293 *5 4

c *

1,499 14 — 287 6 —

449 T7 6

T*

7 Geo. III.

6° Februar

Dates of Warrants.

1766.

tith Apr,

15th.

18th June. 14th.

To Chauncey Totonfend, Esquire, for victualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia, be-tweeti 28th October 1765 and 24th November following -To D®, for victualling 227 Men, in Newfoundland, between 24th September 1765 and 23d March 1766 -

To D®, for victualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia, between 25 th November 1765 and 19th January 1766 -

To D°, for victualling D®, between 20th January 17 66 and 16th February follow-

To D®, for victualling D®, February 1766 and 16th ing ..

between 17 th March follow-

*3* 15 9

941 11 6

645 16

230 3 6

i83 5

11

I rtli Apr. To Mat. Woodford, Esquire, for victualling the Foifces in Annapolis Royal and Canso, between 18th 1766

and 27th October following -To MetP* Major and Heniker, for victualling the Forces in

10th Jan.

15th Mar.

2d June. 10th July.

2d June. 12th Aug. 14 th

West Florida To D°, for victualling D®, in D°

To D®, for victualling D®, in D® -

To D®, for victualling D®, in D®

To D®, for victualling D°, in D®

To D°, for 400 Barrels of Flour, purchased for the Forces in D® ..

To Mr. Codrington, for victualling the Forces rida, by way of Imprest and upon Account To D®, upon D* Account -

2,008

1,023

M03

1.766

790

12

M

2

3 7


4

5

10

280 — —

in West Flo-

1.500 -

1.500 -

19th Apr. 18th June.

24th Jany-nth febr9'

28 th. 19th Apr.

To MelP* Qumming and Mason, for victualling the Forces in East Florida, and the Garrison of Augustine, between 10th June 1765 and 29th September following; and also for Prov"' blued to the Out Polls of that Garrison for the same Time ----- frog 19 5

To D", for victualling D®, in D®, between 30th September 1765 and 2 2d December following; and for Provisions issued to the Out Polls for D® Time - 886 4 —

To D®, for victualling D®, between 23d December 1765 and 16th February 1766; and for Provisions blued to the Out Polls for the same Time -

871 6 4

To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for victualling the Forces in the Island of Tobago, between 9th Mar. 1765 and 30th

September following To D®, for victualling D®, in the Island of Dominica, between 30th June 1765 and 30th September following; and D®, in the Island of S‘ Vincents,between 30th June 1765 and

25th September following To D®, for victualling D®, in the Island of Grenada and Carricua, between ill April 1765 and 30th June following -To D®, for victualling D®, in the said Islands, between ill July and 30th September

*765....

4i5 7 9

- 1,311 18 7

697 16 —

756 16 8

3>*99 3 10

1,630 11 9

7,272 —

3,000-----

*>567 9 9

3,18119 — 1,500 —

59*857 — 7

16th May. To D® ContraClor, for victualling the Forces in Senegambia, by way of Imprest and upon Acco’ -

Deduct Mr. Toumfend's Proportion of the Vote for victualling the Forces in N° America, East and West Florida, ceded Islands, and Africa -

23d June. To Anthony Bacon, Esqr. for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops in the JJle of Man, to 6th Apr: 1766 ---

Vol. 31.

i7.ttt

2 6

4*»745

*>540

ija

Bates of Warrants.

Vath July.

26 th.

6° Februa

To Me^T" Fonnercau and Burrell, for One Farthing per Diem for each Man, in Addition to their Contract for the iNlcn victualled in the Garriljbn of Gibraltar, between ill November' 1764 and 3d March 1765, in Consideration of this high Price of Com, upon Account - - - 407

To D°,‘ for victualling D® Garril'on, from 4th March 1765 to 31st !of said Month, both inclusive, £.1,678.

11

andllfo £.91. 15s. 10 J d. for the additional Allowance of i pen Man per Dion, for the Persons victualled for the said Vime, upon Account - -

6th Aug' To D®. for victualling D% from id April 1765. to 26th ' Mayfollowing, both inclusive, £.3,310. 12 6d.

and^also £.181. if. for D’ Allowance, upon Account - -

23d Sepr- To D®, for victualling D®, from 27th May 1765 to 21st July following, both inclusive -

24th Oclor- To D% for victualling D% between 22(L July 1765. and 18th A ugujl following, both inclusive -

29th Novr‘ To D°, for victualling D% between 19th 1765 and

10th September following, both inclusive -16th DecTm To D®, for victualling DV between 1765, and

13 th October following - -

1766.

10th Jan?- To D®, for victualling D°, between. 14th October 1765 ' and 10th November following, both inclusive, upon Account - - - _ -

24th. To D°, for Insurance of Provisions issued to D®, between 17th September 1764 and 15th 1765, both inclusive, upon Account - -

15th Mar. To D®, for victualling D% between nth November 1765 and 5th January 1766, both inclusive, upon D® nth April. To D°, for victualling D®, between 6th January 1766 and 2d February following, both inclusive,. upon D®

25th. To D®, for. victualling D®, between 3d February 17 66and 2d March following, both inclusive, upon D®

24th June. To D®, for victualling D®, between 3d March 1766 and 30th of the same M011 tig both inclusive, upon D° -16th July. To D°, for victualling D*,. between 31st Mar. 1766 and 25th Mayt following, both inclusive, upon D® -

Mr. TownJhencTs Proportion of the Sum voted for victualling the Forces at Gibraltar, to 24th December 1765 ----- 9,645 M 6

Ditto’s! D% to 24th June 17 66- - - 9,593 — 4

i>77° 5 9

3>49i 13 6

3»5i4 15 2

1,772 1 10

1,768 10 4

1,769 1 7

i.771 7 —

1765.

344 8 n

3,566 16 7

1.790 8 9

1,787 . 9 8

1.790 17 2

3,644 14 8

29,189 11 10

19,238 14 10

i6th.Z)«f* To Mr, Clements, for so much, advanced by him to the Officers of the 2d Regiment of Foot, in Aid. of their Expence in providing Tents, upon their landing in the Ijle of'Man ——

17 66.

15th Jany- To Mr. Myddlclon, for i7d‘ Pay of the Militia, from 25th

December 1762 to 10th January 1763, the Day of its being disembodied, both inclusive -

31. To Capti Hoddinett, Qur M* to the Coldflream Reg* of Foot Guards, for Disbursements made by him, for the said Reg*, from 25th 1764

to 24th December 1765 ——

To Mr. Calcraft, late Agent to the 12 Independent C"* of Foot lately employed in the East Indies, to be by. him paid to the several Officers of the said C®*, according to the respective Claims for their Arrears, from 25th December 1 jig,to 24th May 1750 -

To Mr. Kennion, for the Balance due to him for furnishing the Army at the Hauauuawith Provisions, Sfc, - -

7 th Feb*- To Mr. Meyrick, for Ba s, Baggage, and Forage, for the Officers of a Detachment of the 66th Reg* of Foot, in Consideration of the said Detachment being, ordered.to embark on board the Fleet under the Command of Sir JVm.Burnaby, Rationed in the West Indies, in 1765 -

7th Feb*' To Mr. Fitter, for Bas, Baggage, and Forage, for the Officers of a Detachment of the 36th Regiment of Foot, in Consideration of the said Detachment being ordered to embark on., board the Fleet-under the Command of Sir Wnu Burnaby, fiationed in the West Indies, in the Year 1765 zyth. To Mr, Adairi Infjpe&or General of the Hospitals in G* Britain and N° ricafor the Use of the said Hospitals, upon Account -

20

A. 1767.

£ s. (

9,950 17 —

163 2 6

75 i2 6 266 .16 9

480 13 8

9>°25 *7

152 10

190-----

500 — ZT T#

6a FebruafiL

7 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

T 766.

27th Febry.To Mr. Rice, Sun'eyor at the Horse Otiards, <0 be by him paid over to feve-

ral Artificers, for Work done by them at the Till Scotland

Somerset House, St. James's, Whitehall, and Hampton Court

To Mr. Trotter, for 150 Sets of Beddirtg, provided by him for the Hospital in the Island of Grenada -10th Mar. To Lieut. Speer, for his Charges and Expences in going* in the Year 1763, with a Flag of Truce, to Fort St. Fernando de Omoa, to demand, in His Majesty’s Name, Satisfaction and Reparation for Captures made by the Spaniards, after the Cessation of Hostilitjes was agreed upon -

21ft. To Capt. Fleming and Lieut. Dunn, in Compensation of the Losses they sustained by the blowing up of Fort Augustus, in the Wand of Jamaica To Lieut. Fowkr, in Compensation of D% fullained by him by the blowing up of D°. - - . - - - . -

25th. To Lieut. Campbell, in Compensation for the Lodes he fullained by the dreadful Fire which happened at Goree....

25th Apr. To Mr. Vardy, (Executor to JohnVardy, deceased, late Surveyor of the Horse

Guards) to be by him paid over to several Artificers, for Work done by them, at the Tilt Yard, Scotland Yard, Somerset House, St., James’s, Whitehall, Kensington, and Hampton Court r - -

To Lieut. Col. Morrfon, Deputy Quarter Matter General, for travelling Charges, Stationary Ware, Sc. from 25 th September 1764 to 25th September 1765 -

26th. To Col. Pitt, for the Marches of the Dpr/etshire Militia, from 25th December 1761 to 24th December 1762 ——

ad May. To M. G. Harvey, for contingent Expences, as Adjutant General, for One Year, ending 25th December 1765 - - - - -To Major Ogilvie, for his Trouble and Expence during the Tiihe he super-intended and commanded the Troops ordered to take Possession of the Garrison of St. Augustine -

29th. To Mr. Trotter, for fumishing 300 Sets of Hospital Bedding, for the Use of the Forces at Grenada -

t oth June. To the Representatives of the late Robert Forbes, for the Balance of his Account, for Money due to him for Bread, supplied to the Forces in the Garrison of Minorca, in the Year 1764 -

To the Representatives of John Gore, Esquire, deceased, for victualling 150 Men in the island of New Providence, for One Year, ending 5th January

1764 ——

nth. To Mr. Ross, to be by him paid over to the several Regiments from which Drafts were made to augment M. G. Toovey’s Foot, being for 186 private Men, at £.5 a Day each, for Levy Money -

18th. To Meffr* Amyand, Firewood, and Tierney, in foil Satisfaction of the Charges paid by them, upon a general Average, which arose on the Ship on her intended Voyage from London to Lisbon, laden with Corn for the Forces there, the Ship having been freighted for His Majesty’s Service, by Order of the Lords of the Treasury -

To Col. James Grant, Gov* of the Province of East Florida, for the Purchase and keeping up of a Schooner, for the Service of the said Province, for

One Year, ending 29th August 1766.....-

19th. To Lieut. Col. Dahymple, late Gov* of Guadaloupe, in full Satisfaction for Money loft by him, in indorsing a Bill of Exchange -

To Horatio Sharpe, Esquire, Gov* of the Province of Maryland, for Monies, disbursed by him, in the Years 1755, 1756,1757, 1758, and 59, in travelling from that Province to the Province of New York and Philadelphia to attend the Generals commanding in those Parts, and in other Services relating to the Forces there ——

20th. To Major St. Leger, appointed to superiutend the Recruiting Service of the Reg* abroad, his Disbursements for Stationary Ware, Poltage, Sc.

25th. To Mr. Adair, Inspector General of the Hospitals in Great Britain and America, for the Use of the said Hospitals, upon Account - -

30th. To Mr. Trotter, for Barrack Furniture provided by him, for the Use of the

Forces at Cajtle-town, in the JJle of Man - ....

1 oth July. To M. G. Lambart, to reimburse him so much loll by taking up Money for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces in the Ittand of Minorca -17th. To Mr. Gamier, for Drugs, Medicipes, Surgeons Instruments, and other Materials provided by him, for the Forces in Africa, St. and the ceded Wands, in the Years 1765 and 1766 - -

To Mr. Tongue, to make good unto him the Damage he fullained by the Wreck of the Sloop Reaver, in the Bay of Fundy, and for the Loss of his Baggage aboard the said Sloop, upon his intended Passage on the public Service, from Annapolis Royal to Fort Cumberland in the said Bay

18th. To Mr. Forbes, for his Trouble and Expence during the Time he superintended and commanded the Troops ordered to take Possession of the Garrison of Pensacola, in the Province of Florida -

Vol. 31. Mm

U3

£ i.

i>*47 1 .7 283 14 2

317 4 8 175 i* " 135 18 6 335 6 6

5*5 15 5

318 18 10

412 id 6 384 10 1

187 9 -

563 *6 9

1*423 8 jo

456 5 —

930-----

113 9 3

315

135 4.6

479 *7 "* n6 7 2

500 — —

58 1

85 8 7 1,718 12 3

728 — —

134 12 6 To

*34

Date* of

Warrants.-

1766.

18 th July.

26th.

29th.

29th

6° Februar.

A. 1767.

To Sir John Prideaux, Bart, for 5'*’ Bay of the Second B" of the

Militia, from 25th December 1762 to 29th of the same Month, the Day of its being disembodied ——

To Lt. Col. Oswald, for Buff Accoutrements and Waistcoats, furnished by him, for the Six Indep* Co* incorporated into the 103d Regt. of Foot To Col. Hale, for Two Bas Horses, for the Two Troops of his Regiment of Dragoons, that were ordered to the Isle of Man - -

To D°, for the Balance of his Account of Contingences, as Secretary to Lord Albemarle, Commander in Chief upon the Expedition against the

Havannah -

To Mr. Carteton, for freighting Two Ships, and transporting from the JJle of

Man to Drogheda, Two Troops of Col. Hale's Dragoons, with their Baggage and Families -

To Mr. Campbell, Agent to the Colony of Georgia, in discharge of Wages and Provisions, and other incidental Expences, for a Scout Boat employed in transporting Detachments of the Forces to such Parts of the Colony of Georgia, as Occasion required, from 28th May 1765' to 27 th May 1766 -

To Lieut. Dalway, in Compensation for the Losses he sustained, by the blowing up of a Magazine at Fort Augvjla, in the Island of Jamaica To Major General Parjlow, on account of Levy Money for an Augmentation to his Regiment of Foot.....-

£ s. d. 89 5 10

684 14 — 20-----

C78 6 —

235 5 5

355 5 6

32 10 —

930-----

217,924 17 10

Pay Office, Horse Guards, 6th February 1767.

Barrington.

An ACCOUNT of extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Lord A and George Cooke, Esquire, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 21 ft of August 1766 to the 3d of February 1767, and not provided for by Parliament.

Dates of Warrants.

1766.

October 10. To Colonel Wm Fawcitt,92*' Pay, at £. 5 a Day, as Commissary for settling the Account^ of the Prisoners of War of the Allied Army in Germany, to the 18 th of September 1766 - - - 460-----

1767.

Janry. 16. To D®, 91* D°, at D" Rate, as D°, to the

18th of December 1766 - - - - 455 — —

1766. -

October 31. To Mr. Wt'ft,late Secretary to the Commissioners appointed to examine and state the foreign Accounts of the late War in Gennany, 183d* Pay, to the 18th 1766, the fame

being as a Reward for the Trouble he has had in several necessary Matters and Things relative to the said Accounts, since the Determination of the above-mentioned Commissioners Appointment -

Novr.28. To Mr. Conron, for so much due to him, on account of Arms and Gunpowder which he supplied to the late Combined Army in Germany -

Augt. 25. To Major General Gage, Commander in Chief of the Forces in 'North America, in discharge of Bills of Exchange drawn by him for the Use and Supply of the said Forces, upon Account - - - - 7,6x5 3 11

d.

9l5-----

228 15 —

C47 17 10

d.

1,791 ia 10

To


7 Geo. III. 6° Februarii.

Dates of Warrants.

.1 766.

Septr. 24.To D®, in discharge of D®, drawn by D® for

I)® Service, upon Account ... 1,972 9 — 1

OAober^o. To D®, in discharge of D®, drawn by D® - 5,363 4 n

Novr. 28. To I)°, in discharge of D®, drawn by D® - 13,482 2 9

Deer. 19. To D®, in discharge of D®, drawn by D® - 4,072 12 9

Aug25. To Brigadier General Min discharge of Bills of Ex*

change, drawn by him for the Use and Supply of the Forces serving in Quebec,upon Account - - 2,521 17 1

Septr. 24. To D®, in discharge of D®, drawn by D®

for D® Service, upon D® - I»°97 *5 5

October30. To D®, in discharge of D®, drawn by D®

for D® Service, upon D" - - - 667 9 7

Novr. 28. To D®, in discharge of D®, drawn by D*

for D® Service, upon D® - 200 ——

Deer. 19. To D®, in discharge of D®, drawn by D®,

for D® Service, upon D° - - 120 7 11

October 1. To Roger Hope Ellitfon, Esquire, in discharge of a Bill of Exchange, drawn by him for the Use and Supply of the Forces at Jamaica, upon Account -Augt. 25. To Frederick Bridges Schaw, Esquire, in discharge of Bills, drawn by him for D® Sendee, at D®, - 1,637 9 10

Septr. 24. To D®, in discharge of D®, drawn by D®

for D® Service, upon D® 560-----

Augt. 25. To Gervas Remington, Esquire, in discharge of D®, drawn

by him for D® Service, at D®, on Account

To Robert Farmar, Esquire, in discharge of D®, drawn by him for the Use and Supply of the Forces serving at upon D® ----- 559 5 2

Septr. 24. To D®, in discharge of D®, drawn by D®

for D° Service, upon D® - - 1,542 1 5

October 30. To D®, in discharge of D®, drawn by D®

for D® Service, upon D° - - - - 91625

Nov. 28. To D®, in discharge of D®, drawn by D°

for D® Service, upon D® - 968 3 3

Augt. 25. To Robert Melville; Esquire, in discharge of D®, drawn by him for the Use and Supply of the Forces serving in

Grenada and the Grenadines - - - 1,500-----

Septr. 24. To D®, ‘ in discharge of D", drawn by D°

for D® Service, upon Account - - 400-----

Deer. ig. To D®. in discharge of D®, drawn by D®

for D® Service, upon D® - - - 2,600-----

Novr. 28. To Eyre MaJJiy, Esquire, in discharge of a Bill of Exchange, drawn by him for the Use and Supply of the Forces

at Montreal, upon Account - - - 500-----

Deer. 19. To D®, in discharge of D°, drawn by D®

for D® Service, upon D® - - - 500-----

Novr. 28. To James Pringle, Esquire, in discharge of a Bill of Exchange, drawn by him for the Use and Supply of the Forces at IjmiJbourg, upon Account -Augt. 25. To George JohnJtone, Esquire, in discharge of D®, drawn by him for the Use and Supply of the Forces at West Florida, upon D® - - - 146134

Septr. 24. To D®, in discharge of D®, drawn by D®

for D® Service, upon D" - - - 4 76 64

Novr. 28. To D®, in discharge of D®, drawn by D®

for D" Service, upon D® - - - 945 1 4

To William Tayler, Esquire, in discharge of a Bill of Exchange, drawn by him for the Use of the Forces serving in East Florida, upon Account -

October 1. To Major General Irwin, in discharge of D®, drawn by him for the contingent Services of the Garrison of Gibraltar - - - - 996 18 8

To D®, in discharge of D®, drawn by D®

for D' Service.....1,365 — 1 —

Vol. 31.

s. d.

3i»5°5 *3 4

4,607 10 —

674 15 9

2,137 9 10

2,602 10 1

3>9S5 i* 3

4,500-----

1,000 — —

1,062 19 5

,568 1

3°o — —

2,361 18 8

1

i3S

57,306 10 4 To

4. vj6j.

O

136 6° Februariu

Date* of Warrants.

1700.

Novr. \z. To John Wemyfs, Esquire, Lieut. Governor of Edinburgh £.

Castle, for Coals and Candles provided by him for the Use of the Forces in that Garrison, from the ill of July 17 66to the zad of September following - - x 55 4 —

24. To D®, for D° provided by him for the Use of the Forces there, from ill of April 1766 to 30th June following - - - 146 8

----- 301 12

Deer. 22. To Lieut. Governor Singleton, Lieut. Governor of Landguard

Fort, for D° provided by him for the Use of the Forces there, from 25th December 1765 to 24th June 1766..... -

Novr-. 12. To the Earl otWaldegrave, for the Difference of keeping in the House 23 Horses for 140'*', and 162 Horses for 6*, of the 2d Reg* of Dragoon Guards, in the Summer 1766, at

4 Id.per Day for each Horse....

To Lieut. General Howard, for D® in keeping in the House 186 D® of his Reg1 of Dragoons, for 14% in D® Summer, at D® Rate -

To Col. Burgoyne, for D® in keeping in the House 186 D® of his Regiment of Dragoons, for 140'*, in D® Summer, at D® Rate -

21. To Lieut. General Mojlyn, for D® in keeping in the House 23 Horses of the ift Regiment of Dragoon Guards, for 140*, in D® Summer, at D® Rate -To the Duke of Argyll, for D® in keeping in the House 102 D® for 40'" and 84 D® for 9d‘, of his Regiment of Dragoons, in D® Summer, at D® Rate -

24. To Lieut. General Sir John Mordaunt, for D® in keeping in the House 186 D® of his Regiment of Dragoons for 7d% in D® Summer, at D® Rate -Deer. 21. To the Earl of Pembroke, for D® in keeping in the House 127 D® for i26d‘, and 186 Horses for i4ds of his Regiment of Dragoons, in D® Summer, at D® Rate -

78 12 —

48 16 6

4S8 5 —

60 7 6

281 18 6

24 8 3

354 7 3

August 29. To Major General GanfeU, to make good the deficient Offreckonings of his Regiment of Foot, from the 29th March 1765 to the 5th of July following ‘

Novr. 2j. To Lieut. Col. Monson, in lieu of 193d' Off-reckonings of Companies of his Regiment of Foot - 636 19 8

To D®, in lieu of 34od* D® of 3 Companies

of D®.....834 13 4

To D®, in lieu of 352d* D® of 2 Companies of D®.....576 1 8

To Col. Coote, in lieu of i82d* D* of his Regiment of Foot -To Col. Draper, in lieu of i82d*D® of his D® -To Lieut. Col. Morris, in lieu of 193d® D® of his D®

To Major General Toovey, in lieu of D® of an Augmentation to his Regiment of Foot ----- To Major General Parjlow, in lieu of 23id* D® of D® of his D® -.....- - -

3°° 7 7

2,047 *4 8

i>3°5 4 9 1,19b 15 9

1*039 7 4

260 11 11

354 4 1

Sept. 20. To Capt. Hoyes, to replace 2 Horses loft by him on Service

in Portugal - -- 33 8 —

Novr. 12. To Mr. Kidgell, to be by him paid over to sundry Officers of the late 75th, 83d, and 91st Regiments of Foot, for Horses loft by them on Service in Portugal - - - 30510 —

To Mr. Oldham, to be by him paid over to sundry Officers of Regiments, who served in Germany and in Portugal, for Horses and Mules loft by them upon Service - - - 199 9 -

To 183d* full Pay of an Augmentation to Major General Toovey's Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1766 to 24 th December following, both inclusive, at £. 7. 7 6d.

a Day - - - 1,349 12 6

To 183d* D® of a D® to Major General Parjlow's D®, from D® to D®, at D® Rate - - - - 1,349 12 6

To 153d* D* of Lieut. Col. O'Hara's Corps, from 25th July

1706 to D®, at £.11. &s. 6d. a. Day - - - 1,748 — 6

4,447 5 6

£ r. dL

423 3 10

1,3 36 »5

6,504 2 1

538 7 —

To

t





7 Geo. III. 6° Februarii.

Dates of Warrants.

17 66*

Towards Which njay be applied; £.

153d* full Pay of Lt. Col. Pierson's, Captains and Wane's Independent Companies, from 15th July 1766, to 24th December following, both inclusive ,at £.3. i6r. 2 d.a Day each Company - 1*748 — 6

To Mr. Gnigaier, 183d* Pay, as Commissary for the Exchange of French Prisoners of War, to 24th December 1766 - - - 91 10 —

To D°, 183d*additional D® as D®, to D®Time 91 to —

To Major Rooke, 183d* Allowance as Major to the late 98th Regiment of Foot to D° - - ’ -

August 29. To Lt. Richard. Campbell, i84d* Pay, as Quartet Matter

to the 2d Regiment of Foot, to 24th December 1765 -To Lt. General Napier, late Adjutant General, 153d* Pay, to 24th November 1766 -To Major Ackland, 153d’ Pay, in lieu of a Company in his Regiment of Invalids, to D® - -

Decembr 22. To Major St. Leger,i34d* Pay, as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, to 5th December 1767

*83-----

*37 5 —

42 18 8

*53-----

76 10 —

t6i -

October 10.

Novemb. 18.

18.

7anry7‘i€.

17 66

August 21.

October 10. DecembT 19.

Novembrz8. August 23.

October 6. Novemb. 4.

October 10.

To Fin dyer. Drummond, and for vi6hialling

the Forces in the Garrison of Rivieres, and the severalOut Ports depending thereon, between the 27th June 1766 and 9th of August following 1,220 8 a To D% for victualling D® in the

Department, between 25th March 1766 and 24th June following - - 2,024 — 9

To D°, for victualling D® at New York, Albany, South Carolina, and Georgia, between 25th October 1765 and nth July 1766 ----- 2,480 9 4

To D®, for victualling D° at Quebec, Montreal, and their Environs, between 25th

June 1766 and 24th of Augtififollowing 1,346 14 5

To D°, for Provisions delivered to the

Forces at Crown Point - - 347 2 —

To D°, for victualling the Forces at Nero York, between 12th July 1766 and 30th of September following - - -1,777 xi 9

To Chavncy Town fend, Esquire, for victualling the Forces in Nova Scotia, between 17 th Afarc/i 1766 and 8th June following ----- 973' 15 11

To D°, for the Balance of an Account due to him for victualling the Forces at St.

John's, Newfoundland, between 25th.De-

cember 1752 and 25th December 1760 - 640 10 6

To MelP* Major and Henniker, for in West Florida -

To D®, for victualling D® in D®

To D®, for victualling D° in D®

To D®, for victualling D® in D®

victualling the Forces

- 782 — 4

- 2,092 8 —

- ».i55 3 5

- 960 10 3

To Meff" Camming and Majbn, for victualling D° in East Florida -

To Anth.Bacon, Esquire, for victualling D® in the Islands of Tobago, Dominica, and St. between the iftof

October 1765 and the 31st of March 1766 1,578 5 4

To D®, for victualling D®, to 30th June 1766 2,443 14 — To D°, by way of Imprest, and upon Account - - - - 8,000-----

To Mat there Woodford, Esquire, for victualling the Forces in the-Garrisons of Annapolis Royal and Canso, between

the 28th October 1765 and the nth of May 1766

9,196 6 5

1,614 6 5

4,990 2 —

843 *5 7

12,021 17 4

911 S 4

Voi.. 31.

Nn

L

2,699

753

i37

s. d.

To

138 6

Dates of

Warrants.

1766.

Novemb. 28. To A nth. Bacon, Esquire, for victualling the Forces at Senegal, between the 16th April 1766, and 24th of August following - 1,090 17 11

30,668 9 —

Deduct

Lord North's and Mr. Cooke's Proportion of the Vote for victualling the Forces in North America, East and West Florida, the ceded Islands, and Africa ..... 17,205 t 11

0(3. 24. To Anth. Bacon, Esquire, for Provisions delivered to the Forces

in the Ijle of Man, to 29th March 1766 - -

Noxf. iS. To the Reprefen tat ives of Sir George A my and, Bart, deceased, and Nicholas Linwood, Esquire, for Provisions feut to Minorca, on Account ----- «,oooo-----

1767.

Janry. 16. To D% for D" Service, upon Account - 3,800 — —

1766.

Aug. 24. To Mr. Cleaver, for Freight and Insurance of Invalid Clothing sent to sundry Garrisons -

29. To Capt. Paul, to reimburse him the like Sum by him advanced to Seven

Surgeons Mates of the 4th Regiment of Foot -

SepC. 26. To the Marquis of Tavistock, for Disbursements on account of the -

/hire Militia -

To Mr. Meyrick, for Monies advanced by him to the Field Officers and Captains of the 80th Regiment of Foot, on account of the Recruiting Service of that Regiment - - - - t -

OcT. i.To Capt. Robert Hodgson, in full for his Disbursements in going with a Detachment-of the 49th Regiment of Foot from Jamaica to the Musquito Shore ——

30. To Capt. Hill, late Commandant of Fort Amherst, in the I (land, of S‘ John's,

for his Expences in cutting Wood and providing Hay for the Cattle, and other extraordinary Charges -

Notf. 7. To Med" Fisher and Pearfe, for Freight and Insurance of Invalid Clothing sent to sundry Garrisons - ....

11. To Robert Gardener, Esquire, for Monies disbursed by him for the Expences in the Encampments, and for Necessaries for the Use of the Forces in North Britain, conformable to Orders of the Marquis of Lorn -To Major General Clavering, for Accoutrements provided by him for the 5id Regiment of Foot under his Command - -

*8. To Robert Adair, Esquire, Inspector of the Hospitals in Great Britain and America, by way of Imprest, and upon Account -To Mr. Courtnay, Commis. of Stores at Minorca, for Expences incurred by him in the Delivery of Beef to the Forces there -

Detf. 12. To Major S‘. Leger, for contingent Disbursements in the superintending the Recruiting Service, to 5th December 1766 -

22. To Isaac Barre, Esquire, for Levy Money and Clothing of 35 Supernumerary Men of his Battalion of Foot, and for sundry other Charges for the Service of the said Battalion ——

1767.

Jamy. 23. To Philip Payne, for the Hire of Three Vessels employed in North America in the Year 1762..... - - - r

Total - r-

Pay Office, Horse Guards,

6th February 1767.

Barrington.

A, 1767.

£ *. 4

«5>43 6 t

3^7 6 —

6,800 -

l87 5 7 *99 7 — 229 4 5

4f'9 8 10

224 9 7

274 12 — 168 14 3

2,091 10 7

129 8 —

1,000-----

*53 17 *47 7

494 19 9

98 12 6

97,992 18 7

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Highway*; Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to revise Amending and consider of the General Laws, relating to the Public Laws. Highways and Turnpike Roads, in that Part of Great Britain called England;and to report their Opinion to the House thereupon, ami also coneerniifg any Alterations, Amendments, or Repeal, of the fame, which they may thiiik necessary, towards the making of more

effectual Provisions for amending and preserving the said Highways and Roads:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Bacon, Lord Coleraine, Sir Charles Mr. Par-

ker, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Tmonjhend, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Dy-son. Lord Strange, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Foley, Mr. Morton,

Mr. Stanley, Sir Roger Newdiga Mr. Pitt, Mr.

cott, Mr. Fane, Mr. Fitller, Lord , Sir

Bayntun, Mr. Dowdeftcell, Sir John Wynn, Mr.

Mr. Onjlqtv, Mr. Wynn, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr.

Pennant,

Ban km r

Ditto.

Eat India Company.

Hand rot’s

Nat.

Mattishall

Inciosure.

7 Geo. III.

6° — 90 Febfuariu

J39

Pennant, Mr. Sulk a n, Mr. Cooke', Lord Clare, Mr.

Yorke, Sir G>o. Cokbrooke, Mr. Gro/benor, Mr. Nor-

t/uy.Sir Thom ax Cave, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Grey, Lord

Catherlough, Mr. //err ey, Mr. Whittnorth, Sir Francis

Vincent, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Seymour, Lord Cary fort, Mr. Robhfon, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Alderman Bedford, Air . Sandys, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. General Mr. Mr. Mr.

Garth, Mr. Fane, Mr. llcicett, Mr. Southwell; and all loughby, Mr. Sir Richard

the Gentlemen of the Lon gKobe: And they are to Philipps, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Kynaston,

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from the West End of Thames Street, in the City of over

Botley Catfeway, to the Turnpike Road near Fifield, in the County of Berks, was read a Second Time.

Rcfokoed, That the Bill he committed to Sir Roger Newdigale, Mr. Holt, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr.

Oxford,

over

Botley

Causeway,

Road.

meet this Afternoon, at Live Of Speaker's Chamber; and all who Voices.

A

the Clock,- in the come are to have

IV; i: i r, of the underwritten Merchants, Bankers,

1. t.u. !>, Scriveners, and Brokers, of the City of London, v i; pivfeoled to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the more* equal and effectual Distribution of the Kb at and Ktieris of Merchants, Bankers, Traders,

Scriveners, Eat ors, and Brokers deceased; and for the belter Security of the Estatesaud Effects of iueh Persons do'eribed as aforesaid, becoming Bankrupts in their Lifetimes; and letting forth. That the Petitioners; have of Vu experienced the Want of, and have greatly wished for, some such Law, so necessary in a commercial Nation: And therefore, praying, that a Bill for such bene- rate of the Chapel of Saint Hilds, in the said County,

Mr. Ridley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Sandys, Lord lough, Mr. Blackstone, Lord Strange, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ofivald, Sir Geo. Annitage, Mr. Hewett, Mr. LafccUes, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Smith, Sir Robert broke, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Grey, Sir Edmund lsham, Mr. Touche/, Lord Broumloto Bertie; and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Gloucejtcr, Worcester, Rucks, Wilts, Warwick, Rerks, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for vesting in the Dean and Chapter of Durham, a certain Piece of Ground, adjoining to the Town of South Shields, in the County Palatine of Durham,

and for making an adequate Compensation to the Cu-

Shield*

Market

and

Pain.

licial Purposes may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

and his Successors, for the fame; and to enable the said Dean and Chapter to remove the Fairs and Market out of the said Town of South Shields, and cause the feme to be held on the said Piece of Ground; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vane, Mr. Harris, Sir Charles MMr. Gray, Mr. Townshend, Mf. Lascelles, Mr. Mr. Drake, Sir

A Bill for the more equal and effectual Distribution of the Estates and Effects of Merchants, Bankers, Traders, Scriveners, Factors, or Brokers, deceased; and for the better Security of the Estates and Effects of such , . , _ ,

Persons, described as aforesaid, becoming Bankrupts Ladbroke, Mr. Mr.

in their Lifetimes; was read a Second Time. Mr. Lototides, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Edmund

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Jsham, Lord Adam Gordon, Mr. Montagu, Mr-

Rr/blved, T*mtthe Bill be committed tp a Committee Lord-ft/ange.M r. Wynn, Sir Captain

of the whole House. , Elliott, Mr. Knight, Mr Touchet, Mr, Fitzmaurice, Xjoni

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Fort- Cary fort. Lord Grey, Mr. Ridley, Mr. By de, Mr. night, the 24th Day of this Inllant February, resolve Mr. Bindley, Mr. Holt, Mr. Mr. Rajhleigh,

itself into a Committee of the whole House, uppn jthe Mr. Brand, Sir William Meredith, Sir Smith, Mr.

Mr. Bootle, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Sir Walter Bagot; and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancaster, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read}

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to inquire into the State and Condition of the Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

East India Company.. t ,; Y

1 A BUI for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Martin,

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mom- w ithin the City of was read aSecond Time.

it* />i 1' ' U1 r* f 11 rfU , . 1 _ Wfl t _ ‘_'‘x 1 11 JT _ If_

ing next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunay9 die;

Anno 70 Georgii III"' Regis, 1767. Prayers.

SIR Jarrit Smith reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Samuel Mandrot, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. De Grey presented to the House, according to

Resolved, Yhat the Bill be committedtoMr.Kynaston, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Waljh, Mr. ‘Shiftier»Lord Brozonlow Bertie, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Knight-, Mr. Sir

George Yonge, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Cho/mley, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Bootle, Sir House

Cotton, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Sir Walter Ba-

got, Sir John Gibbons, Sir Charles , Mr. Southwell, Mr. Whitxoorth, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Byde, Mr. Wood, Mr. Fuller, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Harris, Mr. Grey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worrefer, Gloucester, Hereford, Stafford, and Salop t and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable Richard Bermet, Esquire, and his Issue, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Coffin, pursuant to the Will of Coffin, Esquire,

deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys,

Martin's

Church,

Worcester.

Sennet's

Name,

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons Mr. Fane, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Shiffner,

and Wafie Grounds intheParish of Mattishall, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Yet; 31,

Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Knight, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Grey, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Paterson, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Byde, Mr. Gascoyne, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Bagot, Mr.

Mr.

Itching

River

Navigation*

Ditto.

140

6° Februarii.

A.

Mr. Rafileigh, Sir John ffy Mr.

Mr. Cooke, Lord Grey, Sir John Gibbons. Mr,

stone, Mr. Wood, Mr. Touchet, Sir Edmund Mr. Fane, Mr. Walter; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, and Somerfel: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Live of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

'767-

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the ' Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Winchester, and of the principal Inha-

bitants of the said City, and of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, and Tradesmen, liv ing in the County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, approved Men, and Burgestes, of the Borough of Andover; and of the princi- The Lord presented to tire House, according

pal Inhabitants of the said Borough: and of the Gen- to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several tjemen, Freeholders, Merchants, and Tradesmen, living Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the said County of Southampton,whose Names are within the Parish of Gluey, in the County^ of Bucks:

Olnty

Inclosure.

thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiff, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton; and of the Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the said Borough, whose Names are thereunto according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening

subscribed; -

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to explain an Act made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of King Charles the Second, fqr making divers Rivers navigable, or otlienvife pafiable, for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels,

And the same was received , and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Earl of Catherlough presented to the House, Spemal Alh,

~ - '

the Road from Spemal Ash, in the County of K‘0ld* through Studley, to a Street called Digbeth, in the

Town of Birmingham: And the same was received; and read the FirltTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the underwritten Merchants, Factors, Bankrupt*. Manufacturers, and other Traders, of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of presented

with respect to the Navigation of the River to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for hching, running from Alretford, through Win- the more equal and effectual Distribution of the Estates chester, and the River Tojl, running through and Effects of Merchants, Bankers, Traders, Scriveners, Stackbridge undRumfey, navigable from the said Factors, and Brokers, deceased; and for the better Se-several Places, respectively, to the Sea, near curity of the Estates and' Effects of such Persons de-Southamplon; and complaining of the Methods feribed as. aforesaid, becoming Bankrupts in their Life-whereby the said Navigation is now managed, times; and setting forth, that the Petitioners are not and of the Deficiency of the said, Act tq answer only persuaded of the Propriety thereof, but also ap-^he Purposes thereby intended; and that these prebend the great Want and Importance of such a Petitioners have, from Experience,' found great I-aw, so essential to the Growth and Stability of Com-lyjfs and prejudice arise from the Manner of merce: And therefore praying, That the said Bill,

rntinorvino ilvn (di/l Morifrolmn . Vtfiflv fivr»Vi Alfortifimitf nn/T AmonrliViAnfo flmll

managing and condufting the said Navigation; and apprehend the said Act' greatly deficient to effect the Purposes for which it was intended; and that the Difficulties the Petitioners and Others labour under, through the Defects thereof, cannot be removed, unlqfs the said Act is

with' such Alterations and Amendments as shall seem fit, may pnfs into a Law.

OndtfrcifjThat the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare ah Enimate of the varied and explained, and better Regulations Charge of the’Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that and Provisions made for rendering the said Na- Part of Great Britain ’died England, and the Amount vigation serviceable and beneficial: And there- of 28 Days Sublxiience for the Commission Officers of fore praying, That, a Bill may be brought in, the said Militia, under the Rank of Major, for One to effect the Purposes mentioned, in the said Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1767; that Petition, as the Petitioners apprehend it will the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly; be of, general Benefit to the Country, hud which they had directed him to report to the House; greatty tend to promote Trade, and reduce the and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Price of such Necessaries of Life, and Materials delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same for t^e Manufacturers, as may ,be conyeyed by was read , and is as followeth; viz.

Mean§ of Aiqh Navigation.

Militia Pay and Clothing

\ . ,s,: v

ESTIMATE

7 Geo. III. 6° Februarii. 141

ESTIM ATE of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England , and of the Amount of 28 Days Subsistence for the Commission Officers of the said Militia, under the Rank of Major, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1767.

&3»

r


t

k

IkC;

1


Pay to 30,840 Private Men, at i s. each, 28 Days -----?

Ditto to 70 Adjutants, at 6 s.a Day each ——

Ditto to 1,542 Serjeants, at 1 s.a Day each -

Ditto to 1,200 Drummers, at 6d.a Day each -

For additional Pay to 30,840 private Men, forgoing to the Place of Exercise and returning, calculated upon an Average of Days Pay each Man - -

Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at is. 6d. a. Week each - -

Ditto to 70 Drum Majors, at 6 d.a Day each - .

Ditto to 1,542 Corporals, at 6d. a Day each, 28 Days - ....

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at £. 50 a Year each -

Allowances to Clerks, of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at ... Ditto to each Regiment, Battalion, and independent Company, for contingent Expences, at the Rate of 6d. per Month for each private Man and Drummer ....

Clothing for 30,840 private Men, et£, 1. ior. each....

Ditto for 1,542 Serjeants, at £.3. 10s. each....

Ditto for 1,200 Drummers, at £.z.each - -

For additional Pay for Clothing 54 Serjeant Majors and 55 Drum Majors, at £. 1 each

Subsistence to 498 Captains, at y s. 6d. per Day, for 28 Days -

Subfiitence to 561 Lieutenants, including Two Lieutenants to Grenadier Companies, at 3*. 6d.

each, for 28 Days ——

Ditto to 435 Ensigns, at 3*. each, for 28 Days - - - . -

43*176-----

7,665-----

28,141 10 — 10,950-----

6,168 — —

455

638 15 — 1,079 8 — 3,500 — 4,000 —

10,023 - — 46,260 —

5,397-----

2,400 — — 108 — , —

5,229 -----.

2,748 1-8 — 1,827-----

179,766 XX —

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Yaxky Notice being taken, that his Majesty’s Interest is p Jnciofure. concerned in the Bill for dividing and the

jP Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pasture, and Waste

Grounds, and also the Marsh and Fenny Grounds, in i the Manor and Parish of Yaxley, in the County of Hun-

tingdon; which Bill was, upon Tuesday last, read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the iaid Bill,

' gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

j Marine Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to ! ?«"> Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Ma-1 rine Forces, while on Shore: And the same was re-

ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Accounts The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkins, from nrefented; the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

I Ac. he was ca^ed m; and, at the Bar, presented to the; ' House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity and Weight of Whale Fins and Whale Oil, imported into England from North America, from Christmas 1758 to Michaelmas 1766; dis-

tinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Weight of Whale Fins, and Quantity of Whale Oil, imported from Holland into England, from Christmas 1752 to Michaelmas 1766; dif-. tinguishing each Year.

( t And then he withdrew.

’ And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the- Vox.. 31

Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants,

His Majesty’s British Subjects, concerned in the Whale Fishery, on Behalf of themselves, and others concerned in the said Fiftiery, is referred.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this SelSon.

A Petition of the Governors, Aifistants, and Society Colne River of the City of London, of and for the Mines Royal, and jjarvl"e the Governors, Aifistants, and Society of the City of Janai. London, of and for the Mineral and Battery Works, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Proprietors, for a longTerm of Years, of a Mill situate on the River a little below the Powder Mills on HounJUrw Heath; and that the Petitioners ob-

serve, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill to bring Water, by a Canal, from the RiverColne to the Parish of Saint Mary le Bon-, and that the River wjiereon the Petitioners Mill is erected comes from the said River and

they apprehend that the Water will be so far exhaulied by the above-mentioned Scheme, as greatly to prejudice the said Mill, if not to render it entirely useless:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by

their Counsel, against the said Petition or Bill, so far as their Property may be affected; or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem.meet and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, is referred; and thpt these Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing the Importation of importation O O Wheat, Wheat,

ice.

142

6° — 10° F

A. 1767.

Part uy an v Act

Wheat, and Wheat-flour, Free of Duty, from an of Europe, for a further Time than is allowed made in this Session of Parliament; and for permitting the free Importation of Harley, Barley Meal, and Pulse, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited; was read the Third Time.

Rcjhlvcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the T itle be, an Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat, and Wheat-flour, free of Duty, from any Part of Europe, for a further Time than is allowed by any Act made in this Session of Parliament; and for permitting the free

River Thames from

to Eynjlutm, iii the Amendment: And

Act for building a Bridye*erofv the Swynferd,in the County of County of Oxford, without any also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing thcOpenConunouFidds, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Oxford,without any Amendment;

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas llotclikis to take the Surname and

Eynftnm

and

Swvnford

linage.

Kf ncott luuoiure*

Hotchkis*

Name.

Importation of Barley, Barley Meal, and Pulfe, into this Arms of pursuant to the AY ill of Thomas Litller,

Kingdom, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That the Lord Clare do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

deceased, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Rodolpli without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

V all t riven' Nat.

Importation. A Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kew^Street, of Tallow, Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, (Southwark) &c* Lard, and Grease, was read a Second Time. passed in the Twenty-feeond Year of his late Majesty Roads.

Ways and Means.

Refotved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Supply.

KingGYwge the Second, for opening and making a new lload, from the East End of New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the saidRoad in Repair for the future; and for repairing several other Roads adjoining thereto; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An Act for continuing, altering, and amending Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twelfth of King George the First, and of the Tenth of his late Majesty, for repairing feve-Rcfvlved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- ral Roads leading into the City of and for

Woreeller

Roads.

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; '

Ordered, That the Ellimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in his Majesty’s Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, in the Year 1767, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to llis Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 10° die;

Anno 7* Georgii M’11 Regis, x 767.

Prayers.

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

amending several other Roads, near or adjoining thereto; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Baumgirtno* naturalizing John Lewis Baumgartner-, to which the f,at-

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Aud then the Mellcngers withdrew.

Mr. He:veilpresented to the House, according to Wortton

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Indofute. Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Wool tun, in the County of Lincoln: And the same "was received; and read the Tirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Sandford,in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Sandford, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Sir James do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and ddire their Concurrence.

Sandford

Inclosure.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Chefltrton Open and Common Fields, Common Pallurcs, Com- Inclosure. mon Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Manor of in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 14 1. 30. To leave out from " Successors" to " for" in 1. 32.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common MeadowSjCommon Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Manor of Chestin the County of Oxford. 1

Ordered, That Sir Janies Dafhwoad do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir

7 Geo. III. 10° Februarii* 143

V.-

iii

k

" a

i»[


tr*

t

:u

Jl

tie

|03

A

,e:

s

Grwtham Sir Jarrit Smith reported frorri the Committee, to whom the Petition of the severalTruftces, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-feeond Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Grantham in the County of Lincoln, through Bottcsford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and from Chapel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to in the

Town of Derby, and from the Guide Post, in the Parish of Lenton, to Saxvley F was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read.

Mr. James Ganiar,being examined, said. That the

Trustees have borrowed the Sum of £.9,450 upon the Credit of the FirftDiltrict of Road mentioned in the Act; that the several Towns mentioned in the Petition are, by the said Act, exempted from the Payment, of Toll, tipon Payment of Ten Shillings Yearly, as a Com poll t ion for each Township, by which the l olls are greatly diminished; that the Tolls arise chiefly from Carriages laden with Coals, which, by realon of the Openness of the Country, evade the Payment thereof, by crofting divers Fords and Ferries over the River Trent; and that it is necessary to augment the Tolls, and to render the said Act more effectual.

That the Road from Bingham, to the East End of a Lane leading from Lotvd/tamto and from the

East End of Radcliffe Field to Sloake Ferry, in the County of Nottinghain, are ruinous and narrow, and cannot be repaired by the Laws in being,

Mr. Richard Gee, Surveyor of the said First District of Road, confirmed the above Eivdence; and added, that the Gates proposed to be set up in the additional Road w ill increase the Tolls.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Art, made in the Thirty-feeond Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Grantham ', in the County of Lincoln, through Bottesford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and from Chapel Bar near the West End of the Town of Nottingham,to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby, and from the Guide Post, in the Parish of Lenton, to Feriy,

as relates to the Road leading from Grantham to Nottingham Trent Bridge j and for repairing and widening the Road from Bingham, to the East End of a Lane leading from Loivdhamto Bulcoate, and from the East End of Radcliffe Field to Stroke Ferry, in the County of Nottingham: And that Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Kyn-> aston. Lord George Sutton, Mr. Thoroton, and Mr. Cuff,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mandrel's An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Samuel Mandrot was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the , Title be. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Mandrot.

Ordered, That Sir Jai Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Mailing Mr. Bess reported from the Committee, to whom the Hcath, Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace, Gentle-R«ad nien. Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Kent, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards Vo*. 31.

delivered it in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the fame

was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To" prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Riff ell said, That he knows the Road from the Brick Kilns on Faff Mailing Heath, in the County of Kent, to Water ingburyCYe/.v, and from thence to Brand Bridges, to the Turn pike Road on P an Green, leading from Lamberhurffto Tunbridge ;and allb the Road from Brand Bridges aforesaid, to the Forge,

at the Four Wents,near MaifieldGreen, in the Parish of Benchleys that the said Roads are in a very ruinous

Condition, and in some Parts not passable, and so very narrow in particular Places, that a Person on Hovi’eback cannot pass by a Carriage.

And, being alked-the Question, he said, that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Brick Kilns, ' on Faff Mailing Heath, to the Turnpike Road on buiy Green; and from Brand Bridges to Wents,

neaV Alatffeld Green,in the County of Kent: And that

Mr. Biff, Sir Joseph Mawbcy, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Farnaby, and Mr. Fairfax, do prepare and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing arid inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Common Pasture, and Waste Grounds, and also, the Marsh and Fenny Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Yaxley, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Hinch inbrook, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Montagu, Sir Isham, Mr. Touchet, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr,. Sandy s,

Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr. Foley,

Mr PaterJ’on, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Harley, Mr. Grosvenor,

Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Brand,

Mr. Bull, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bess, Mr.

Byde, Mr. Cajioall, Lord CatherloughMr. Mr. Cleyland, SirGeorge Armitage, Mr. Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Gilbert, Lord Grey, Sir John Griffin, Mr.'

Harris, Mr. Heivett, Sir Matthew

SirIVilliam Beauchamp Proctor,\Ir. Rigby, Mr

Mr. Seymour, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Francis Vincent,

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Wood j and all the Members who ’ serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Northampton,

Bedford, Cambridge, Hertford, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing Theodore Van an Te^Sen’s

Infant, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Mont, Mr. Ridley, Sir James DqJhivood, Mr. Dozcdejwell, Mr. Shiftier, Sir John Barrington, Sir Matthew Lamb, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Pennant, Sir Edmund IJhani, Mr. Coven~ try, Mr. Penton, S\r Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Smith Mr. Mr. Knight,

Lord Grey, Mr. Buller, Mr. Holt, Mr. Grey, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Pat erf on, Mr. Townshend, Sir

house, Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Bootle, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Dyfon, Mr.

EUis, Mr. Thurlow, Sir George Yonge, Mr.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Beauchamp Proflor reported frorii the Tyburn Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Truf- a'*d tees for putting in Execution Three Acts of Parliament, nbr"igc passed in the First and Twelfth Years of the Reign of °a ’ King George the First, and the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex} and for amertding the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath, through the Parities

Jl--- i-

Bibury

Inclosure.

Old

Common

Inclosure.

144

of Hamcell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the great

Western Road in the said County; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to Report the fame, as itappeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said A ds were read; And Mr. Jahez Golcler, Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts; and he produced to your Committee an Account of the Money arifiqg from the Tolls thereby granted, and of the Disbursement for, the lait Seven Years; whereby it appears, that the Annual Income, on a Medium, hath been £.1,498. ijs. 9 { d.and the Outgoings, on account of Repairs of the said Road, £.1,518. 12 4!;

and that the Debt now due, on the Credit of the said Acts, is £.3,900.

And the Witness said, that several Parts of the said Roads are very narrow and dangerous,which cannot be widened under the Powers of the present Acts; and it will be necessary to lay a small additional Toll upon Coaches, and such like Carriages, and on fingie Horl’es; but noadditionalToll is proposed to be laid on Waggons or Carts: And that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and made commodious, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Powers of the said Acts are altered and enlarged, and the Term thereby granted be further continued.

Mr. George Weston, Surveyor of the Western Distriet of the said Roads, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Colder-, and said, That the Road from Stratford Bridge, to' the End of Mr. Harvey's Grounds next Uxbridge, is very narrow and bad; that Application has been made to Mr. Harvey for the Purchase of Ground to widen the fames who said, That it belonged to younger Children, and he had no Right in it only for his Life.

And he further said. That if the said Roads, which lie nearest to London, were prperly lighted and watched in the Night-time, it would be the Means of preventing the many Roberies, Outrages, and Violences, which are frequently committed thereon; and that it would be a great Convenience toPersons travelling Part of the said Roads, in the Summer Season, if the same were properly watered, which he said would also be of great Service to the Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual. Three Acts for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath, through the Pari dies of Hamcell,1 New Brentford, and Ealing, to the great Western Road in the said County; and for lighting, watching, and watering the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits: And that Sir William Beauchamp Proctor and Mr. Cooke do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Paferfon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bibuiy, and Manors of Bibury Ofney and Bibury Northumberland, and the Hamlet or Vfll of Arlington, all in the said Parish of Bibury, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclostug the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Lanes, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old, otherwise Would, in the County of Northampton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allega-22

1767.

tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Four Proprietors, whose Property in the said Lands amounts to the Annual Value of Thirty-three Pounds and Three Shillings, who, being applied to, ' refilled to sign the Bill, but declared they would not oppose it; and that the Annual Value of the Lands intended to be inclol’ed amounts to £.840; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

" The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the Lilt of Commifliioners of the Cuitom s in Scotland, at tended at damage* the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented (Scotland.) to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Book, intituled, " Lift of Wheel Carriages and " Silver Piate for Scotland."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Touchet reported from t.he Committee, to whom Carlisle the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common bictofure. Moor, called Carlisle and Cummerfdale Moor, in the County of Cumberland, was committed) That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned hail given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Eight Persons, who refilled to consent to the Inclosure, whole Estates, in the Manor of LowDalston,are afleffedto the Poor’s Rate at£.i. i^s.gd. per Annum-, and that the whole Estates within the said Manor are assessed to the said Rate at £. 47. 18 s. 1 per Annum); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Shiffner reported from the Committee, to whom Dafliwood’# the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate*. for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Dash-

wood, Esquire, in Trustees, for raising Money to pay Debts and Incumbrances, and for providing an Equivalent or Compensation for the lame, to the Issue inheritable under his Marriage Settlement,was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confout to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to die House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

io° Februarii.

Geo. IIL io" Februaru. 145

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amentment.

Swinton’s A Petition of Dofiior and Mary his

Petition "Wife, Devisee ami Executrix of Ann A Ron, deceased, ftecoropence. w " as l*ie Devisee and Executrix of Mary Daffy, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, at the Time of the late unnatural Rebellion, Several Houses and Buildings, belonging to the said Mary Daffy, lying contiguous to the Castle of in the County, of Chejlwere, for the Purpose of making the said Castle more defenlible, pulled down and demolished, by Order of General the King’s

chief Engineer there, whereby the Ellate of the said Mrs. Dqffy was so far injured, that, upon a moderate Computation, it will cost Seven Hundred Pounds, or thereabouts, to reinstate the fame; and that the said Mary Daffy, or Ann Acton, not having been able to rebuild the said Premises, no Rents have bee® received lince that Time, and a further Loss has been sustained, on account of Interest,amounting to Seven Hundred and 1 Fifty Pounds, or thereabouts^ and, that the Petitioners are informed, that the Corporation of the City

the Parish of Saint Mary, and Several private Per foils within the Liberties of the City of Chester, soon after the 1 said Rebellion, caused Estimates to be taken of the Se-

veral Damages which they had' sustained, in order to make tire said Caltlfe defenlible, ami received Satisfaction , for the same j and the said Mary Daffy, soon after the said Rebellion, caused a Petition and Ellimate to be drawn up, attelled by Two Surveyors on Oath, and also certified byGeneralGanfcll,which Petition was presented

to the then Lords of His Majesty’sTreafuFy; but the said Mary Daffy, being very infirm, was incapable of soliciting the fame, and the feme Time after dying, and having left her Estate and Effects to her Sifter, the said Ann A Ron, who was very old and infirm, and Ihe soon after dying, no Recompence as yet has been made for the Damages sustained as above; and representing to the House, that no Part of the Damage herein before specified was done by the Rebel Army, they not having been at Cheffe?'; but that the said Mary confer) ted

to the Premises being demolished by his Majesty’s Officers, for the Ptefervation of the Castle, on an absolute Promise being then made, that the Government would teinftate the fame; and that the Petitioners have been informed, that all other similar Claims, for Damages tkme in any Place by his Majesi y’s Officers, have been ftillyfatisfied; and that the said Mary Daffy was advised *0 petition the House for Relief, but was prevented by Age and Infirmities, and the conftaht Expectation Ihe had of being paid, by order of the Treasury, as others were; and, that by reason of feverat unavoidable Difficulties and Delays attending the particular Circumstances of the Cafe, the Petitioners could not, within the Time limited for presenting Petitions for private Bills, present their Petition to the House for Relief in the Premises: And therefore praying. That they may have Leave to present their Petition for Relief in ihe Premises above hated.

Ordered, That, upon account of the particular Circumstances let forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to exhibit a Petition, as desired by the said Doctor Swinton, and Mary his \Y ife.

Then a Petition of Doctor Peter Swinton, and Mary his Wife, Devisee and Executrix of Ann A Rim, deceased, who was the Devisee and Executrix of Mary Daffy, deceased, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends the said Petition to the Confutation of the House.

Then tire said Petition was brought up, and read;

V01. 31.

containing the same Allegations as are contained in the preceding Petition; and praying the House to take the Premises into Confutation, arn^ grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as shall appear roasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confutation of a Committee: And that they do examine, and Hate to the House, the Matter ol'Fatt contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. GrosveMr. Gilbert, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Salivan, Mr. FonnMr. Jliend, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Burrell, Mr SSir William Beauchamp ProRor, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jackson, Lord George in'lie, Mr. Cholntondeley, Mr. Burke, Mr. Burgoyne, Mr.

Cholmtcy, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Montagu, Sir Roger Nerodi-gate, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Charles MoMr. Kynaf-

ton, Sir Edmund Isham, Sir Joseph Maivbcy, Sir Jvlin Gibbons, Mr. Harris, Mr. Bindley, Lord Coleraine,

Lord Orwell, Mr. Parker, Mr. Sand all the

Members who serve for the Counties of

ter, and Salop; and for the Principality of 'Woles;and

all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fond for Per-

fonsj Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account Account of the Amount of the Bounties which have ordered; been paid-upon Shipsemployed In the U'hale Pilhery to J*cn,e Davis's Streighfs, and the Greenland Seas, from Christmas r 1 erjr’

1752 to Christmas 1766, or as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Bounties paid in each Year.

Mr. Pater/on, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,the Resolutions which the Committee load directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Cl rk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as foi'ow-eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Ninety-eight thousand One hundred and Forty-four Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-feveu.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, forpurchafing a Quantity of Hemp, to replenish His Majesty’s Magazines.

The First. Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Qudlion being put.

That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pur- ElHmafe suant to their Address to His Majesty, prrfentfd;

Ellimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of J Jyjk*

Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1767. Hosp,taL

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Pp ESTIMATE

Bath

"Election.

146 10° Februarn. ^.1767.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1767.

Per Diem, For 365 Days.

# 15,423 Out Pensioners Handing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at 5 d. per Diem each 103 Letter Men, at 12 d. per Diem each - 31 Serjeants, at 9 d. per Diem each ----- jC* s- d. 321 6 3 5 3 — 1 3 3 £- s. d. Ix7»279 1 3 1,879 *5 — 424 6 3

15.557 £ 327 12 6 119,583 2 6

From which deduct The Sum of Thirteen thousand Five hundred Pounds, which, by Estimation, maybe applicable towards defraying the Expence out of the Poundage of the Forces, for the Year 1767 - -- - Remains to be granted upon Account, for the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital,? . for the Year x 767 ----- - -j*- I3.500

106,083 2 6

War Office, 10th February 1767.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Walter Long, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petition was read.

And the Standing Order of House, made the TTith Day 0 fjanuary 1735, for retraining the Counsel at

the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament, for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons, was read.

And the last Determination of the House, made the 27th Day of January 1706, concerning the Right of

electing Citi2ens to serve in Parliament for the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, whereby it was resolved, that the Right of Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council only, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard

And the original Poll, taken at the last Election of a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the said City, was produced.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard, and examined a Witness, in order to prove, that, at the Time of the said Election, Objection was taken to the Vote of Mr. William Frederick, on account of his not having taken the Sacrament within a Year before his Election as a Common Council-man, as required by an Act made in the 13th Year of the Reign of king Charles the'Second, intituled, An Act for the well governing and regulating of Corporations; and that the said Mr.

Frederick, at that Time, confessed he had not taken the Sacrament within a Year before his said Election.

And then the said Witness was directed to withdraw.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner produced Evidence, in order to shew what Time the said William Frederick, and also Richard Roberts, another of the said Corporation, were admitted into the fame.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crow n attending with the Writ, which, upon the nth Day of November last, was made out for electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of in the County of Somerset, in the room of the Right honourable William Pitt, now Earl of Chatham, called up to the House of Peers;

The said Writ was produced.

And it appeared thereby, that the same was received by the Sheriff for the County of Somerset, upon the 13th Day of the said Month of N,which was the Day before the Admission of the said Mr. Roberts into the said Corporation.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner examined Witness, in order to shew the Manner of the said Mr. Richard Roberts being elected a Member of the said Corporation.

And then the said Witness was directed to withdraw.

Then the said Counsel produced Evidence in order to prove, that a Rule had been made in the Court of King's Bench, last Michaelmas Term, for Mr. Frederick to shew Cause why an Information in the Nature of a 2 uoWarranto should not be granted against him, to shew by what Authority he claimed to be a Common Council-man of the City of Bath-, and that no Cause had been shewn; and the Rule was in this present Hilary Term made absolute.

And the same being admitted by the Counsel for the Sitting Member;

The

7 Geo. III.

i o° — 110 Februdrii.

*47

The Counsel for the Petitioner summed up their A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Evidence. put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member were heard Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

thereupon.

Then Mr. Lewis Clutterbuck, Town Clerk of the said City, was called in; and, at the Bar, produced a Certificate of the said Mr. William Frederick's having received the Sacrament upon the 28th Day of September last, after his Admission into the Common Council of the said City of Bath.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Certificate was read.

The said Mr. Clutle'rbuck was again called in; and.

George the Second, for repairing the Road from Rotherham to Hartclff Hill,in the Parish of in the County of York, and of the several other Perl'ons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, living and residing within the several Townships and Parishes of Kimbenvorth, EcclWort ley, Hunjhdf,

and several other Townships and Parishes adjoining or lying near to the said Road, leading from Rotherham to Hartcliff Hill,in the Parish of Peniston, in the

at the Bar, produced a By-law of the said City, made said County of was presented to the House, and

4 L _ . i 1 - _ 1* Of . I I - — 1 _ A J 1 nr* _ . _ J . I 1^ 4f 4* 4 A av Ia I 4 1%

the 25th Day of October 1742, for regulating the Time for proceeding to the Election of a Common Councilman of the said City.

And then he withdrew.

And the said By-law was read.

Then an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualif- themselves for Oflices and Employ

read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by the said former A ft, lb far as the same relate to the said Road from Rotherham to Hart-cliff Hills and that these Petitioners apprehend, that the Object of the said Act was to open a Communication for the Carriage of Goods to and from Rother-

ments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy ham to but, notwithstanding the Money

Lieutenants, and Office; soft he Militia, or others, who funk, and Toll collected, it has been found that the have omitted to regiltcy, or deliver in, their Qualifica- same has not been effectual, but the said Roads, inmany tions, within the Time limited by Law; and for giving Parts, continue very bad; and, for many Years last pall further Time for those Pumoles; and to indemnify the Number of Travellers and Carriages passing along Members, and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and the fame, has been still more insufficient to raise Money BoroughTowns,whose Admissions have been omitted to by the Tolls, to repair and amend the fame; and very

be stamped, according to the several Act s of Parliament now in force lor that Purpose, or, having been stamped, have been loft or mitlaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admitlions duly stamped; was read.

And then the Counsel for the Petitioner having been heard by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion being made. That John Smith, Esquire, is

few Goods have been carried along the said Road (except what has been collected from Two Companies in Kimberworth, for passing through the Bar a little Way, with Coals, Iron, Stones, and other Goods); and that little Toll can now be collected upon the said Roads, but from the Petitioners, and other the Inhabitants of the Townships adjoining, which can never raise sufficient to answer the End proposed; and that there hath been, in Consequence of the said A ft, no Toll

duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament Bar erected upon the said Road, but in the Township for the City of Bath, in the County of Somerseti of Kimberworth, in which Township but small Part of

Mr. fynith withdrew. the Road has been repaired by the Trustees, and, for

Resolved, That John Smith, Esquire, is duly elected a' Fifteen Years last past, not above Five Pounds of the Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City Toll laid out upon the Road, for Want whereof, a of Bath, in the County of Somerset.~ great Burthen and Grievance hath been brought upon

j . 1 lL , - , ... ftichof the Petitioners as live within the Townships

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow through which the fai(1 Road leads and that particu.

Morning, Nine of the Clock. ----- - ..... r- --

Mercurii) 110 Februarii j

Anno 7, Georgii.IHHi Regis, 1767. Prayers.

Accents

pretested;

MoUffes;

and

Bounties.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Par/ons,.

from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended, at the Door; he Was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purl'uant to their Orders,

An Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duty laid upon the Importation of Molasses, in His Majesty’s Colonies in Forth America, by an Act passed than heretofore, from the" Iron-works, the Township in the 6th of George 11: Andalfo, of Kimberworth has made the worlt of their Road

An Account of the gross and net Produce of the very good, and, in a lew Years, will be able to Duty laid upon the Importation of Molasses, in His complete the Whole; and therefore it would be very Majesty’s Colonies in North America, by an Act passed hard upon them to have the Act renew'ed, and the Tolls in the 4th of His present Majesty, so far as the enlarged, or continued: And therefore praying the

larly such of them as live and reside in or near the said Township of Kimberworth, have suffered greatly, by paying the greatest Part of the Tolls that have been collected, and Jikewifeby repairing and amending the said Road, to make the same passable; and that they have constantly performed their Statute Work, and for many Years collected a Rate of Sixpence in the Pound, Four Fifths of which, it is believed, have been laid out upon the Turnpike Road, notwithstanding which, they have been liable to, and have been still further burthened by, the Road being indicted; and they are now indebted to the Surveyors of the High Roads the Sum of about Thirty-four Pounds; and that, , within these few Years, by reason of better Materials

Accounts are receiver!: And also.

An Account of the Total Amount of all Bounties and Drawbacks, paid out of the Revenue of Customs, from Christmas 1754 to Christmas 176G; distinguishing each

Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do Jie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Vol. 31.

House to take their same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees nominated and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament,made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Rotherham to Harte in the Parish of

Peniston, in the County of York, and of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Fanners, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants,

Rotherham

and

Haitcliff

Road*

148 11* Febrmrii. A. 1767.

bitants, living and residing in the several Towns and Places adjoining, or near to, the said Road, and travelling in and using the fame, whose Names respectively are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Distirlfed A Petition of the several Persons, whose Hands are Debtors. thereunto set and subscribed, being Prisoners confined for Debt, in the Gaol in and for the County of Stafford: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the Gaol of Durham, as well for themselves, as on Behalf of jail others in the like Situation, in the different Parts of this Kingdom: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in

Cajtle, on Behalf of themselves, and the many other Persons Unhappily confined in the different Gaols in this Kingdom;

- Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Did refs5 and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Account The House being informed that Mr. , from

presented; the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the East India Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Trade. tQ pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of all the Duties paid upon East India Goods, from the Year 1756 to 1765, both Years inclusive; distinguishing each Vear.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account* Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ^ordered s Account of all Monies received and paid by the Go-Rdjhitalf vernors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, between the 3 ill Day of December 1765 and the 31st Day of December 1766, inclusive, with the Balance then remaining; and also, an Account of the Number of Children received into the said Hospital on or before the 25 th Day of March 1760, who have been placed out Apprentices between the said 31st Day of December 1765 and the said 31st Day of December 17665 and affo, an Account of the Number of the said Children who have been returned to their Parents, between the said 3ill Day of December 1765 and the said 31st Day of December 1766 5. and also, aii Account of the Number of the said Children who hare died, between the said 31st Day of December 1765 and the said 3111 Day of December 17 j and also, an Account of the Number of the said Children who were living, Under the Care of the said Governors and Guardians, on the said 31st Day of December 1766.

Ordered, That the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital, for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, do prepare, and lay before this House, an Estimate of the Expence of maintaining the Children received into the said Hospital, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1766, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1767, inclusive.

Marine A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces. Forces, while on Shore, was read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-ti

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Letter from NudDowla, the present Nabob of Bengal, to Lord Clive and the Gentlemen of the select Committee, on Lord Clive's Arrival, in May 1765-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Lift of Presents received by several Persons, from the Nabob and his Ministers, according to the Narrative delivered in to the Select Committee in June 1765, b yMahomud Reza Khan.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters and Correspondence carried on between the Commanders of His Majesty’s Land and Sea Forces, and the Servants of the East India Company, from the Time of the Surrender of Pondicherry, to the Delivery of the said Place into the Hands of the East India Company.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Culioms, attended at the Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity and different Sorts of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, exported from England to the East. Indies, from 1754 to Michael-

mas 1766, with the Amount of their Value} distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That this House be called orer upon this' Day Fortnight, the 25th Day of this Instant February.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for m Custody of the Serjeant at Arms' attending this House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 5 Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1766, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by his Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this Hoiifc, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That they they had come to several Refohttions 5 which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Onslow also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That tins House will, upon Monday Morning

East India Affairs.

Account presented; East India Trade.

Call of the House.

Supply,

>005 ie

7 Geo. III. i1 120

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty*

The other Orders of the Day being read;

High Price ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-of night, reiolve itself into a Committee of the whole Provisions. House, to consider further of the present high Price of Provisions.

High Price Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

ot Corn. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 120 die;

Anno 70 Georgii IIIl,! Regis, 1767,

Prayers.

Donington y 011D Brownlow Bertie reported from the Commit-j Ju tee, to whom the Petition of several Proprietors

n-r of Mefinages, Cottages, and Toftsteads, in the Parish of Donington; in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition 5 and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his - Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Kelham, being examined, , said, That if the Open Fields and Meadows, within the Parish of Donington, were drained, it would be of great Advantage to the several Parties interested therein.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the-Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Donington, in the County of Lincoln, and for imbanking and draining the said Fens, and Commonable Places, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for imbanking and draining the said Open Fields and Meadows.

Ancholme Lord Brozcnlozv Bertie reported from the Committee, Drainage, to whom the Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, in the Level of Ancholme, in the County of Lincoln, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Roger Leadbeater, being examined, said. That he is acquainted with the Level of Ancholme; that it has been under Water for several Years; and that the Carrs in general are very bad, owing to their being overflowed.

That the draining of the said Lands will greatly in-‘ crease their Value, to the Benefit of the Proprietors; and that they are at present of little Value.

Mr. Daniel Scott confirmed the above Evidence.

Mr. Thomas Yeomans, Engineer, being examined, laid. That he had surveyed the said Level, from the llumber, to Bishop Brigg, in September last; and upon taking an exact View of the Level, he is of Opinion that the Whole may he eflcclually drained, and a Navigation made; that the Drainage and Navigation are

VOL. 31.

Februarii. 14

connected together; and that he apprehends it is necefc lary to begin the Drainage lirli; The Expence of both will be about £. 16,000 for completing the Work through the whole Level, being near Twenty Miles.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual draining the Lands lying in the Level of Ancholme, in the County of Lincoln, and making the River Ancholme navigable, from the River Humber, at or near a Place, called Ferraby Sluice, in the County of Lincoln, to the Town of Glamford Briggs, and for continuing the said Navigation up or near t6 the said River, from thence to Bishop Briggs, in the said County of Lincoln: And that Lord Brownlozo Bertie and Mr. Thomas Townshend, J unior, do prepare* and bring in, the fame.:

Mr. Darker presented to the House, according to Cost) Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, inclosure. and commonable Places, in Cofby and Littlethorpe, in the Parish of Cojby, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bnumtnrtner’s for naturalizing JohnLeivis Baumgartner, was read the ^at*

First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Amable Dodt, was presented to the Dnrt’t House, and read; Praying, that his Name may be in- Nat. ferted in the Bill, now depending, for naturalizing John Lewis Baumgartner.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Distrcfled thereunder subscribed, being Prisoners confined wilpf- Debtors. zvich Gaol, in the County of Suffolk, as well Debtors to the Crown, as Debtors to private Persons: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in Ditto. Newgate, in the Town and County of the Town of Nezccastle upon Tyne: And also,

A Petition of the poor Debtors under Confinement j)\n0t in MaidfloneGaol, whose Names are thereunto written:

And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Ditto. Gaol for the County of Northampton;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying '

Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Com- Borrow-mittee, to whom the Petition of the principal Inhabi- ftounneft tants of the Town and Parish of Borrowstounness, in the TwoPenni* County of Linlithgozv, North Britain, was referred, That Sccu*

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them,to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the 9 Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second was read, whereby a Duty was imposed of Two Pennies Scots, on every Pint of Ale or Beer brewed or vended within the Town of Borrow-fiounness during the Term of Twenty-five Years, to be applied in repairing and improving the Hai;bpur of the said Town.

Mr.RichardGrindley, being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed by the said Act have made great Additions and Improvements to the Harbour, by which they have gained Seven Feet Water within the Quays.

Mr. William Hamilton produced an Account of all Q q the

i5°

ia° Februarii. A. 1767

the Monies received and disbursed in pursuance of the said Act, by which it appeared that all the Money received had been expended, and that there is now owing on the Credit of the said Act the Sum 503. 1 5

And he informed your Committee, that the Produce of the Duty, during the subsisting Term in the said Act, will not be sufficient to discharge the said Debt, and finish the intended Plan of Improvements, so as to render the said Harbour safe and commodious.

Mr. Richard Grindley,further said, That Two Quays

have been built, but the Heads still want inclosing, and several Repairs are also wanting.

That there are many Coal-works and Salt-W'orks carried on near the said Town; and that the Engines made use of for carrying on these Works have entirely drained every Spring Well in the Town, and it is necessary to bring a fresh Supply of wholesome Water, at a great Expence, there being none at present within a less Distance than Half aMile,except such ascomes from the Coal Ix’vel, which is very bad.

That the Streets in the said Town are in very bad Repair, and the Avenues to it stand in great Need of being opened, in order to render the said Town more commodious; and that there is no Road to the said Town from the Wefnvard.

That great Disorders happen in the Harbour, and great Damage is frequently done to the Quays and Shipping, for want of Power to oblige Ships to remove from the Loading and Discharging-Births, when others ought to come in That the Trustees have appointed a Harbour Mailer for the better regulating the Shipping, but as he is not in vetted with proper Powers, his Appointment has had little Effect

Tl»at the Trade of the said Town is, of late Years, greatly increased; but there is not any Fund for the Execution of any Work for public Utility.

That when the said Act passed, it was apprehended that the whole Parish of Borrowstounness was liable to pay the aforesaid Duty; but, by a Determination of the Court of Session, it is now confined to the Town.

Mr. Hamilton, being again examined, said, That the Works necessary to be done, in and about the said Town, would amount to £. 4,900, viz. 3,500 for repairing the Harbour; £.800 for supplying Water; and £.600 for widening and repairing the Streets.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and

Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow, and for extending the same over the Parish of for repairing the Harbour of the said Town, and for other Pnrpoles therein to be mentioned: And that Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Edmovjtone, Mr. Jf 'ed-derburn, and Mr. Hope H eir, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Q^enhoroujh Sir Charles Frederick reported from the Committee, Poor. to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Bailiffs, p Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough and Parish of Queenborough, in the County of was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Ilinde, Town Clerk of Queenbvrongh, being examined, said, That the said Borough and Parish are very small, containing only about 50 poorlloufes, or rather Cottages, and a linall Common.

That, from Time immemorial, the Poor have been supported by AirclTments made according to the Abili-

ties of the resident Members of the Corporation and Inhabitants, and not in the Method prescribed by the Lawrs for that Purpose.

That the present Method prescribed by Lawr for raising Money for the Relief of the Poor, would be inadequate for that Purpose within the said Borough; and that all the Inhabitants are desirous that the Method hitherto pursued within the said Borough should be established by Act of Parliament.

Mr. Richard Wrejt, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better and more effectual Maintenance and Relief of the Poor of the Borough and Parish borough, in the County of Kent: And that Sir Charles Frederick and Mr. Frederick Montagu do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mortgagees of the Tolls arising, and to be taken,upon the Road leading from Grantham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and of the several Trustees residing in or near Nottingham, within the Western Division of the said Road, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Seting forth, That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented to the House, for a Bill for enlarging the Tenn and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through and Bingham,

to Nottingham Trent Bridge, with other Roads therein mentioned; in w;hich said Bill, ns the Petitioners are informed, is intended to be inserted a Clause to enforce an Annual Account, and Payment of One Moiety of the Tolls collecded,or to be collected, upon the Whole of the said Road, to the Treasurer for the Eastern Part thereof; which, if passed into a Law, will be very detrimental to the Petitioners, the said Mortgagees, who, with others, have advanced £. 4,750 towards the Repair of the said Road; and that it was, by the said former Act, declared, that the Residue of the Tolls arising, and Monies to be borrowed (certain Payments thereout being first deducted) in or in respect of the said Road should be applied in equal Moieties, in repairing and widening such Parts thereof as lead from Grantham to the Top of Elton Hill, and from the Top of Elton Hill to Nottingham Trent Bridge; which Clause, th- Petitioners apprehend, w'as inserted upon a Pcefumption that the Expence of keeping in Repair each Division would be nearly equal; but it is demonstrable that the Weliern Division is, and ever will remain,much more expensive than the Ealiern; the Tolls arising w'ilhin the Western Division amounting, communibus Annis, to Five Parts in Six of the Whole, besides the many Compositions to which the Western Division is liable; and that the said former Act was passed in 1759; from which Time to the 31st of May 1763, before the capital Sum borrowed was expended, the Treasurer for the Western Division regularly paid a Moiety of the clear Tolls to the Treasurer of the Eastern: but, in the Year 1764, several Parts of the Road were in a very ruinous Condition, particularly in Whatlon Field,which lies in the Center thereof, and Part of the Western Division was totally impassable with any degree of Safety, even for a Angle Horse, whereby the Communication betw'een Grantham and Nottingham was in a great measure stopt, and the Country in general highly dissatisfied on that Account; the acting Trustees residing in the Western Division, as.well-.-to open ihe Communication (without which the Tolls must necessarily have been greatly reduced, the Subscribers in general thereby injured, and the Road rendered, comparatively useless)thought proper to expend the then current Tolls of Gamfion and Thorough Bridge Gates, and to borrow 150 to make that Part of the Road pallable; that this extraordinary Expence of the Western Division

prevented

Grantham,

he.

Road.

7 Geo. III.

prevented the Treasurer thereof from paying the Mortgagees, the Petitioners, the Year’s Interest, 27th of October, 1764, when due, and rendered it impossible to pay a Moiety of the Tolls, as had been usual, to the Treasurer of the Eastern Division; nevertheless, out of the current Tolls of the Year 1765, the Moiety due to the Eallern Division in 1764 was paid, and that due 1765 was also discharged out of the Tolls of 1766, whereby the Treasurer for the Eastern Division was enabled to pay to the Subscribers residing the rein, their Interest to 1765; but the greatest Part of the Interest due to the Petitioners, the said Mortgagees, 27th of October, 1765, is not only unpaid, hut remains to be collected by the said Tolls, so that the Eastern Subscribers have been paid One Year in Preference to the Petitioners, the said Mortgagees; and that the Inhabitants o and several Towns on the East and South East of Bottesford Toll Gate, now travel for Four Miles or upwards, towards Grantham, without Payment of any Toll; for Remedy whereof the Petitioners aredefirous that a Clause be inserted in the said proposed Bill, directing a Turnpike to be erected between Sedgebrooke and Grantham, giving and taking Tickets to and from BoltesfordGate; and that the Petitioners, the saidTrustees, desirous of doing equal Justice to all the Subscribers upon the said Road, have proposed that the Annual Accounts of Receipts and Payments of the Eastern and Western Divisions shall be consolidated, and the clear Produce of the Whole equally divided, all Expences relative to the whole Road being first deducted, the Petitioners, the said Mortgagees, being first paid their Interest to 1765: And therefore praying. That the Clause for dividing the Tolls, according to the said former Act therein before recited, may be repealed, and the Charges and Expences incident to the whole Road may every Year be deducted, before any Division of the Tolls be made, with such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Old An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Inclosnrc. padures, Common Grounds, Lanes, and Waste Grounds, W'ithin the Manor and Parish of Old, otherwise Would, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Lanes, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old, otherwise Would, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Layton The Lord Strange presented to the House, accord-Hawes ing to Order, a fill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure. Common Waste Grounds and Sand Mills called Layton Hawes, within the Manor of Layton, in the Parishes of Poulton and BiJ'pham,in the County Palatine of caster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Adlingfleet Mr. Ilewett presented to the House, according to

Drainage. Order, a Bill for draining and preferring certain Low Grounds, in the Parishes ol Adlmgjleet and in

in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Leigh A Bill for inclosing, allotting, and dividing, the Com-jbicloiure. mons, and Waste Grounds, Open Common Field, and Open Common Meadow Grounds, in the Manor of Vol. 31.

*5*

The Leigh, in the Parish of Ashen Keynes, in the County of Wilts,was read a Second Time.

'Resolved,’V\\a.t the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Lewis, Sir EdmundIsham, Lord Strange, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Gore, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Mr.

Pen ton, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Knight, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir Charles Mcrdaunt. Lord Mr.

Shijfner, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Webb, Mr.

Shuttleworth, Sir John Hynde , Mr. Alderman Harley, Lord North, Sir Charles Tynte, Mr.

Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Byde, Mr. Mr.

Grey, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Dundas, Mr.7/i/we, Sir Charles P'rederick; and all the Members w ho serve for the Counties of Wilts, Dorset, Somerset, Southampton,

Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to Chorlcv to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Inclosure. Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Chorle»/, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Thomas Cross, Esquire, whose Ellate within the said Manor, is of the Yearly Value of £.92, and also except Samuel Crook, Esquire, whose Estate within the said Manor is of the Yearly Value 65. lor. who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Estates of the Proprietors within the said Manor who have signed the Bill, are of the Yearly Value of £. 1,561. J2r.); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were postponed, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

A Bill for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells, Tunbridge in the County of Kent, to Sivifts Den, in the Parish Wells, of Etchinghpm, and from Front to Great

Wood, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, leading to Black boys, in the County of Sujfewas read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Lewis, Mr. ToiMr. Dundas, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr.

Webb, Sir CharlesMordaunt, Colonel Howe, Mr. Plump-

tre. Lord Howe, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Roger Mr. Gore, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. G.rofvenor, Mr. Penlon, Sir

Francis Vincent, Mr. Shiffher, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Montagu, Sir Joseph Mawbey, M v. Burrell, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Wood, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Darker, Mr. Ilewett, Mr. Dempster, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir William Baker, Mr. Delaval, Mr.

Praed, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Buller, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Methuen; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Suffer,

Surrey, and Middlesex; and for the Cinque Ports;

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Hynde Cotton presented to the House, ac- B.-nwick, cording to Order, a Bill for the more effectual draining and preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, DrainsSf-

in

i '2° Februarii.

I 5 $ 12° Februar. A. 1767.

in the Hamlet of Benu ick, in the Parish of Doddington, Whittle/?y, Bamj'ey, and Farcef, in the Ijle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Teyfingen’s Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Theodore Van Teylingen, an Infant, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had likewise examined Mr.

Van Teylingen, Father to the said Infant, who informed the Committee that his Son is under Age, but has been constantly educated in the true Protestant Religion; and that the Conunittee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Fable.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

HihT?rtCn higroflhd Bill for dividing and inclosing a Stinted c 0 ure. pasture> and several.other Grounds in the Township of Haltcn Tajl,in the County of York, was read the Third

Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 1. 1. 21. To leave out " the said Township," and insert " aforesaid" inllead

thereof.

Pr. z. 1. 5. To leaveout " the said Township," and insert* Ilalton East, aforesaid" inliead thereof.

Pr. 7. 1. 34. To leave out " Township," and insert " Town" inllead thereof.

36. To leave out " Township," and insert " Town" inllead thereof

Pr. 8. 1. 16. To leave out " Township," and insert " Town" instead thereof

Pr. 20. I. 4. To leave out " Township," and insert " Town" instead thereof

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereu])on, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing Halton Green, and for disposing of other Grounds, within the Township of Halloa East, in the Parish of in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Hezvclt do carry the Bill to the \ Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Bankrupts. A Petition of the Mayor, Justice, Aldermen, capital and inferior' Burgelfes, Manufacturers, Traders, and others the principal Inhabitants, of the Borough and Town of Taunton, was prefrnted to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the more equal and effectual Distribution of the Eliatesand Etfefts of Merchants, Bankers, Traders.Scriveners, Factors,or Brokers, rleceased; and for the better Security of the Eihttes and Kilefts of such Personsdescribed as aforesaid, becoming Bankrupts in their Life-times; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have often experienced the Want and have frequently wished for, some such Law, so necessary in a commercial Nation: and therefore praying. That a Bill for such good Purposes may pals into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Bethnal Sir William Beauchamp Proctor reported from the Green Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, for Roads, putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for making and widening a Road, li onisthe EastSide of the Pa rish of Saint Multiline, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the Ealt End of Church Street, in the said Pa rith, and to open a Way, or Road, into

and keeping the same in Repair; and also of several other Persons, being Inhabitants, or frequently passing through Two Lanes called. Old Cock Lane, and Sex Cock

Lane, and likewise, Church Street,\ead\ in a direct Line from the said Road, at the Eafi End of Church Street, to the said Opening into Shoreditch; and also of the Freeholders and Leal’eholders of the said Limes and Streets;

.was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed);

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; and Mr. John Band Benjamin Clempfon, Esquire, being severally examined, said, that £. 3,000 has been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, which Hill remains due, and that the fame, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied, and that the Roads have been laid out pursuant to the Directions of the said A ft; but that the said Sum cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in good Repair,unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and tho Powers thereof enlarged.

And Mr. Clempfon further said, That if the Road from the Salmon and Ball, on Bethnal Green, to Church Street, which is Part of the Roads directed by the said Act to be made, was sufficiently lighted, and a regular Watch kept thereon, it would not only be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood thereof, but of public Utility.

Then,

Mr. John Horton, being examined, said, that the Lanes called Old Cock Lane, A few Cock Lane, and Church

Street, and the Road on the West Side of the Opening from Old Cock Lane into Shoredifch, are in a very ruinous Condit ion, and that it would be a great Convenience to all Persons Jiving in and travelling through the said Lanes and Places, if Power was given to pave, amend, and regulate the fame; and to remove Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and prevent the same for the ftiture.

The Reverend Doctor Natt oonfirmed the Evidence of Mr. Horton, with respect to the bad Condition of the said Lanes and Places.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, for makingaRoad from the Ealt Side of the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the county of ,

to the East End of Church Street, and to open a Way into Shoreditch;and for repairing, paving, and regul at

ing Old Cock Lane, Neiv Cock Lane, Church Street, and the Road on the West Side of the Opening into

Shoreditch, and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the same for the future: And that Sir William Beauchamp ProBoSir Joseph Maxvbcy, and Mr. Cooke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Meflfage from the Lords, by Mr. Edu ards and Mr.

Cuddon;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act DenWrgh for naturalizing Crijlojf'elVan Denbergh, an Infant, Nat. without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, p^norflii to whom the Bill for amending, repairing, and widening, Roals. several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wereOnce read throughout; and then a Secoiid Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

severally

7 Geo. III.

.12

Februarii.'

*53

severally put thereupon^ One of* them was disagreed and charged upon the first Aids to be granted this to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of Session of Parliament.

them, agreed to by the Hou

A CJaule was offered to be added to the Bill, That Toll flia.il be paid but once a Day;

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of TwrelveThoufand Nine Hundred and Fifty-one Pounds Two Shillings and Two Pence be granted to His Majesty, to make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued, by His Majesty’s

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to Orders, in pursuance of the Addrofles of thisHouse.

.Avion*

Name.

be made Part of the Bill,

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Toll shall be paid but once within a certain Distance:

And the said Clause was tw ice read, w’ith Blanks; which being tilled up, the said Clause was, upon the Questiou put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A to enable Sarah Ay Ion, Spinfler, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Tyrrell, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. herbert, Mr. Skiff her, Mr. MMr. Mr.

Gore, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Mr. Kynuston,

Mi\ Bindley, Mr. Townshend, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Foley, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Mr.

dell, Mr. Harris, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. GroJ-venor, Mr. Brand, Mr. Buller, Mr. Pratt, Mr. icay, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bacon, Mr. llarbord. Sir Francis

The said Kefolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Conjtantine Phipps, Esquire, and of John Conjtantine Phipps, his eldest Son.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.,

Mr. Onslow accordingly reported from the said Committee. That he w'as directed by the Committee, to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, demised to Conjtantine Phipps, Esquire, by Letters Patent under the Seal of

Mowfrive

and

Scion

Manors.

Vincent, Mr. D}Jbn, Sir George Yonge, Lord JJowne, His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, unto the said Cori-

Lord Clare, Mr. Champion, Mr. liewett; and all the Members wljo serve for the Countjes of

Essex, Hertford, Kent, and And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Marchwivel A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others.

jlantme Phipps, and John Phipps his eldest

Son, upon a f ull and adequate Consideration to be paid for the fame.

And Mr. Onslow moved the House accordingly. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Dodington ®rec(lers of Sheep and Cattle, in the County of Merio- County of York, demised to Conjtantine Phipps, Esquirei goad, neth, was prefen led to the House, and read; Setting ,by Letters Patent under the Seal of His Majesty’s Court forth. That the JTighway leadnig from Marchwiix-h, in of Exchequer, unto the said Constantine Phipps and

' ~ ~ Carjltnitiiie Phipps his eldest Son, upon a full and ade-

quate Consideration to be paid for the fame: And that Mr, Oijlow, Colonel and Lord 'Frederick

Campbell, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

the County of Detibigh, through the several Pari (lies of Bangor, Worthenbury, and Hanmer, in the County of Flint, to Dodinglon,in the Parish of Whitcfmrchi in the County of Salop,is very founderous, and in bad Repair, and cannot be effectually repaired by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, the House will, take the above same into their Consideration, and grant such Relief as they shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition dp lie upon the Table.

Parliament A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* pofecl. That an humble Address be presented ip His Majesty, that He vvul be, graciously pleafod.tp:cause such Parliamentary and other. Records to be printed, as He shall think proper;.,anid, that this House will make good the fame; . s - . ? \

T he laid Monuu was, with Leave ofi th© House, withdrawn. . ,i. .;

;. . ,.! .(J

Mr. Onslow, according to Order, reported from the Committeeotl,he whole House, to whom it was referred

tary

Records.

Supply.

The: House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confide/’ of flic* Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, the Guild or Brotherhood of Mailers and Pilots, Seamen of the Trinity Ifouse of the same Town, under, their Common Seals respectively, and of thb Merchants and Owners of Shipping of or belonging to the said Town or Port of Kingston upon Hull, and others, whose< Hands are themmtO'fiubfefibed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mx.Weddelltook thoChair oftfhe Committce.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

I, Mr. Wedded reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee, to'make a‘ Motion, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be now received.:

Mr. JYeddelCancotdlngly i reported-ftbm the said to consider ftirljuerof the Supply gran ted to His Majesty, Committee, That he was directed by the Committee,

Kingstpn upon Hid} DOcks,

the Resolutiops which the Comntittee had directed him to report to the House;,which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at thg Qgrk’s Table j.Where the same were read; and are as folio wet h; viz., i RcJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of One Million-Eight Hundred Thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty for paying off discharging the Exchequer Bills, madeiout by

; tomove the Houlb, that Leave be’given to bring in a Bill for making Docks and other Conveniences, fof the Use andi Accommodation of Ships, lengthening'tire South End Jetty, eiedfcipg Dolphins and other Work’s, in the Haven and Port of the Town of Kingston upon I Hull, and Jotappropriating certain Lands, belonging to His Majesty, to those Uses. - 1 -

. AhdfMr. Weddell moved the House accordingly. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in-a Bill for

and

virtue of an Act passed in the Jalt Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money making.Docks and other Conveniences, for the Use " by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of- the and'Accommodation ,bf Ships, lengthening the South " Year Ono tlieufand Seven, hundred andj$W)ty-ljx," Enthietty, ered/ing pdlplihuagd! other-W orks, i n’t he Voi. .31. Rr Haven

154 12° — 130 Febmctrii. A. 1767.

Haven and Port of the Town of Kingston upon and for appropriating certain Lands, belonging to His Majesty, to those Uses: And that Mr. Weddell, Lord Robert Manners, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Icnporohoa Rejoiced, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

TsOIqw. *aS next» ref°^ve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, upon the Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be

limited, the Duties payable upon the Importation of

Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerts, 130 die Februarii;

Anno 7* Georgii IUiii Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

Matt?(hall A BILL for dividing and inclosing the Commons

Inclosure. xJl and W alte Grounds in the Parish of Mattishall, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the BUI be committed to Mr. De Grey, Lord Strange, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Robert

Ladbroke, Mr. Bull, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Yorke, Sir George Colebrooke, Mr. Buller, Sir Smith, Mr.

Shiffiier, Mr. Edmondftone, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Wood, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. -' jtone. Sir Charles Mordaunt Mr. Townshend, Mr. Harley, Lord Newnham, Sir H Bridgeman, Mr. Jennings,

Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr.

Bfudenell, General Am, Mr. Northey, Sir John

Griffin, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Rowlett, Mr. Harris, Sir William Beauchamp ProBor, Mr. Sandys, Lord Sir Benet Garrard, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Amcottss and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, and Effix: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bishop Mr. Hewett reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of those whose Names are thereunder written. Owners and Proprietors of divers ancient Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, Lands, and Tenements, in the several Parishes of Howden, Eastrington, and Blacktqft, in the County of York, -was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition i and had directed him to report the fame, aB it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Darffer, being examined, said* that he knows all

the Lands described in the said Petition, that they are frequently overflowed, but are cap&hle of being effectually drained, having a Fall of Sixteen Feet into the River.

That embanking and draining the said Lands, and also dividing and allotting the same to the respective Persons interested therein, would not only be a great Advantage to the several Proprietors, but to the RahKc in general.

Mr. Robert Spoffibrth, being examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Danser.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclpfing, and draining, a Parcel of Waste -Ground, or Common, called Bishop Soil, in the several Parishes of Hoioden. and Eastrington, and in the Parish or Parochial Chapelry of in the East Riding

.. 16 . a

of the County of York: And that Mr. ewe ft. Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Roger Newdigate presented to the House, ac- Cubblnjjwa cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the locWuie. several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow’s, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of bington, in the County of WarwAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refoboed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Spemal Alb, SpemalAJh, in the County of Wancick, through Siudley, &c.

to a Street called Digbeth, in the Town of Birmingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Ca-

ther lough, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Holt,

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Sliiffiner, Mr. Mi lies, Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir Edmund lOiam, Mr. Wood, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Grey, Mr. Bull, Mr.

I^ord Grey, Mr. Buller, Mr: Pennant, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Burrell, Mr. Edmondfone, Mr. Wilson, Mr.

Mr. De Grey, Mr. Bootle, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr.

‘ Foley, Sir William Beauchamp Prorlor, Sir Cole-

brooke, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Montagu, Sir Charles Famaby, Lord Burgherfh, Mr. Mr.

Ridley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties’of Wanoick, Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Carl We Common Moor, called Carlisle, or Moor, Inclosuie.

in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Moor, called Carlisle,or Cummerfdale Moor, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Touchet do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor presented to the EaKnj House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual Roa<1* repairing, widening, and rendering commodious, the Highways within the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex; and for lighting the Street in Old Brentford, within the said Parish, from the Turning towards Kao Bridge, to a Street called The Hoff Acre: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Prescott reported from the Committee, to whom Merer’* the Bill for naturalizing Leonard Meyer, was com- Nat. mitted. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.


Mr. Hewett reported from the Committee, to whom . t lie Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common and inci<2ure. Waste Ground, called Bentham Moor, within the Manor of higfoton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of (be Bill, and found the same to be true;

and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the- Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except several Persons, whose Lands are afieffed to the Land Tax at the Yearly Sum of £. 2$. I Bs.3f who being

Applied to, refused to sign the Bill, as they did not chule to beat any Expence, but declared they had no Objec-> tion to the Inclosure; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to- be inclosed are afi'efi'ed at the Yearly Sum of

£143-

7 Geo. III.

13 — i 6°Februarii.

155

n

t

c.

4

jT. 143. 14.?. gld.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question. severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Uxbridge? in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on

Colne River to

Efc

te

A

Ditto.

fa1

P

0

Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented to the House; alledging, that the Inhabitants of the City of Westminster, and Pari 11 j of Mary le

.Bone, are badly supplied with Water; and that a proper Supply of Water mi ay be had from a Branch of the River Colne, near the Colour about half a Mile below Uxbridge, and brought by a navigable Canal, to be made to a Place near in the Pari lb of Saint Mary le Bone, and praying for a Bill for the Purpose in the Petition mentioned; and that these Petitioners therefore beg Leave to represent to the House, that, in case such a Bill should pass into a Law, the Mill, called the Colour Mill, which is the Water Work from whence the Town of Uxbridge has its chief (if not whole) Supply, as well as the Mills above the Head of such Water Works, will be greatly prejudiced thereby, as a sufficient Quantity of Water cannot be thrown into the Head of that Water Work, without railing it so high as to pen it back upon the Corn Mills above, and greatly obstruct (if not totally prevent) their working, as well as overflow the Meadows and Lands above; and will in many other Respects be very prejudicial to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee to whom the said Petition is referred.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Coin-hrooke. Iter, Horton, and Rajbery Mills, in the County of Bucks;and of several other Freeholders and Inha-

bitants in and about the Towns of Colnbrooke, -well, Staines, Ioer, Datchett, and and several

other Towns and Places in the said Counties of Bucks and Middlesex; was also prel'ented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Petition, and alledging. That in case such a Bill should pass into a Law, it will not only be very prejudicial to the Owners and Occupiers of the several Mills, intended by the Bill to be destroyed, but also to the several Inhabitants of the Parishes adjacent that usually grind their Corn at such Mills; and divert such large Quantities of Water out of its usual Course, as to render several of the Petitioners Mills incapable of performing their Work, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners and their Families: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee to whom the said Petition is referred; and

and that the Petitioners be. heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Marine

Forces.

f Militia 1 Pay and Clothing.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Certificates which have been transmitted to the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, from the Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties and Places therein after mentioned, pursuant to the Directions of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for ap*

" plying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and " Clothing of the Nlilitia, of that Part of Great Britain " called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th " Day of March 1766; and for explaining, amending,

" and rendering more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, passed in the'Second, Fourth, and Fifth Years " of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the " raising and training the Militia within that Part of " Great Britain called England."

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved among# the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House mill, upon War*

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Mesa*, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing tine Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lun160 die Februarii j '

Anno 7° Geprgji IIItH Regis, 1767/

pRAYEllS.

AMABLE Do€t tpok the Oaths appointed, in order tp his Naturalization.

Mr. Tufshell prefeptgd to the House, according to Order, 3 Bill for dividing and incloting several Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Parcels of Land and Grounds, within the Manor and Township of that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to in the East Riding of the County of York: And the the House shall seem meet. feme was received; and read the First Time.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Huggate

Inclosure.

be referred to the Consideration of {be Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, is referred;

Vol. 31.

Mr. Tujfhgll presented to the House, according to NonMoncktoo Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Inc ofure' Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Nun Monckton, in the Well

Riding

*56

Riding of the County of York.: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJUved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Colne River A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, and

other the principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of

aOsmal.°nC New Windsor, in ihe County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, all edging, that the Inhabitants of the City of Westminster, and Parish of Saint Ma?y le Bone, are badly supplied with Water; and that a Supply of Water may be had from a Branch of the River Colne, near the Colour Mill, about Half a Mile below Uxbridge, and , brought by a navigable Canal to be made, to a Place near William's Farm House, in the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, and praying for a Bill for the Purposes in the Petition mentioned; and that these Petitioners represent, that, in case such Bill. Shall pass into a Law, s it will be higldy detrimental to the Country in general, and to the Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may be heard before the Committee to whom the said Petition may be referred.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, is referred; and tj,iat the Petitioners be heard, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Wixfort* Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according for Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and

inclosure. commoll Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlets or ToWnships of JP2.r/b;*rf, Exhaily King's Broom, and Burnell’s Broom, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. '

lodosure. for dividing and 'inclosing the Open Fields, and Commonable Places, in Cojby and Littlethorpe, in the Parish of Cojby, in the County of Leicejkr, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Darker, Mr* Sandys, Sir Edmund Isham, Sir Charles Mor- daunt, Mr Northey, Mr. Bindley, Mr. LafceUes, Sit William Meredith, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Kynujton, Mr. Dxfon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Moh/naix, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Bouverie, Lord Lijburne, Sir George Warren, Sir Jarrit Smilh, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Grey, Mr. Vanjittart, Sir Roger Nezvdigate, Lord Carys-. fort, Mr, Sulivan, Lord Grey, Mr. Delaval, Mr. West, Mr. CliveJMt. Diindas, Mr. Penton, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Montagu, Mx^JYynn, Lord, SfrangCy Mr. Dummer; and all the' Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Northampton, Nottingham, Derby, Warwick, and Stafford) And they kr6 to meet this’Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bau^nci’*" An ingrossed Bill from th’e Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Baumgartner, Was read a Second Time.

M ' Resolved,' That the Bill be committed ?0 Mr. par- — Arr, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Kynaston, ’ Mr. Montagu, Mr'.

Sandys, Lord Carysfort, \jovd Strange, Mr. P<reJcott, Mr. Rice, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Nit. Burke, Sir ‘Jurrit Smith, Mr. Do Grey, Sxr’Joseph Mawbey, 'Sir George Yonge, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Harvey, Mr.^Harris, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

v t.u ".* fjrolVn/hend> Mr. Fonnerectu, Mr. BaconjN/lt. ILafcelles, Mr. Hervey, Admiral Keppel, Mr. Gartto, *Ix>rd George Sackville, Mr. Brand, Mr. BrudenellJ Lord Robert

xt,

Bertie: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of Amable Docl, which was presented to the House upon Thursday laii, and then ordered to lie upon the rlable, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, be referred to the said Committee; and that they do admit the Petitioner into the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing Hatton Green, and for disposing of other Grounds within the Township of Halton East, in the Parish of Skiplon, in the County of York ", and dofire the Concurrence of their Lordships, thereto.

Lord Robert Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, a.nd other Commonable Places within the Parish of Bonington, in the County of Lincoln, and for ira banking and draining the said Fens and Commonable Places: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Leonard Meyer, Was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Leonard Meyer.

Ordered, That Mr. Prescott do carry the Bill to the’ Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Captain Dennis reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustces for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighteenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Sacred Gate, on the South East Side of the Town of Hedon, in the East Riding of the County of York, through the said Town to Hull North Bridge, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directedhim to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vizi.

To prewe the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; and Mr. William Ivefon informed your Committee, That the Trustees appointed by the said Act have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls granted thereby, amounting in the Whole to £. 3,200, which Sum, together with the Monies arising by. the Tolls, have been duly applied in the Repair of the said Road; but the said Sum can-, not he repaid, nor the said Road be: effectually repaired, and kept in Repair for the future, unless tho Terra, and Powers of the said Act.be> further continued apd enlarged. , j

_i That the: Road, leading from the Turnpike Bar in WyIon Holmes, through the Townilnps of Wyton and SproatUy, to the Guide Eoft in Flinton Lane, ncac Humbleton Moorhotfe, is in a ruihous;Condition,.and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and can* not be repaired and widened by th^ Laws in being. Ordered, That Leave be given to; bring; in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year.of King George the Second, for ret pairing the Road from *9acred, Gate, on. the South East Side of the Town of Hedon, in, the East Riding of, the County of York, through the said Town, to /lull North Bridge; and for amending the Road from the present Tdrnpike Bdr, in Wyton Holmes, through the Townships of Wyton and Sproatley, to the Guide Post in -Flinton Lane, near Humbleton Moorhoife, in the same Riding: And that Captain Dennis azid Lord Rabat Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

- Mr.

16° Februarii.

Halton

Green

Inclosure.

Doningfon

Feu

Inclosure,

*1*

Meyer’*

Nat.

Hedon

Road.

Vorth Anfton and Tod wick Inclosure.

Adlingfleet

Drainage.

Bibury

Inclosure.

Bishop

Burton

Inclosure.

Koe*s

and

Wolff's

Nat.

Mendip

Inclosure,

7 Geo. III. 16° Februarii. 157

Mr. Lafcdies preferred to the House, according to a BiH for repairing and widening the "Road from the Mailing Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Brick Kilns, on Eafi Mailing Heath, to the Turnpike *^*111* Fields, Commons, Moor or Wade Grounds, within the Road on Pembury Green; and from Brand Bridges to r0JkU Manors of North Ansion and Todwick, in the County of the Four Wents, near Matfield Green; in the County York: And the same was received; and read the First of Kent: And the same was received; and read the Time.' First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for draining and preserving certain Low Grounds, in the Parishes otAdlingfieet and Whitgift, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, Thzt the Bill be committed tolSAr. Lascelles, Lord Robert Bertie, Nlv.Kynaston, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Sandys., Sir William Meredith, Mr. Pill, Mr. Montagu, Sir Charles Hardy, "Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Tmvnfhend, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Pent on, Mr. Fitz~ Aierbert, Mr. Burrell, Colonel Amherfi, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Southwell, Lord Allen, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Burke, Mr. Keppel, Lord Lijburne, Mr. Blackstone,

Jarrit Smith, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Morton, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Cafwall, Lord Burgherjh, Lord Sttange, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Clive, Mr. TFhurlctv, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Bofcawen, Lord Frederick Campbell, Lord Howe, Mr. Wynn; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lancaster, Durham, Northuniberland, Cumberland* and Westmorland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

j

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bibury, and Manors of Bibury Ofney, and Bibury Northumberland, and the Hamlet or Vill of Arlington, all in the said Parish of Bibury, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Northey, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Burke, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Drake, Lord North, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Stephens, Lord Frederick Campbell, Lord Dotone, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Sir LionelPilkington, Mr. Ewer, Lord Burgherjh, Lord Lijburne, Lord Strange, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Roger Nezcdigafe, Sir Jarril Smith, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Coutts, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Fenton, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Smith, Mr Thurloio, General Bojcawen, Mr; Wynn; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Wills, Somer-fct, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds in the Parish of South Burton, otherwise Bishop Burton, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Jarrit Smith reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Koe and George Wolff, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

Sir Jarrit Smith presented to the House, according to Order, a Pill for dividing and inclosing a large open and uncultivated Common, or Tract of Ground, Parcel of the Forest of Mendip, in the Parish of Stoke Saint Michael, otherwise Stoke Lane, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bejt presented to the House, according to Order,

- V#L. 31*

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Olney and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within Inclosure. the Parish of Olney, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord North,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Foitnereau, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Bogota Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Hervey, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Wilbraham, FAv: Toxvnfield, Mr. Fuller, Sir Jarrit Smith,

Air. Bacon, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Pitt, Lord Dow tie, Mr.*

Ewer, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Dyfon, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Vansittart,

Mr. Prescott; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Oxford, Bedford, Warwick, Northampton, and Berks; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Cofgrave mom Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Indofurt. Common Grounds, and Commpnable Lands, within the Township and Liberties of Cofgrave, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of Brownjivoocl Green, and Kenfonfield, in the Parish of Cofgrave, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Anthony Bacon, Mr. Crefivell, Mr. Kynaston, Mr Burrell, Sir Jarrit Smith, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Sir George Warren, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Gascoynd,

Lord" Carysfort, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Luttrell, Lord North, Mr. Jackson, Lord Clare, Sir George Armitage,

Air. Cooper, Mr. Fuller, Sir Roger Newdigate, Air.

Shiffner, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Anson, Mr.

Thurlow, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Blackstone,

Air. Ryder, Mr. Bull, Mr. Buller, Mr. Hopkins, Six Francis Vincent, Mr. Darner, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Hume, /

Air. Afliburnham; and all the Alembers who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Bucks, Oxford, Berks,

Warwick, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according Bifoop SoiL to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining, a Drainage, Parcel of Waste Ground, or Common, called Bishop Soil, in the several Parishes of How den and Eafirington, and in the Parish, or Parochial Chapelry, of Black loft, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the London; Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Merchants. Traders, and others, residing within, or con- *w stantly resorting to, the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Air. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Marine Committee of tl\e whole House, to vrtiom the Bill for *°rcc,% the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were onCe read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them wasdifagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed,

Sf. Mr.

1x8 i6 Februarii. A. 1767.

fiij/hway; Mr.' Kynaston reported from the Committee, who* were appointed to revise and consider of the general ws* Laws, relating to the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and to report their Opinion to the House thereupon, and also concerning any Alterations, Amendments, or Repeal, of the fame, which they may think necessary, towards the making of more effectual Provisions for amending and preserving the said Highways and Roads; that the Committee had revised and considered the said Laws accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the general Laws relating to the Highways and Turnpike Roads are so numerous and complicated, that, by reason of the Difficulty of ascertaining and reconciling their Meaning, they frequently remain unexecuted.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That several Provisions of the said Laws are ineffectual for the Purposes intended.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no sufficient and effectual Method is prescribed by the present Laws, for t^e Appointment ef able and skilful Persons to actas Surveyors of the Highways.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Statute Labour, directed by the said Laws, is unequally burthensome, and frequently evaded, or at lealt ineffectually performed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That. the present Methods of regulating the Weight of Carriages, and the Number of Ilorfes, are, in feme Cafes, attended with Inconveniences.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 'That if all the general Laws respecting the Highways and Turnpike Roads were to be reduced into One or more Act or Acts, with proper Alterations and Amendments, the good Purposes thereby intended might be moreNeffectually carried, into Execution.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gilbert, the Lord Strange, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Fidler, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Lowndes, and Sir George Annytage, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Importation Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Tallow, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Grease, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbey took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

American The Lord Clare, from the Commissioners for Trade Trade, and Plantations, acquainted the House, that His Majesty had commanded them to inform the House, that they had received, inclosed in a Letter from Sir Henry Moore, Baronet, His Majesty’s Governor of New York, a Petition of the Merchants in the City of New York, in the Colony of New Yoi'k, in America, addressed to the House of Commons, which, the Governor fays, he trans-14

mitted to the Commissioilersef Trade and Plantations, at the ltequest of a Committee of Merchants of New , York.

And the Lord Clare opened to the House the Con- . tents of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be brought up.

Then the said Petition was brought up, arid read; Setting forth. That the Commerce of the North American Colonies is so severely clogged and reliriCled by the Statutes of the Fourth and Sixth of His present Majesty, as to afford a melancholy Presage of its Destruction, the fatal Effects of which, though first felt there, must finally be transferred to Great Britain, and center with her Merchants and Manufacturers; that anEvil so extensive could not fail of alarming the Petitioners, whose Situation exposes them to the first Impression of this Calamity; and that they therefore think it their Duty to implore the House to resume the Consideration of the Plantation Trade, for effectual Redress; and representing, that it is the Angular Disadvantage of the Northern British Colonies, that, while they stand in need of vast Quantities of the Manufactures of Great Britain, the Count ry is productive of very little which affords a direct Remittance thither in Payment; and that from Necessity therefore, the Inhabitants have been driven to seek a Market for their Produce, where it could be vended, and, by aCourse of Traffick, to acquire either Money or such Merchandize as would answer the Purpose of a Remittance, and enable them to sustain their Credit with the Mother Country; that the Prodigious Balance arising in her Favour is a FaCfctoo well known to the Merchants of Great Britain trading to those Parts, to need any Elucidatiod; but, as the Nature of the Petitioners Commerce, when free from the late Restraints, ought to be understood, they beg Leave to observe, that their Produce then feat to our own and the foreign Islands, was chiefly bartered for Sugar, Rum, Molasses, Cotton, and Indigo; that the Sugar, Cotton, and Indigo,served as Remittance to Great Britain; but the Rum and Molasses constituted essential Branches of the Petitioners Commerce, and enabled them to barter with our own Colonies for Fish and Rice, and by that Means to pursue a valuable Trade with Spain, Portugal, and Italy, where they chiefly obtained Money or Bills of Exchange in Return; and likewise qualified them for Adventures to Africa, where they had the Advantage of putting off great Quantities of British Mmu-t factures, and of receiving in Exchange, Gold, Ivory, and Slaves, which last, disposed of in the West India Islands, commanded Money or Bills; Rum was indispensable in their Indian Trade; and, with British Manufactures, procured Furs and Skins, which served for considerable Returns to Great Britain, and increased the Revenue thereof; that the Trade to the Bay of Honduras was also very material to their Commerce, being managed with small Cargoes of Provisions, Rum, and British Manufactures, which, while they were at Liberty to fend foreign Logwood to the different Ports in 23wr0/;e,fumished them with another valuable Branch of Remittance; that, from this View, it is evident, that Sugar, Rum, Molasses, and Logwood, with Cotton and Indigo, are the Efleiw tials of their Return Cargoes, and the chief Sources from which, in a Course of Trade, they have extended their Usefulness to, and maintained their Credit with, Great Britain; that, considering the prodigious Consumptioji of West India Produce in Great Britain, Ireland, and the Continental Colonies, the rapid Increase of thqfe Colonies, their Inhabitants already exceeding Two Millions, the vast Accession of Subjects by the late Conquests, be-(ides the innumerable Tribes of Indians in the extensive Countries annexed to the BritJh Crown, the utter Incapacity of our own Islands to supply so great a Demand, will, the Petitioners presume, be out of all Question; on the other Hand, the Lumber produced from clearing this immense Territory, and Provision extracted from a fertile Soil, which most of the Inhabitants are employed in cultivating, must raise a Supply for Exportation, with which the Confuinption of our own Islands can bear no

fort


7 Geo. Ill* i6°

fort of Proportion; that it seems therefore consistent with found Policy to indulge those Colonies in a free and unrestrained Exportation of all the Lumber and Produce they raise and can spare, and an ample Importation of Sugar, Rum, and Molasses, to supply the various Branches of their Trade, to which they appear so necessary; that, without the one, the clearing of new Lands, which is extremely laborious and expensive, will be discouraged; and Provisions, for Want of vent, become of little Profit to the Farmer; without the other, the Petitioners mult be plunged into a total Incapacity of making good their Payments for British Debts; their Credit multiink, and their Imports from Great Britain gradually diminish, till they are contrasted to the narrow Compass of Remittances, barely in Articles of their own Produce; and that, how little soever their Interest of Commerce could be promoted, the Colonies thus checked, mult, from inevitable Neceljity betake themselves to Manufactures of their own, which will be attended with Consequences very detrimental to those of Great Britain-, and that the Petitioners, having thus represented the Nature of their Commerce, humbly beg Leave to point out the several Grievances which it labours under, from the Regulations prescribed by the Tw o before-mentioned Acts; and which, if not remedied, they conceive mufti have a direct Tendency to prevent the Cultivation, and ruin the Trade, of the Colonies, and prove highly pernicious to both the Landed and Trading Interest of Great Britain; that the heavy Embarrassments^ which attend the Article of Sugar, is a capital Subject of Complaint; and, besides the absolute Necessity of a great Importation to sustain their Trade, it is a well known Truth, that it often happens, at the foreign Islands with which they have Intercourse, that a sufficient Return Cargo, independent bfSugar, cannot be procured, which alone mult render Trade precarious and discouraging; but the high Duty of Five Shillings Sterling a Hundred is proved, by Experience, to be excessive, and has induced the fair Trader to decline that Branch of Business, while it presents an irresistable Incentive to Smuggling, to People less fcru-pulous; that it answers not the Purposes of the Government, or of the Nation, lince it cannot be duly collected, and, if it could, would have a necessary Tendency to contract Remittances for British Debts, w hile, at the same Time, it is most mischievous to the Colonies, by cutting off One of the grand Springs of their Traffick; and, that the Pressure of this Duty is not aggravated, the Petitioners appeal to the Officers of the Customs of their Port, who are Witnesses of the Impradicability of coliefling it, and who must confess, that there have not wanted lnllances, where Merchants have been driven to the disagreeable Necessity of bringing their very Plate into the Custofn House to discharge it; and that the Petitioners therefore most humbly intreat, that a moderate Duty be laid on foreign Sugars, which, they are assured, would not only greatly conduce to the Prosperity of those Colonies, and their Utility to the Mother Country, but increase the Royal Revenue far beyond what ctfn be expected under the present Restraints; that the compelling Merchants to land and storo foreign Sugars in Great Britain, before they can be exported to other Parts of Europe, is another most expensive and dilatory Restriction, without being of any material Advantage to the Revenue of Great Britain -, for it effectually puts it out of the Petitioners Power to meet ForeignersatMar-ket upon an equal Footing, is a great and heavy Burthen inTimes of Peace, and Security, but in War will expose the Trader to such Peril and Hazard, as mull \Vholiy extinguish this useful Branch of Remittance; that British Plantation Sugar, exported from North America, should be declared French on being landed in England, the Petitioners conceive mayjuftiy be classed among the Number of Hardships inflicted by those Regulations; as in effect it deprives them of making a Remittance in that Article, by exposing them to the Payment of the foreign Dpty in Great Britain^ which appears the more Vol. 31.

159

severe, as their Fellow Subjects of the Islands are left at Liberty to export those Sugars for what they really are, and a Distinction is thus created in their Favour, which the Petitioners cannot but regard with Uneasiness; that foreign Rum, French excepted, is the next Article wrhich the Petitioners most humbly propose for Consideration, as the Importation thereof, on a moderate Duty, would add considerably to the Revenue, prevent Smuggling, promote the Petitioners Navigation, increase the vent of their own Produce with British Manufactures, and enable them to bring back the full Value of their Cargoes, more especially from the Danish Islands of Saint Thomas and Saint Croix, from whence they can now only receive half the Value in Sugar and Cotton, eonfequently Rum alone can be expected for the other half, those Islands affording nothing else for Returns, and having no Specie but of a base kind; that the Exportation of foreign Logwood to foreign Markets, has already been distinguished as . one of the principal Means, by which those Colonies have been enabled to sustain the Weight of their Debts for British Manufactures, and it is with the greatest Concern, the Petitioners observe it to be ranked by the late Ad among the enumerated Articles; and eonfequently made subject to the Delay, the Hazard, and Expence, of being landed in Great Britain; the low Price of Logwood, its Bulk, and the Duty with which it is now burthened, must totally destroy that valuable Branch of the Petitioners Commerce, and throw it into the Hands of Foreigners, unfettered with those heavy Embarrassments; that their Lumber and Pot-alh, even when shipped for Ireland, where they are so necessary, the latter parti-, cularly for the Progress of their Linen Manufacture, and Provisions themselves, though intended to relieve that Kingdom from a Famine, are subject to the same distreffing Impediments; nor is Flax-feed, on the timely Importation of which the very Existence of the Linen Manufacture of Irelandimmediately depends, exempted; although it is a Fad capable of the most satisfactory Proof, that, without the Delay now created, it has been with Difficulty transported from that Colony, to be there in proper Season for sowing; that what renders so injurious an Obstruction the more affecting ,is the Reflection, that, while it deprives the Petitioners of the Benefits arising from Flax-feed, Lumber, and Pot-aih, these Articles may all be imported into Ireland directly from the Baltic, where they are purchased from Foreigners, under the national Disadvantage of being paid for with Money- instead of Manufactures; and the Petitioners therefore humbly beg Leave to express their Hopes, that an Evil in so high a Degree per-, nicious to them, to the Staple of Ireland, and to the Trade and Manufactures of Great Britain, and which inTimes of War must fall on all with a redoubled Weight, will not fail of obtaining the Attention of the House, and an immediate and effectual Red refs; and that the Petitioners beg Leave further to represent, that the Wines from the Islands, in Exchange for Wheat, Flour, Fish, and Lumber, would considerably augment the important Article of Remittance, was the American Duty withdrawn, on Exportation to Great Britain; and that it is therefore humbly Submitted to the House, whether such an Expedient, calculated at once to attach them to Husbandry, by expanding the Consumption of American Produce, to encourage British Manufactures by enabling the Petitioners to make good their Payments, and to increase the Royal Revenue by an additional Import of Wines into Great Britain, will not be confident with the united Interests both of the Mother Country and her Colonies; and that the Petitioners conceive the North American Fishery to be an Object of the highest national Importance; that nothing is so essential fortho Support of Navigation, since by employing annually so great a Number of Shipping, it constitutes a respect* able Nursery for Seamen, and is so clearly advanta-, geous for Remittances, in Payment so^ British Manufee*

tttT*

American

Trade,

160

16° — 17* Febrmrii.

A. 1767.

tures; that the Petitioners therefore humbly presume, that it will becheriflied by the House with every possible Mark of Indulgence and every Impediment be remov-. ed, which tends to check its Progress; that the enlarg-, ing the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty, is another Part of the Statute of the Fourth of His present Majesty, very grievous to the Trade and Navigation of the Colonies, and oppressive to the Subject; the Property of the Trader being open to the Invasion of every Informer, and the Means of Justice so remote as to be scarcely attainable; that the Petitioners beg Leave to express the warmest Sentiments of Gratitude, for the Advantages intended by Parliament, to America in general, in the opening Free Ports at the I Hands of Jamaica and Dominica; yet at the same Time, they cannot but lament, that it is their Unhappiness to be in no Condition to reap the Benefits which, it was imagined, would flow from so wife a Policy; that the collecting great Quantities of the Produce of Martinico, Gaudaloupe, ko. at thelfland of Dominica, will be the natural Consequence of opening that Port, and would prove of real Importance to those Colonies, were they at Liberty to bring them back, in return for their Lumber and Prci-visions; but, as they are now prohibited from taking anything, exceptMolaffes, and, it isjuftJy apprehended, there cannot be a sufficient Quantity of that Commodity to support any considerable Trade, the Petitioners think it evident that no substantial Advantage can be derived to them under such a Reliraint; that they are, at the same Time, at a Loss to discern the Principle on which the Prohibition is founded; for, since Sugar may be imported direct from the foreign Islands, it seems much more reasonable, to suffer it from a Free Port belonging to Great Britain-, that the Petitioners therefore humbly hope, that the House will think it equitable to adapt this Trade to their Circumstances, by granting them Liberty to import into the Colonies all West India Productions, in exchange for their Commodities; and that, upon the Whole, with the greatest Anxiety, the Petitioners find themselves obliged to inform the House, that although, at the last Session, the Necessity of relieving the Trade of those Colonies seems to have been universally admitted, and the tender Regard of Parliament for their Ilappiness highly distinguished, nevertheless, Experience has evinced, that the Commercial Regulations, then enacted, instead of remedying, have increased the heavy Burthen under which it already laboured; as, therefore, upon due Consideration, it will be manifest, that the Ability of those Colonies, to purchase the Manufactures of Great Britain, immediately depends upon, and is infeparately connected with, the Progress of their Commerce; and as that Ability only, by removing the Necelfity of Home Manufactures, will leave them at Liberty to pursue Agriculture, in which their trueInterest consists: Therefore praying the House lo take the several Matters, in the said Petition suggested, into their Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein as shall be thought confident with good Policy, and the mutual Interest of Great Britain and her Colonies.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Rejoiced, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morningjiext, refolveTtfelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Mart is, 170 die Februarii;

Anno 70 Georgii IIP Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

MR. Blackstone reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Welt' End of Thames Street, in the City of Oxford, over Bothy Causeway, to the Turnpike Road near FiHeld, in the County of Berks: was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with, the Amendments, b« ingrossed; s

Ordered, That Mr. Robinson, Mr. Pelham, Dr. Hay, Lord Thomond, Lord Dcnvne, Lord'Browntow Bertie, Sir Matthew Lamb, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Worjley, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and others of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, 011 behalf of themselves and others, it referred.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosinga certain Common and Waste Ground, called Bentham. Moor, within the Manor of Ingleton, in the West Riding erf the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, such Part of certain Commons and Waste Grounds, called Bentham Moor, as lieth within the Manor of Ingleton', in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Shnttlexvorth do carry the BiH to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Theodore Van Tcy-lingen, an Infant, was read the Third ifime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Theodore Van Ttylingen, an Infant. '

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry ‘the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, repairing, and widening, several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, repairing, and widening1, several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford. '

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley da carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees acting under the Will of John Addenbrooke, Doctor of Physic, so stir as the same relates to the hiring, fitting up, purchasing, or erecting, an Hospital in the Town of Cambridge, and of several Gentlemen, Clergy and otters Subscribers towards making the said Hospital a General Hospital, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred^That the Committee had examined the Matter

of

Oxford,

over

Borley

Causeway,

Road.

York Road,

Bentham

Moor

Inclosura*

TevUngeiTi

Nat.

Radnorfhuc

Road*

Addenbrooke

Hospital,

Cambridge.

7 Geo. III. 170 Februarii. 161

of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Will of the said John Addenbrooke was read, whereby he gave all his personal Estate, after his Debts and ‘ Legacies were paid, to Trustees therein named, upon Trail, to hire, fit up, purchase, or erect, a Building fit for a small Physical Hospital, in the Town of Cambridge; and willed that any poor Tick Person of any Parish or County should be admitted into the said Hospital, if there should be Room, and the Revenue would answer.

Then a Decree of the High Court of Chancery, made the 20th Day of June 1758, was read, whereby it was ordered, that a Mailer of the said Court should appoint new Trustees for executing the said Trull; and an Order of a Mailer of the said Court, dated the First Day of July 1758, was read, whereby new Trustees were appointed, in pursuance of the said Order.

Mr. John Haggajion produced the original Account Book, signed by the said Trustees, whereby it appeared, that they have laid out in the Purchase of Lands and Tenements, and inbuilding and furnishing an Hospital, the Sum of £.4,010. 3 s. of d.; and that, by the said Expences, some great Losses, Taxes, and Law Charges, their Capital is now reduced to £. 1,804. 16 s. 4*/.

And Mr. Haggajion, being examined, said, That the said Sum is insufficient for carrying on so good a Design; and that several Noblemen and others have entered into a voluntary Subscription for making the said Hospital a General Hospital, and that the Sums following had been subscribed for that Purpose before Christmas lall, viz. £.478. 7s. for building, and £.235. gs. for general Use, besides an annual Subscription of £.472. 11s. od.

Then he produced to your Committee, a Paper, signed by a Majority of the said Trustees, whereby they desire to be enabled to give up the said Trull, in order to efle&uate the Plan of making the said Hospital a General Hospital.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing and well governing a General Hospital, to be called Addenbrooke's Hospital, in the Town of Cambridge: And that Sir John Hynde Cotton, the Lord Carysfort, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Jcnyns, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. Cadogan, and Mr. John Yorke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

t Cubbington A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open lodouire, and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Cubbington, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger Newdigale, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Walter Ba-got, Sir Matthew Lamb, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Fuller, Lord Strange, Sir Charles Hardy, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Craven, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Archer, Mr. Penton, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Bull, Mr. Pryje Campbell, Mr. Drax, Mr. Rajhleigh, Lord George Sack-vide, Mr. Weddell, the Lord Advocate, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Filzherbert,lSh. Sandys, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Holt, Sir Alexander Grant, Lord Catherlough; and all the'Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, Oxford, Northampton, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

St. George A Petition of the ReClor, Church-warden, and Over-lhep^£tfr ^eers ^ie anc^ several Inhabitants of that Part an of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, wjiich lies above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants of the said Part of

Vol. 31.

the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners find a Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said County, hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making the said Parish of Saint George the Martyr a separate and distinct Parish from that of Saint Andrew, Holborn, in respect to the Rates for Relief of the Poor, and for repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, belonging to the fame, and in all other Respects, with fu£hPowers and Provisions, for the Benefit of the said Parish of Saint George the Martyr, as to the House should seem meet $ and that these Petitioners represent to the House, that the said Parish of Saint George the Martyr chiefly consists of well-built Houses, inhabited by Persons of Fortune; and that a great Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, which lies above the Bars, consists of small Houses, and are for the most Part inhabited by the lower Sort of People, who are not of Ability to contribute to the Rates necessary for relieving the Poor, repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the said Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn; and that in the last Session of Parliament, an Act was passed for the better regulating and employing the Poor, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the said Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, and the said Parish of Saint George the Martyr; and that the Purposes for which the said Act was passed, have been already, in many Respects, carried into Execution; and that, if the said Parish of Saint George the Martyr should be divided and separated, in the Manner proposed by the said Petition, such Division and Separation would be very oppressive and injurious to the Petitioners, and others resident within the said Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew,

Holborn: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the Committee to whom the said Petition is referred, and have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Inhabitants within the said Parish, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the said Committee.

A Bill for the more effectual draining and pre- Berwick, serving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the &c. Hamlet of Benwick, in the Parish of Doddington, Whit- Drainage. tie fey, Ramsey, and Farcet, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Gage, Sir Roger Newdigale, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Penton, Mr. Bull, Mr. Burrell, Lord Carysfort,

Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. White, Sir Matthew Lamb,

Mr. OJbaldefion, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Molineux, Mr. Holt,

Mr. Rigby, Lord Villiers, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fon-iiereau, Mr. Cooke, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Bejt, Mr.

Milks, Mi*. Drake, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Drax, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Weddell, M r. Clevland, M r.

Praed, Lord George Sac kville, Mr. Southwell, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sandys, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Rajhleigh,

T t Mr.

162

1.78 Febru

A. 1767.

Mr. Barrow, Mr. Pryfe Campbell-, and all the Members who serve-for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, Norfolk, Northampton, and Suffolk r And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

5t Bot;o!ph Sir William Beauchamp Proctor reported from the (London) Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwarden lrect*’ and Overseers of the Poor, of that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, which lies in the County of Middlesex, and also of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the principal Inhabitants, as well of that Part of the said Parish of Saint Botolph, which lies within the County of Middle-fer, as of the Precinct of the Tower without, in His Majesty’s Liberty of the Tower of London, and of several of the Inhabitants of Houses in that Part of a Street called East Smithjteld, which lies in the Precinct of Saint Catherine near the Tower; and also the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, which lies in the County of Middlesex; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said First-mentioned Petition, Samuel Hawley, Esquire, being examined, said, That the several Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, Highways, and other Places within the said Parish, are not sufficiently paved and cleansed, nor are the same properly lighted in the Night Time, nor is the Nightly Watch sufficiently regulated; and that several Nuisances and Inoroachments have been made within and upon the said Streets and Passages.

That Part of the Street called East SmitJifieldlics within the Precinct of Saint Catherine's, adjoining to the said Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, which is like-wife ill paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched.

That it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Parish and Precinct, if they were enabled to pave, clean, light, and watch, the said Streets and Passages, and to remove the present Nuisances and Incroachments, and to prevent the same for the future.

Jasper Clark, Esquire, confirmed the above Evidence.

To prove the Allegations of the Secoud-mentioned Petition;

Mr. John Hirft, being examined, said, That there are great Numbers of Poor Persons in the said Parish, who would be greatly affected by a Tax; but that if a Toll Bar was erected in Tome commodious Part of the said Parish, and a fmoll Toll paid for the Passage of Carriages and Horses, to be applied to the Purposes before-mentioned, it would not only be a great Benefit to the poorer Sort of Inhabitants, but likewise be a Means of facilitating the feud Undertaking.

That the properest Place to erect this Toll Bar, would be at the Maypole in East Smithfield, act it would not assess any Persons but those that go to and from the Wharfs in St. Catherine's.

Mr. Thomas Sanfum confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Hirft.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, and lighting, that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph zcithout Aldgate, which lies in the County of Midxllesex, and the Precinct of the Tower without, and Part of a Street called East Smith field, in the Precinct of Saint Catherine, and for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the same: And that Sir William Beauchamp Proctor and Mr. Cooke dq prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bratten Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Corner whom the Petition of several of the Truliees, appoiut-

ed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads, leading from between the Second and Third Mile Stones, on the Turnpike Road,-between the Town and County of Poole and Winborn Minster, in the County of Dorset, to Bratton Corner, in the County of Somerset, and also of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living near, and usually travelling, the said Roads, and also other Roads ki the said Petition mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards* delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; 'viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; And,

Mr. John Oliver being examined, said, That the Trustees met in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act; but nothing was done at that Meeting, many Difficulties arising in the Execution thereof.

That if the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Briaifton, to the End of the Lane lying near, or leading to, an House called Fontleroy's Farm House, was well and effectually repaired and widened, instead of the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road in the Parish Of Brianfton aforesaid, to Bratton Comer, in the said Act mentioned, it would be more beneficial to Trade and Commerce, and the Public in general; as thereby a Communication would be opened between the High Road to Sherborne, and the Town and County of Poole, and the Towns of Blandford and Winborn Minster; but by reason of the ruinous Condition of the said Road, and the Narrow-ness thereof in some Places, the same cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, alter, land amend, an Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from between the Second and Third Mile Stones, on the Turnpike Road, between the Town and County of Poole, and Winborn Minster, in the County of Dorset, to Bratton Corner, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road in Brianfton, to or near a House called Fontleroy's Farm House^ in the County of Dorset: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Drax do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord George Sackville reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties of Kent and Suffer, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Race; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Francis Austin, Esquire, being examined, said, That he knows the Roads described in the Petition; that they are, in many Places, deep and founderous, and in others narrow and incommodious; and cannot be repaired and Widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. James Collis, being examined, said. That he has surveyed the said Roads. He confirmed Mr. Austin'o Evidence; and added, that it will be necessary to purchase Lands for widening the said Roads, in many Places, they being at present so narrow, that a Horse c&nnot pass by a Carriage.

Ordered, That Leavfe be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley and Famborough, in the County of Kent, to Beggar's Bush, in the Turnpike Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, to

Maresfield,

and Famborough Roads.

f Geo. III. if° F 163

Maresfield, in the County of Sussex: And that Lord TParish, from the Turning towards Kew Bridge, to a George Sackville and Mr. FuUer do prepare, and bring Street called The Half Acre-, was read a Second Time, in the fame. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William

Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Peulon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Wynn, Chorley The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to Sir Matthew Lamb, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Montagu, Mr. luclofore. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Com- Fonnereau, Mr. OJbaldston, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Town-mons, or Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Chor- / field, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Crefwell, Sir Jofiph Mawbey, Mr. ley, in the CoAnty Palatine of Lancaster, was re-com- Shiffner, Mr. Holt, Mr. Fane, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Camp-mitted. That the Committee had made several other bell, Mr. Drax, Mr. Pennant, Lord Catherlough, Lord Amendments to the Bill 3 which they had directed him Orwell, Lord Strange, Sir Charles Hardy, Lord George to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Sackville, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Byde Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Seymour, MV: Dyfon, Mr. Martin, Mr. Praed, Mr. Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table: Where, the Bond, LordCary fort, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Bacon, Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Mr Shuttleworth, Mr. Thiirlow, Lord Robert Bertie; and Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middle-severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. fix, Bucks, Berks, Surrey, and Wilts; and for the City Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be of London And they are to meet this Afternoon at iiigrossed. Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Kmgfton Mr. Weddell imported from, the Comm it tee, to whom

U{R.oad. of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town

or Borough of Kmgfton upon Hull; and also the Petition Of the TYaftees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Authorised fot* putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upgn Huff, to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is As followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. Ralph Goforth produced the original Account Book of the said Trustees, by whicl} it appeared, that the Sum of£.2 >025 had been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, Which is fiill due, together with near a Year’s Ifiterest upon tire fame.

And lie informed your Committee, that this Motley, together with the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Act, had been duly applied ift repairing the Road leading from the said Town of Kingston upon HuU, to and through the Town of Anlaby, and other the Purposes of the said Act; and that the said Road hath been, very well repaired; but, by reason of the great Expences attending the Repair thereof, no Part of the Money could be spared for the Repair of the several Roads leading from the End of the Middle Lane of Anlaby to the Town of Kirk Ella, and to Mare's Gate in Swanland Fields, As the said Act directs, in case the Money to arise from the Tolls thereby granted should be more than sufficient to put the said First-mentioned Road in good Repair, and to pay Off the Money that should be borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls and that the salutary Purposes of the said Act cannot be effected, unless the said Act be further continued, and the Tolls thereby granted increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Hull, to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull: And that Mr. Weddell, Sir William Beauchamp Prodior, and Mr. OJbaldeston, do. prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Baling A Bill for the more effectual repairing, widening, Roads. and rendering commodious, the Highways within the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex; and for lighting the Street in Old Brentford\ within the said Vol. 31.

The Earl of Catherlough reported from the Commit- Northfield, tee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Bell Inn, at Nortlfield, in the County of Worcester, over Wefheath, Weathercock Hill, and The Partway, and through 171-lenhale Street, in the County of Warwick, to the Wot-ton Turnpike, situate in the great Turnpike Road leading frotri Stratford upon Avon, in the said County of Warwick to Birmingham, in the said County, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read thje Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second'Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them, were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them; agreed to by the House.

A Member returned upon a new Writ, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took Arid subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification; and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, With the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Frederick presented to the House, accor- Queenborough ding to Order, a Bill for the more effectual Mainte- Poor* nance and Relief of the Poor, of the Borough and Parish of 2ueenborough, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Penton reported from the Committee, to whom itching the Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen of the City River of Winchester, and of the principal Inhabitants of the Navigation/ said City; and of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, and Tradesmen, living in the County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Bailiffs, Approved Men, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Andover, And of the principal Inhabitants of the said Borough; and of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, ^nd Tradesmen, living in the said County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiff and Burgesses, of the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, and of the Tradesmen, and principal inhabitants, of the said Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were

severally

164 170 Februarii. A. 1767.

severally referred; That the Committee had examined ties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him Lard, and Grease, was committed, the Amendments to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the which the Committee had made to the Bill; and House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- which they had directed him to report to the House; wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s t able; Where the and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards same was read; and is as followeth; viz. delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once said Act was read: And, read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

George Durnford, Esquire, being examined, said. One; and, upon the Question severally put there* That he knows but of one Person who claims any Pro- upon, were agreed to by the House. perty in the Navigation of the River Itching, who is Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be also the foie Occupier of the said River, and frequently ingrossed. rcfufes to carry Goods of Persons applying for the fame. And, The House being informed that Mr. Collingwood,

Mr. William Header, being examined, said, That Secretary to the Hospital for the Maintenance and lie has frequently (both verbally and in Writing) ap- Education of exposed and deserted young Children, plied to the said Person for the Conveyance of Coals, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the who sometimes has refused it, and at other Times has Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, greatly varied and advanced his Prices, without giving N° 1. An Account of all Monies received and paid any Reason for so doing; that the Freight for Grain by the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for and Flour is from 4^ to 5s, a Ton; and for Coal and the Maintenance and Education of exposed and de-Culm 5.S*. ferted young Children, between the 31st Day of De-

Mr. John Moody produced to your Committee, a Bill cember 1765, exclusive, ‘ and the 31st Day of December of what he has been charged for the Conveyance of 1766, inclusive, with the Balance then remaining: Goods upon the said River; whereby it appeared,that And also,

in One Year the Freight for the same Sort of Goods N° 2. An Account of the Number of Children re-was from 1 os. 6d. to ijs.; from gs. to 15s.; and from ceived into the Hospital for the Maintenance and ys. 6d. to 12^. 6rf.; and said, that he has been charged Education of exposed and deserted young Children, differently for the Carriage of Deals, which have been on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have of the same Length and Breadth. been placed out Apprentices between the 31st Day of

And by a Bill of a Common Carrier (which was December 1765, exclusive, and the 31st Day of-Coproduced to your Committee) it appeared, that the cember 1766, inclusive: And also.

Freight of 72 Bushels of Coals was i6j*. which Mr. N° 3. An Account of the Number of Children re-Meader said by Water Carriage would have been 15^. ceived into the Hospital for the Maintenance and notwithstanding in the above-mentioned Act of Parlia- Education of exposed and deserted young Children, nient.it is provided, that the Carriage of Goods by on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have Water shall not exceed the Moiety of the Carriage by been returned to their Parents, between the 31st Day Land. of December 1765, exclusive, and the 31st Day of De-

Ami Mr. Durnford further said, That the Act is in cember 1766, inclusive: And also,

' several Instances deficient; and that some Regulations N°4. An Account of the Number of Children re-are liecessary for rendering the said Navigation fer- ceived into the Hospital for the Maintenance and viceable. Education of exposed and deserted young Children,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act died, between the 31st Day of December1765, exclu-made in the 16th and 17th Years of King Charles the five, and the 31st Day of December 1766, inclusive: ’Second, intituled, An Act for making divers Rivers And also,

navigable, or otherwise passable, for Boats, Barges, and N° 5. An Account of the Number of Children re-other Vessels, so far as the same relates to the River ceived into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Itching, running from Alresford, through Winchester, Education of exposed and deserted young Children, to the Sea, near Southampton; and for better regulating on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who were the said Navigation: And that Mr. Penton and Mr. living on the 31st Day of December 1706: And also, Thomas Townshend, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, N° 6. An Estimate of the Expence of maintaining the lame. the Children received into the Hospital for the Main-

tenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Creek* Pitt presented to the House, according to Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760,

J3rXe. Order, a Bill for building a Bridge cross Stunchouse from the 31 ft Day of December 1766, exclusive, to the Creek, from Slonehonfe to Plymouth Dock, in the County 31st Day of December 1767, inclusive.

of Devon: And the same was received; and read the And then he withdrew.

First Time. And the Titles of the said Accounts and Estimate

Bcfulved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. were read.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Importation Sir Joseph Mazvbcy, according to Order, reported Papers of this Session; and the said Estimate is

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the as followeth; viz.

cow* Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the Du-

An

Foundling

HospiuL

7 Geo. Ill

170 — 18° Februarii.

165

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of maintaining the Children received into the Hospital for the Main tenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1766, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1767, inclusive.

The Number of Children living under the Care of the Governors and Guardians of the said Hospital on the said 31st Day of December 1766, is - - - - 4,185

The Expence of maintaining whom, at £. 7. 1 os. each, amounts to £.

Thirty-one thousand Three hundred Eighty-seven Pounds and Ten Shillings.

d.

31,387 10 —

N., B. Besides the above 4,185 Children, there have been taken into this Hospital 195, most of whom were under the most distressed Circuififtauces, or Orphans of Soldiers and Sailors, whose Parents died in His Majesty’s Service; whereof 16 have been apprenticed, 5 claimed, and 56 dead; so that there are 118 Children now alive, which are wholly maintained, and provided for out of the private Donations, made to this Hospital, and are not, nor ever have been, charged to Public Account.

Signed by Order of the Committee.

Tho. ColUngwood, Secretary.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, j 8° die,

Anno 7° Georgii IIP1 Regis, 1767. Praters.

Oxford, A N ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the

Boyer jTjL Road from the West End of Thames Street, in

causeway, the City of Oxford, over Bothy causezvay, to die Turn-Road. 7 pike Road near Ft field, in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

lie/alved. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title - be,-An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Thames Street, in the City of Oxford, over Bothy causeivay, to the Turnpike Road near F{field, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Newdigate do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

St. Ivcj, The House was moved. That the Petition of the Ler, Mayor, Aldermen, Burge lies, and Inhabitants of the Town of Saint Ives, in the County o(Cornwall, and of the Gentlemen and Merchants, refilling near and trading to and from the same, which was p re fen ted to the House upon Satinday, the 31st Day of January lull, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be agaiu read. And the same being read accordingly;

Vol. 31.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

A id it is referred to Mr. Praed, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Clive, Mr. Gascoyne, Lord Strange, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Lord Grey, Mr. Sulivan,

Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Grey, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr.

Burrell, Mr. Darker, Mr. Howard, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Paulet, Sir John Gibbons, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. jFenton, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Tudzvay, Mr. Barrow, Mr.

Chauncey Townsend, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Bootle, Mr.

Lezvis, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Whately, Mr. Garth,

Mr. Pratt, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Molyneux,

Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Pa~ terfon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Somerset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Brown, Efouire, Lord of the Manor of Skerne, in the County of York, was present- Navigation, ed to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Petition offeve-ral Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and others, of the County of York, hath been presented to the House, for a Bill for extending and improving the Navigation of the Rivers Hull and the King's River, or the West Beck, from the Port of Kingston upon Hull to Great Driffield, and to Frodingham Bridge, in such Rivers, where the same are adapted for that Purpose, and in other Places, by such navigable Cuts, or Canals, and such other Works, as may be necessary for that Purpose; and that the Petitioner hath been at a great Expence in beginning to cut and dig a Cut, or Canal, across his own.

U u Land

Kingston upon Hull Road.

Koe's

and

Wolff’s

Nat.

London; Finfljury tyewr Street

166 18° Februarii. A. 1767.

Land, within the Manor and Parish of Skerne, from the said Rivers Hull, and the King's River, or the West Beck, to the Old Paper Mill, in the Parish of Great Driffield, which lies within the Distance of Half a Mile, or thereabouts, from Driffield aforesaid, which the Petitioner intends to make navigable; and the Petitioner apprehends, and is advised, that if his said intended Cut was perfected, the same might be completed at One Fourth of the Expence of the Cuts, or Canals, proposed or intended, by the said Petition, and answer all the reasonable Ends and Purposes proposed to be attained by the said Petition: And therefore praying, That the Petitioner may be heard, by himself, or his Counsel, before the Committee, to whom the said Petition stands referred, or before the House, against the said Petition, or against such Bill as may be brought in, in Consequence thereof, or that the House will grant the Petitioner such Relief as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and others, of the County of York, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, is referred.

Mr. Weddell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Hull, to and through the Town of An-labij, and from thence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull: And the same was received; and read the First Time Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Koe and George Wolff] was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Koe and George Wolff.

Ordered, That Sir Jarret Smith do carryThe Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, as well on behalf of themselves, as many others, Owners and Inhabitants of Houses, lying between the Mansion-house of the City of London, and the Opening, or Passage, where Moorgate flood, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Petition is presented by several Merchants, Traders, and others, for a Bill for opening a new Street, from the Mansion-house aforesaid, to communicate with the Prebendal Estate of Halliivell, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that these Petitioners apprehend, that should so much of the intended Scheme take place, as may tend to the Opening a new Street, from the Mansion-house to the Place where Moorgate formerly flood, and no farther, the same cannot be carried into Execution without pulling down and demolishing 300 Houses, and upwards, the Rents of which amount to^. 6,000. a Year at least; and that the Number of Houses to be built, in lieu thereof, will not amount to more than Fourscore, or thereabouts; and that several of the Petitioners, some of whom have purchased the Freehold and Inheritance of their respective Houses, and others, who are possessed of Leases for long Terms of Years, have laid out very large Sums of Money in repairing and improving their respective Estates, for the better enabling them to carij on and follow their respective Trades and Occupations; and that a great Number of Houses* situate in Cornhill, ThreadnecdLc Street, Bartholomew Lane, and other Places, near The Bank of England, have lately been pulled down for the better Accommodation of the Bank, by wrhich Means the Occupiers thereof have been very much difirefi'ed, for w ant of proper Habitations to carry

lJ

on their respective Trades, and Houses are thereby become extremely scarce, and greatly inhanced in the Rents; and should the proposed demolifliing Plan take place, the Petitioners apprehend, it will be wholly impossible for many of them to accommodate themselves at any Rate: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the Petition as affects them, and to grant them such other Relief in the Premises as to the I louse shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to w hom the Petition , of the several Merchants, Traders, and others, residing^ within or constantly resorting to, the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred; and that these Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That, Mr. Charles Morgan have Leave to Leave go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary AWh*ce. Occasions.

Mr. Walsh reported from the Committee to whom $t. Maitm’i the Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Church, Martin, within the City of Worcester, was committed, Worcefkr. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments therereunto; which they had directedhim to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are stanwell thereunto subscribed, being Owners, or Occupiers, of Inclosure. Cottages or Tenements in the Parish of Stamvell, in the County of Midcllefex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is now depending, for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the said Parish of Stamvell; and that the Petitioners, in Right of their said Cottages and Tenements, are severally entitled to Common of Pasture for their Cattle and Sheep, tipon all the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Lands, at all Times of the Year, except for Sheep, without any Stint whatsoever; as also a Right of intercommonin" their Cattle and Sheep, writh those of the Tenants of divers other Manors, at all Times in the Year, upon the large Common called Hoimjlozo Heath’, and the Petitioners, in the Rights aforesaid, are also entitled to, and do enjoy Common of Turbary on the said Commons, and Heath, and that the Lord of the Manor of Stanxpell lately caused Part of the said Moors within the said Parish, to be fenced in, and inclosed with Pales for his own foie and separateUfe, without the Consent of the Petitioners and other Persons entitled to a Right of Common therein, which said Pales have been since pulled down by several of the Petitioners and others, against whom several Actions have been commenced by the Lord of the said Manor, in order to try the Petitioners said Right of Common therein, all of which Actions are now depending; and that the Petitioners apprehend, and believe, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Legality of the Petitioners said Rights will be left to the Determination of Commissioners unqualified to judgeof the fame; and that qi case the Petitioners said Rights should be allowed by such Commissioners, that no adequate Compensation in Land will or can be awarded to

the

S ff u

*j: Geo. III.

18 °'Februarit.

the Petitioners for the fame; and that the dividing and inclosing the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Lands Within the said Parish, will greatly injure and distress many: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ditto* A Petition oi George Richard Carter, Esquire, Samvel

Clark, Esquire, Jervoise Clark, Esquire, John Bullock, Esquire, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Farms and Lands in the Parish otStanwell, in the County of Middlesex, was also presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners, in Right of the said Farms, as also the Owners of near One Hundred Cottages or Tenements within the saidParish, and their respective Tenants, are severally entitled to, and do enjoy. Common of Pasture for their Cattle and Sheep, upon all the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the said Parish, at all Times of the Year, except for Sheep, lyithout any Stint or Proportion whatsoever, and a Right of intercommoning with the Tenants of several other Manors, at all Times in the Year, and without Stint, in, over, and upon, Hounjbw Heath-, and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, Commons, Moors, and Waste Lands, in the said Parish, will be attended with very great Inconvenience to the Petitioners, without any adequate Advantage to them: And therefore praying, that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, or Lammas Lands, Commons, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Stame ell and Ilemonds, alias Shipcot, and Parish of Stamvell, in the County of Middlesex, be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are then to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Tomorrow Seven-night, the 26th Day of this Instant February.

Account The House being informed that Mr. Piggott, from jwfented; the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; I!!}?1* he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

*' pursuant to their Order,

An Account Of the Amount of the Bounties, which have been paid upon Ships employed in the Whale Fishery, to Davis's Straits, and the Greenland Seas, from Christmas 1752 to Christmas 1766; distinguishing the Bounties paid in each Year, by the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Customs in England.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, His Majesty’s British Sub j efts, concerned in the Whale Fishery, on behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said Fishery, is referred.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

East India The House being informed, that Mr. James, from the

Affairs, United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, attended at the Door; he Was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Nudjum ul Doivla, the Vol. 31.

167

present Nabob of Bengal, to Lord Clive, and the Gen* tlemen of the Select Committee, on Lord Clive's Arrival, in May 1765: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a List of Presents received, by feve* ral Persons, from the Nabob, and his Ministers, according to the Narrative delivered into the Select Committee, in June 1765, by Mehomed Reza Khan 1 And also*

N° 3. Copies of all Letters and Correspondence carried on between the Commanders of His Majesty’s Land and Sea Forces, and the Servants of the East India Company, from the Time of the Surrender of Pondicherry, to the Delivery of the said Place into the Hands of the East India Company.

Together with a List of the said Papers*

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session*

An ingrossed Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be li- Importation mited, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Du* ties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Maxvbey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr* Edwards and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act Chestettcw for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Iaclofur* Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Manor of Chesterton, in the County of Oxford, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sandford for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Inclosure* Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Sand-ford, in the County of Oxford, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mandrot^ for naturalizing Samuel Mandrot, without any Amend- Nat*

,ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Importation for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat of Z[hea£ Flour, free of Duty, from any Part of Europe, for a further Time than is allowed by any Act made in this Session of Parliament; and for permitting the free Importation of Barley, Barley-meal, and Pulse, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act Army; for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Mutiny Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Dighton*« veiling the Estate of James Lucy Dighton, an Infant, in the Parish of Sherborn, in the County of Oxford, iii Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money for discharging Incumbrances alfefting the fame* pursuant to the Directions of the Court of Chancery j to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. '

And then the Messenger withdrew*

Sir Edward Hawke, from the Commissioners for exe- Account cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Bri* presented; tain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Wheat, *c< An Account of the Quantity, Quality, and Species, of Wheat and Flour, of which the Bread supplied to

tha

High Price of

Provision*.

High Price of Corn.

Ways and Means.

' Supply.

168 18’ — 19*

the Ships in Ordinary of His Majesty’s Navy is made, with the Charges of manufacturing the fame, and the Produce thereof by the Quarter, hated at the Standard Weight of Wheat," in the Contracts, made by the Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty’s Navy (it not being in the Power of the said Commissioners to ascertain-the Medium Weight of Wheat) and according to the Prices of such Wheat, from 32 to 54 Shillings per Quarter; distinguishing each Article of the said Charge. And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, to consider further of the present high Price of Provisions;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of thfc whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn;

'Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

*4.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Charles Tozvn/hend, E[’quire, late Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from 25th January 1766* to 3d February 1767, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Lord North, and George Cooke, Esquire, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the iiitAuguJl 1766 to the 3d of February 1767, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1767, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pateifon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee tb move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to - His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Februarii. 1767*

Jovis, 190 die Februarii;

Anno 70 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

S\RDERED, That Lord Beauchamp, and Mr. WeJt, Spemal Afc. be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for *c* repairing and widening the Road from Spernal Ash, in oa . the County of Warwick, through Studley, to a Street called Digbeth, in the Town of Birmingham, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act P^liton’* for vesting the Eft ate of James Lucy Dighton, an Infant, tllale, in the Parish of Sherborn, in the County of Oxford, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, pursuant to the Directions of the Court of.

Chancery, was read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Darker reported from the Committee, to whom the ingross’ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Baumgartner, was committed; Nat. and to whom the Petition of Amable I)o£t was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the-Committee had considered the said Petition, and thereupon had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. i. 1. 1. Leave out " befeeebeth," and insert " beseech" instead thereof.

1. 6. AfterGeneva," inlert " and Amable Daft, Son of Peter Daft and Francis his Wife, born at Ris, in the Province of Auvergne, in the Kingdom of France P

1. 9. Leave out " his," and insert " their" instead thereof.

1. 17. Leave out " he," and insert " they " in- stead thereof.

I.18. After " Baumgartner," insert " and Amable Doclf and leave out " is," and insert " are" instead thereof.

1. 21. Leave out " a."

1. 22. Leave out " SubjecV," and insert " Subjects " instead- thereof.

I.23. Leave out " he is," and insert" they are" instead thereof.

1. 27. Leave out " he," and insert " they " instead thereof; and leave out "a Subject," and insert " Subjects " instead thereof.

1. 29. After " that," insertcc they."

1. 30. After " Baumgartner," insert " and Amable Dost " and leave out " is," and inlert " are " instead thereof.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon agreed to by the House.

Sir Anthony Abdy presented to the House, according Tarn Moor to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain lftclosure; Common, called the Tarn Moor, in the Township of Skipton, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for applying the Produce thereof towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Township: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition

7 Geo. III.

19° Februarii.

Coin River A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble to Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are ^aCana?0nC ^iereunt0 subscribed, being Owners, or Inhabitants of Houses, and other Estates, in the Parish of Saint James's: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners, or Inhabitants of Houses, and other Estates, in the Parish of Saint Ann's, Soho: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners, or Inhabitants of Houses, and other Estates, in the Parish of Saint Martin's in the Fields: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners, or Inhabitants of Houses, and other Estates, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square: And also,

Ditto. A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Houses, and other Estates in, and Inhabitants 6f, the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlfex, on Behalf of themselves, and others; ,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Petition hath been ptefented to the House, for a Bill, among other Things, to bring Water, by a Canal, from a Branch: of the River Colne, near Uxbridge, to a Place at or near William's Farm House, in the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, for the better Supply of the said Parishes with Water; and that these Petitioners represent, that fuchSupply of Water will be of very great Utility and Convenience to them, and many other Inhabitants of the said Parishes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and that such Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, is referred.

Hcdoa Captain Dennis presented to the House, according Road, to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the 18 th Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Sacred Gale, on the South East Side of the Town of Hedon, in the East Riding of the County of York, though the said Town, to Hull North Bridge j and for amending the Road, from the present Turnpike Bar in Wyton Holmes, through the Townships of Wyton and Sproatley, to the Guide Post ip Flinton Lane, near Humbleton Moor House, in the same Riding: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Yaxley The Lord Hinchingbrook reported from the Com-luclosure. mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pasture, and Waste Grounds, and also the Marsh and Fenny Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Yaxley, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read/.

Apd a Member returned upon a new Writ, having A Member taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Decla- takes Gyration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The Amendments made by the Committee to the Yaxley said Bill, were severally read a Second Time; and, upon Inclosure. the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Weddell presented to the House, according to Kingston Order, a Bill for making Docks and other Conveniences, uP£n J* ul* for the Use and Accommodation of Ships, lengthen- oc s’ ing the South-end Jetty, erecting Dolphins and other Works, ib the Haven and Port of the To\yn of Kingston upon Hull, and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty to those Uses: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Offices indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify and themselves for Offices and Employments; and to in- rapoyracnts* demnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants/ and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for* those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, whose Admfftions have been omitted to be stamped, according to the several Acts now in Force for that Purpose; or, having been stamped, have been loft or pijflaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerics to Attornies and Solicitors: And that Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Shiffner, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Rice, and Mr. Pennant, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Julliott, from Account the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; presented; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to Pubbc Ccbt' their Order,

An Account of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, standing out the 5th Day of January 1767, (being Old Christmas Day) with the Annual interest, or other Charges payable for the fame.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Vo l. 31.

X x

To

g

eg’

'n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

OQ

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assemble<l.

An ACCOUNT of all the Pujyc Debts at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, Standing out the 5th Day of January 1767 (being Old Christmas Day)

with the Annual interest, or other Charges, payable for the fame.

EXCHEQUER.

Annuities for long Terms, being the Remainder of theoriginal Sum contributed and unfubferibed to the South Sea Company

Ditto--for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, being the original Sum contributed - -

Ditto — for Two and Three Lives, being the Sum remaining after what is fallen in by Deaths -

Exchequer Bills made out for the Interest of old Bills -

Annuities for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, granted by an Act $° Georgii 3tU Rs. being the original Sum contributed -

Note, The Land Taxes and Duties on Malt, tAc. being* annual Grants, are not charged in tins Account, nor the £. 1,000,000 charged on the Deduction of td. per Lib. on PensionsJ nor the £.1,800,000 borrowed Anno 1766, and charged on the Supplies, Atmo 1767,

EAST / N D I A COM P A N Y.

By Two A As of Parliament, 90 WiHi. 3 d1 R!, and Two other AAs 6° et g° Am* Regin*, at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum -.

Annuities at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum A* 1744, charged on the Surplus of the additional Duties on JLow Wines* Spirits, and Strong Waters

BANK OF ENGLAND.

On their original Fund at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. from the ift of August 1743 - - - - ~

For cancelling Exchequer Bills, 30 Georgii primi Regts - " - - , - -

Purchased of the South Sea Company - - - - , -

Annuities at £. 3 p<r Cent, per Atm. charged on the Surplus of the Funds for Lottery 1714 . - - - . r -

Ditto- - ac£. 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Duties on Coals, since Lady Day 1719 - r.

Ditto . - — - - ' J — *-- tv-.:-.. — r -t--fi:

Ditto

Ditto

the Ad 6° Gii. jiu jgt Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto -6° Gii.

Ditto - - at £. 4 per Cent, charged on the Sinking Fund, by the AA z° Gii. tertii R*

Ditto- - at £. 4 per Cent, per Atm. charged on the additional Duties on Wines, by the AA 30 Gii. tertii Rs. -

Ditto* — at £. 4per Cent, per Atm. Residue of £. 31483,553. i. 10. charged on the Sinking Fund, in lieu of Navy Bills, tAc, subscribed, after paying off £. 50 per pursuant to the AAs 50 et 6° Gii. tertii Rs....

Georgii tertii Regie on Houses and Wim

dows by

at £ 3£ per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Duties on Offices and Pensions, (Ac. granted by the AA 310 Gii. zdi Rs, and Duty on Houses and 3Ui Rs -

-1

34,627,8*1 s

500,000

'7OIi323

1,483,000

Windows by the AA

Principal Debt.

Annual Interest, or other Charges payable for the fame.

I7>701,323 16 4 J

Cent, of that Capital,

Memorandum; The Subscribers of £. too to the Lottery 1745, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of 9/. a Ticket, which amounted to £. 22,500, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in, to £. 17,314. 15. And the Subscribea of £. 100 to the Lottery 1746, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of 18/. a Ticket, which amounted to £.45,000, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in, to £.34*463. And the Subscribers of £.100 for £.3 per Cent. Annuities, Anno 1757, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of £. 1. 2. 6. which amounted to £ 33,730, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in, to £. 31,538. 15. And the Subscribers of £, 100 for £.3 per Getit. Annuities Anno 1761, were allowed an Annuity for 99 Years of £. 1, 2. 6. amounting, with the Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to £*130,053. 10. 3. And the Contributors to £. 12,000,000 for the Service of the Year 1762, were entitled to Annuities for 98 Years of £. 1 per Cent*per Ann. which, with the Charges of Management, amount to the Sum of £.121,687. 10. which Annuities for go and 98 Years, were consolidated by the AA 40 Georgii tertii R*t all which Annuities are an Increase of the Annual Interest, but cannot be added to the Public Debt, as no Money was advanced fer the same ....

On their Capital Stock and Annuities, 90 Georgii primi Regis Annuities at £. 3 per Cent. Ao 1751, charged on the Sinking Fund

SOUTH SEA COMPANY.

Exchequer, the 19th Day of February 1767,

£ P. Julliott.

1,836,275

108,100

72,805

2,200

18,000

3,200,000

1,000,000

3*200,000

500,000

4,000,000

1.250.000 1,750*000

986,800

35,127,8*1

'9>l83.3*3

1.500.000

-4,500,000

2«,240,000

3,500,000

d.

ioi]

14 10$

5

16

1 i

4

i,74*»776 10 11

25,025,309 13

2,100,000 -9-

130,842,412 19 . 11\

£ * 136*453 7,567 —

8,861 12

540 —

97,285 14

30,401 »s

100,000 — 15,000 — 121,898 3

37,$oo —

52,500 — 29,604 —

z,07z, S88 5

585,546 14

53*343 J5

160,031 5

820,985 — 141,968 15

16

d.

8

70,650

335*°79

76 mi6

64,18'

4,707,2*3 7 4

LgL\'y 'luvnuqaj 06i o


7 Geo. III. 190 — 20° 171

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the as may reduce the Charge thereof within much nar-Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. rower Limits, and at the fameTime be in every Respetft.

more advantageous to His Service;

Supply Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the It passed in the Negative.

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed!; viz.

llefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Fifteen thousandNine hundred and Seventeen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Five Pence be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces and other Services, incurred *to the Third Day of 1 February, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, and not provided for by Parliament. ’

liefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Six thousand Eighty-three Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

' A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Resolution be re-committed; ,

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, wras, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to, by the House.

Motion A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-Tespecting posed, That an humble Address be presented to His Extras* Majesty, to express the Concern of this House, at the America, grievous and heavy Charge, which, they observe, has been lately brought upon this Country, for Services not authorized by Parliament; and which, before the Commencement of the last War, were constantly defrayed by the Colonies; and humbly to represent to His Majesty, that itisindispensably necessary, strictly and

efle&ually to restrain the boundless Expences for Extraordinaries in America; and, as an enormous and unprecedented Expence has been incurred, by maintaining a large Number of Troops in the Out Posts of North America, humbly to submit to His Majesty’s Wisdom, whether the greater Part of the said d roops may not now be stationed in such a Manner, as may reduce the Charge thereof within much narrower Limits, and at the same Time be in every Respect more advantageous to His Service;

A Motion was made, and the Question proposed, That the House do now adjourn.

Which Motion was, with Leave of the House, 1 withdrawn.

Then the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to express the Concern of this House, at the grievous and heavy Charge, which, they observe, has been lately brought upon this Country, for Services not authorized by Parliament; and which, before the Commencement of the last War, 4 lvere constantly defrayed by the Colonies; and humbly

to represent to His Majesty, that it is indispensably ne-eeflary, strictly and effectually to restrain the boundless Expences for Extraordinaries in America; and, as an enormous and unprecedented Expence has been incurred, by maintaining a large Number of Troops in the Out Posts of North America, humbly to submit to His Majesty’s Wisdom, w hether the greater Part of the said Troops may not now be stationed in such a Manner, Vol. 31.

A Motion was made, and the Question proposed, Motion That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, for p*?er$5 > that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, lamalcm* that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Informations received by the Secretary of State, or the Board of Trade, relative to the Disputes betweien the Governor and Assembly of the Island of Jamaica, on the Claim of Privilege made by the said Assembly, and their Refusal to make the usual Provision for His Majesty’s Troops in the said Island; and likewise Copies of all Orders of Council, and Directions from the Board of Trade, in consequence thereof.

And a Motion being made. That the House do now adjourn;

The said Motion for the Address was, with Leave of the House, w ithdrawn.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 20° die Februarii;

Anno 7° Georgii IIP1 Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

f)RD E RED, That Mr. Burrard be added to the Spernal Aftu Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and &c*

widening the Road from Spemal Ash, in the County of Road’

Warwick, through Studley, to a Street called Digbeth, in the Town of Birmingham, is committed.

Sir Ellis Cunliffe reported frQm the Committee, to Liverpool whom the Petition of the Mayor Bailiffs, and Common New Chun*#* Council, of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Parishioners of Liverpool, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had direCfced him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio weth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an ACfc made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign was produced, whereby it appeared, that several Persons therein named were appointed Trustees for building Two Churches within the said Town; and the said Trustees were impowered to raise any Sum of Money not exceeding £. 4,000 for finishing the Church of St. Paul.

' Mr. John Hope, Surveyor, informed your Committee, that the said Trustees had already expended the Sum of £. 4,252. os. 6 id.; and that the said Church is not yet half finished; and he produced an Estimate of the Money necessary to finifti the said Church, amounting to £. 5,296. is. which cannot be raised without the further Aid of Parliament; and that the said Act has been found infufljcient for the Purposes thereby intended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an A<$1 of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for erecting and buildingTwo new Churches, and providing Burial Places in the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Sir Ellis Cunliffe, the Lord Strange, Sir William Meredith, and Mr. Shultleworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill

Layton

Hawes

Inclosure.

Chorley

Inclosure.

Ruddmirton

inclosure.

Lenton

and

Radnor

Inclosure.

Yaxley

Inclosure.

Bishop

Soil

Drainage

U c.

172 200 Februarii. A. 1767.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Waste Grounds and Sand Hills, called Layton Hawes, within the Manor of Layton, in the Parities of Poulton and hifpham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Refolwd, That the Bill be committed to Lord Strange, Mr. Stuffner, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Webb, Mr. Coutts, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Legh, Mr. Crefwell, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Lascelles, Sir William Meridith, Mr. Burt, Mr. Fomfier, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Paterson, Sir Edmund Isham, Lord Broxonlow Bertie, Lord Cat her-lough, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Upton, Mr. Darker, Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir John Major, the Lord Advocate, Mr. Ofxvald, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fuller, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Alderman Harley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, York, Durham, Northumberland, Westmorland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Chorley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons, or Waste Grounds within the Manor of Chorley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Plumptre presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Liberties of Haddington, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Plumptre presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, lying South of the Turnpike Road, leading from Nottingham to Alfreton, within the Liberties and Town ships, of Lenton and Radnor, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, M eadows, Common Failure, and Waste Grounds, and also the Marsh and Fenny Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Yaxley, in, the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pasture, and Waste Grounds, and also the Marsh and Fenny Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Yaxley, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Mr. Harris, of Christ Church, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deiire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining, a Parcel of Waste Ground, or Common, called Bishop Soil, in the several Parishes of Ilowden and E aft ring ton, and in the Parish, or Parochial Chapelry of Blacktoft, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Shi finer. Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Paterjbn, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Amcotts, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Webb, Mr. Drake, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lane, Mr. Holt, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Lord Broxonlow Bertie, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Legh, Mr. Burket Lord Burgherfh, >ir. Harris, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Lowndes, Mr,

2J

Sandys, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Filzherbert, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Darker, Mr. Burt > and all the Members who serve for the Counties of I ark, Nottingham, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Commons, Moor, or Waste Grounds, within the Manors of North Ansion and Todwick, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lascelles, Sir Francis Vincent, Lord Burgherfh, General A'Court, Mr. Rajhleigh, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Gascoyne, Lord Brozailozo Bertie, Mr. Crefwell, Me. Lane, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Major, Mr. Drake, Lord Li/burne, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Meyrick, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Lowndes, 'Mr. Grenville, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Tuffnell, Mr. Coventry, Lord Grey, Mr. Anson, Mr. Legh, Sir Matthew Lamb, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Pennant, NIt. Pen-ton, Lord Catherlough; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster t And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of South Burton, otherwise Bishop Burton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lascelles, Sir Francis Vincent, Lord Burgher/h,^lr. Amcotts, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Rajhleigh, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Edmund Isham, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Ewer, Mr. West, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Harris, Mr. Upton, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Drake, Mr. Shijfner, Mr. Tuffnell, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Penton, Mr. Abercrombie, Sir John Wynn, Lord Strange; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing die Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlets or Townships of Wixford, Exhall, King's Broom, and Burnells Broom, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Plummer, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Harris, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Fomfier, Mr. Neville, Mr. Lascelles, Lord Brownlmv Bertie, Lord Burgherfh, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Henry Bridgeman, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Carysfort, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Crefwell, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Upton, Mr. Lane, Mr. Holt, Mr. West, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Shiftier, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Webb, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Coventry, Lord Grey, Mr. Clive; And all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Oxford, Northampton, Stafford* and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Bell Inn, at North field, in the County of Worcester, over West Heath, Weathercock Hilland the Poriway, and through Ullen-hale Street, in the County of Warwick, to the Wotlon Turnpike, situate in the Great Turnpike Road, leading from StratfordUpon Avon, in the said County of Warwick to Birmingham, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved,

North An (Ion and Todwick Inclosure*

Bishop

Burton

inclosure.

Wixford.

See.

Inclosure.

Northfield,

Sec.

Roads.

Itothcrhiih

Church.

March wive! to

Dodington

Road.

Whitchurch, through Bur Icy dam o Road.

Kan Monckton inclosure.

7 Geo. Ill,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for amending and widening the Road, leading from the Be it Inn at North field, in the County of Worcester, to the Wootton Turnpike in the Great Turnpike Road, leading from Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warzvick, to Birmingham, in the same County.

Ordered, That the Earl of Calherlough do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Francis Vincent presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers, granted by Two Acts of Parliament, of the Third of King George the First, and the Eleventh of his late Majesty, for enabling the Parishioners of Saint Mary, Rotherhith, in the County of Surrey, by certain Funeral Rates therein mentioned, to finish the said Parish Church, and for purchasing an additional Burial Ground; and to enable them to raise Money for purchasing the present Parsonage House, and converting the Scite thereof into a Burial Ground, and for providing a new Parsonage House: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Marcluoivel, in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenbury, and Hanmer, in the County of Flint, to a House in the Possession of Mr. Thomas Jenks, in Dodington, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cholmondeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others of the Counties of Chester, Salop, and Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame,

as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of tile said Petition, Samuel Harding said, That he knows the Road from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Turnpike Road leading from Nantivich to Newcastle under Line; and from Hinstock, in the County of Salop, to Drayton, and to Nantwich aforesaid; that the said Roads are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repair and widen the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Saldp, to the Turnpike Road between Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and Nexocastle under Line, and from Hinstock, to Nantxvich aforesaid: And that Mr. Chohiondeley and Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Nun Monckton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tuffiell, Mr. Suli^m, Mr. Paterson, Lord Adam Gordon, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Clive, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Tucker, Lord Burgher/h, Sir John Barrington, Lord Cary ford, Sir Jlenry Bridgeman, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Neville, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Harris, Mr. Whateley, Mr. Burt, Colonel Barre, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Ilopkitis, Mr. Townshend, Nlr. Bertie, Mt.Abcrcromby, Lord Lijburne, Lord Brozvnlow Bertie, Lord Catherlough. Lord Mex-H Vox. 31.

*73

borough. Lord Robert Bertie, Lord Pigott, Lord North, Lord Mount Stuart, Lord Beauchamp, Lord Howe, Lord Clare, Lord Strange, Lord Tavijtock, Lord George Cavendish, Lord Grey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and 1Lane after: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-.ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whale House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna,230 die;

Anno 7* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1767. Prayers.

SIR Armine Wodehouse presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of several Acts for repairing the Road between Wymondham and Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk; and for amending the Road from the End of the Town Close, in the County of the City of Norzvich, to the Chalk Pits, near Thetford, in the said County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of James Lucy Dighton, an Infant; in the Parish of Sherborn, in the County of Oxford, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the JPurchafe Money for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, pursuant to the Directions of the Court of Chancery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fane, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Osbaldeston, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Waljh, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Staunton, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Ward, Sir Jarrit Smith, Colonel Howe, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Smith, Mr. Vane, Lord Percy, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Burgherfi, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Praed, Sir Charles Frederick, Mr. Harris, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Milles, Colonel Calcraft, Mr. Brudenell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Bucks, Berks, Southampton, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.-

Sir Jarrit Smith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign ofhislate Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through Bottetford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and from. Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby, and from the Guide Post, in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry, as relates to the Road leading from Grantham to NottinghamTrent Bridge; and for repairing and widening the Road from Bingham, to the East End of a Lane, leading from Loxvdham to Buicoate, and from Y y the

20° — 23° Februarii.

East India Company#

Supply.

Wymondham, &c. "

Road.

Dighton*

Estate.

Grantham,

Bcc.

Roads.


*74

2 30 Februarii.

A. 1767.

the East End of Radcliffe Field, to Sloakc Ferry, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Marchwivei A Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Market

to Town of Malpas, in the County of Chester, and of the

*Roadtn Inhabitants of the Parities of Malpas, Tilfion, Shock-lack, and of the several Townships of Ckobnondeley, Bichley, Larton, Hampton Edge, Duckington, Macefen, Broxton, Chorltdn, Overton, Cuddington, Oldcafile, Nezv-ton, Bradley, Stockton, Wichough, Agden, Wigland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners perceive, by the Votes, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Hoad from Marchwivei, in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenbury, and Hanmer, in the County of Flint, to a House in the Possession of Mr. Thomas Jenks, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop; and that there is another "Road from Bangor, through Malpas, passing also through that of Whitchurch, to Dodington, which runs nearly parallel with the intended Road from Bangor, through the Parishes of Worthenbury and Hanmer, to Dodington afore-% said; and that from Bangor, to the Bullring in Whitchurch, which is about the Center of the said Town, there is by Measurement but the Difference, of Half a Mile in Length between the Two Roads; and that this Difference may be reduced to a Quarter of a Mile, by the Purchase of a little Ground, to widen a Bridle Way, leading from Worthenbury, and entering upon Threapwood, by a House now in the Holding of Richard Morgan; and that, although the Road from Bangor to Malpas cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in ' Repair, by the Laws now in being, yet the intended Road, through the Parishes of Worthenbury and Hammer, is in a far more founderous Condition, and runs through a Country not so well provided of good Materials; that there is a good Pavement through the Town, and Part of the Township of Malpas; and that from Grindley Brook, where the Road from Malpas ]o\ns the Turnpike Road from Chester, there are, to Mr. Thomas Jenks's House in Dodington, Two Miles more, well repaired, and kept in Repair, at the Expence of the said Turnpike, and of the Town of Whitchurch, so that it is apprehended the Road through Malpas may be effectually repaired at a much easier Expence than the intended Road through Worthenbury and Hanmer; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Inhabitants of Malpas, and of the several Parishes and Townships aforesaid, and all Persons travelling between Malpas and Wrexham, would be subject to the Payment of Toll, on the said Road at Bangor, and have no Benefit of the Repair of the Road from that Place to Malpas: And therefore praying. That the Road from Bangor through Malpas may be the Road to be repaired, (instead of the Road through Worthenbury and Hanmer, to Dodington) as being not only less expensive, but also of equal, if not greater Public Utility, or that Provision may be made In the said intended Bill, for repairing the said Road from Bangor to Malpas also, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feetti meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cohsideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Egerton, Mr. Shiffher, Sir Lynch Salufbury Cotton, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Cnjt, Mr. Plicmptre, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Clive, Mr. Befi, Mr. Dowdeswell, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Pitt, Colonel Hoioe, Mr. Waljh, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Wyndham, Mr, Sibthorpe, Mr. Fane, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Byde, Mr. Drake, Sir Charles Frederick, Mr. Tudway, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Herne, Mr. Staunton> 17

Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Robert Burdett, General Honey-wood, Sir Francis Vincent; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Salop, Stafford, and Lancaster; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Prisoners, now confined in His Ma- Distressed jesty’s Gaol for the County of Worcester: And also, Debtors.

A Petition of the several Prisoners confined for Debt Ditto, in His Majesty’s Gaols, or Prisons, for the County of Nottingham, and for the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined in His Majesty’s Ditto. Prison of The Fleet, as well for themselves as for many Thousands besides in the same unhappy Circumstances in the several Gaols of this Kingdom:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for the better and more effectual Mainte- Queenborougti nance and Relief of the Poor of the Borough and Poor* Parish of Queenborough, in the County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Frederick, Mr. Shiffher, Sir Piercy Brett, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Befi, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Edward Hawke,

Mr. Barrow, Mr. Dowdeswell, Captain Dennis, Mr.

Clive, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lockhart;

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fonnercau, Lord Coleraine, Mr.

Wyndham, Mr. Garth, Mr. Praed, Mr. Bull, General Iloneywood, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Butler, Lord Carys-fort, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Earle, Mr. Dundas,

General Bofcawen, Mr. Webb, Lord Howe, Sir John

Evelyn, Mr. Hume, Mr. Lozvndes, Colonel Burton, Mr.

Fidler, Mr. Howard, Mr. Walcot; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Suirey, and Suffer; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers ofanA&passed Hedon in the Eighteenth Year of King George the Second, Road, for repairing the Road from Sacred Gate, on the South*

East Side of the Town of Hedon, in the East Riding of the County of York, through the said Town, to Hull North Bridge; and for amending the Road from the present Turnpike Bar in Wyton Holmes, through the Townships of Wyton and Sproatley, to the Guide Post in Flinton Lane, near Humbleton Moor House, in the same Riding; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Captain Kynaston, Mr. Waljh,§\rCharles Mordaunt,

Mr. Befi, Mr. Byde, Colonel Ilozcv, Lord Coleraine,

Mr. Sturt, Sir jarrit Smith, Mr. Sa7idys,.S\v Robert Burdett, Mr. Shiffher, Lord Howe, Mr. Pratt, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Barrow, Sir Charles Saunders, Sir Charles Frederick, Major Lambton, Mr. Grey, Mr. Clive, Sir'

Edmund Isham, Mr. Befi, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Molyneux,

Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Legh, Mr. Fane, Mr. Herne; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York,

Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon* at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church St. Martin of Saint Martin, within the City of Worcester, was read Church, the Third Time. Worcester,

Revived, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Martin, within the City of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. WaL/h do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ABt

Malllnt

Heath,

&c.

Hoad.

Sr. TveSj t>ier.

7 Geo. III. 23 0 Feiruarii. 175

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from That the Bay is easy of Access, and so will the Har-tli,e Brick Kilns, on F,aft Mailing Heath, to the Turn- hour be when made; and the VeffeU may ridp so near pike Road on Pcmbury Green, and from Brand Bridges the’Pier Head at Low Water, that Jthey may warp to the Four Wenls, near Mai field Green, in the County themselves in: The Mouth off the Bay is about Three of Kent, was read a Second Time. Miles wide; and has in general Ten Fathom Water.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rest, That the Pier ijs proppfed to bp 69 Fathdm long,

Mr. Fenton, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Miltes, General which, according to his Computation, will cost^. 7,^85.

A'Caart, Mr. Penncmf, Mr. Montagu, Mr. WaJJh, Mr.. but imaging contingent Expences lri^ay make it come Sqndys, Mr Coventry, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Cif, Mr. to /. 10,000

Kynaston, Sir Henry Jlarpur, Sir Charles Mor4a\n\t, That he thinks, when the Harbour is made, many Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Fane, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Vessels will resort to it, knowing it to be a Placp of Wynn, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Hewett, Colonel Howe, Safety, who now make for other Places; and that, when Mr. Toumjhend, Sir Edmund lsham, Mr. Dundas, Mr. the Winds are at any Point from South East to North Grey, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Pi aed, Mr. Barrow, Mr* West, West, Southwardly, then the Road is safe by Nature.

Mr. Ward, Mb’. TufneU, Lord Howe, Mr. Drake, Mir. That if the Tonnage is general, he thinks a very Lovett, Sir John Sebright; and all the Members who ffmall Tonnage would be fuftlcient for completing this serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey} and Suffer; Work: Arid he apprehends the making the Harbour and for the Cinque Ports: And they are t6 meet this will be a great Protection to all Vessels trading in Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s those Seas, and be of public Utility.

Chamber. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

erecting a proper apd convenient Pier, at the Port of

Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall, for the' better ' the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Protection of Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Inhabitants, of the Town of Saint Ives, in the County Port: And that Mr. Praed, Mr. Barrow, Colpnel of Cornwall, and of the Gentlemen and Mlerchants Hot ham, and Mr. Burrell, do prepare, and bring in, reftding near, and trading to and from the same, was the fame, referred, That the Committee had examiped the Matter

of the said Petition; and had directed him to report A Bill for dividing and indosing several Open Fields, Donington

the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and Meadows, Conimon Fens, and other CommonablePlaces, jncj^re he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli- within the Parish of Donington, in the County of Lin-vered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was coin, and for imbanking and draining the said Fens and-read; and is as followeth; viz. Commonable Places, was read a Second Time.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Robert.

William Rogers, Master of a Vessel using the Brijlei Bertie, Mir. Sandys. Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Fane,

Channel, being examined, said. That he knows the Port Mr. Rice, Mr. Penton, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Coventry, Mr. of Saint Ives; that it is Four Leagues from the Lands Pennant, Sir John Sebright, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Wynn, Sir End, and that there is not any Harbour within Twelve Charles Mordaunt, Mir. Sturt. Mr. Montagu, Mr. Kyr Leagues of it; that Coome is a Tide Port about Thirty nafton, Sir Edmund'lsham, Mr. Burke> Mr. Clive, Mr.*

Leagues from it, and the Main Head is Nine Leagues Calvert, Mr. Howard, Lord Howe, General Honey-from Coome; and that there is no other Harbour be- wood, Mr* Comptroller, Mr. Herne, Mr. Jenkinson, tween that Place and Bristol. — ThoJt the erecting of a Sir Edward Hawke, Lord Cary.fort, Mr. Robinson,

Pier from the Caftie Point would make it a safe Port; Mir. Townshend, Mr. Mackay, Mr. Gore, Mir. Drake; that in the August Storm Fourteen Years iince, One and all the Members who serve for the Counties of hundred Ships were loft, which would have been fpved Lincoln, Nottingham, York, and Warwick: Arid they if the Harbour had been made; and the Witness him- are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in self narrowly escaped being drowned. the Speaker’s Chamber.

That in going down or coming up the Channel in Gales of WTind at South West, is frequently attended Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom Bennet't with Ruin; and in thick Weather, which generally the Bill to enable Richard Bennet, Elqmre, and his Issue, Name-brings the Wind to North West, which is right on the to take and bear the Surname and Arms oi Coffin, pur-

Shore, and being destitute of a PI ace of Safety between suant to the Will of Richard Coffin, Esquire, deceased, the Land's End and Hartland Point, is the Occasion was committed, That the Committee had examined the of many Ships being loft every Year; that if the Wind Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; is at North West, it is impracticable to reach Milford and that the Committee had directed him to report the Haven; and that the making this Harbour would in a Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he great measure prevent all these Accidents. delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mir. John Smeaton, Engineer, being examined, said, Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

That the Bay is proper for the Reception of many

Ships; that a Pier may be built that will afford Pro- A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and teefcion for a considerable Number of Ships, when the Mr. Harris:

Wind is so much at North East that they can’t safely Mr, Speaker,

ride in the Bay; at all other Times they are naturally The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Beckman's protected in the Bay, but dare not stay there for fear for naturalizing Nicholas Francis Beckman, withput Nat, of the Wind’s changing to that Quarter, not having any Amendment, at present a proper Place of Refuge to resort to And then the Mleffengers withdrew.

That there appears to be good Anchoring in the Bay from Six to Nine Fathom Water, when the Vessels are Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuanfc to their in the proper Place for Riding, at which Time they are Address to His Majesty,

protected by Nature from all Winds except the North Surpluses, Hated the 5th Day of April 1766: And Surpltifo. East. also, 1

That at the Pier Head, when built according to the Plan which he produced to your Committee, there will be at High Water on Spring Tides froin 24 to 26 Foot Water, at Neap Tides from 16 to 20 Foot at High Water, seldom so little as 16 Foot.

Vol. 31.

Surplufes, stated the 10th Day of October 1766. And the Titles of the said Surplufes were read.

The said Surplufes are preferred among# the other Papers of this Section; and the Abstracts thereof are as folloyveth; viz.

ABSTRACT

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund

ABSTRACT of* the said SURPLUSES, stated the 5th Day or April 176

- - - . Dr, Per Contra

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1766; viz. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio t -D* of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Folio z D®of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 -

To Cash paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, by Amt Honc/l, for Confidence lake To Monies brought to this Account the 5th Day of April 1766, pursuant to the Act passed 25° Georgii 241, for consolidating the Funds; viz.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 4* Georgii z41, £. /. d.

for the Service of the Year 1731 - - . - - - - 15,718- — —

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters,

granted per Act 16° Georgii a-4 - - - - 9,244 — —

The like of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 18® Gemgii a*, for the Service of the Year 1745 - - 17,501 13 1

The like of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 19* Georgii 2ai, for the Service of the Year 1746 -

£. *-573,022 2 -4 92,030 17 7* 326,113 — z\

99I,i65 19 16} 1 1 —

The like of the Rates and Duties upon Ho uses, Windows, and Lights, gii 2^, for the Service of the Year 1747

29^813

46»7*3

21,858

1; 4

x4 3l

XS 51

10 5

879

granted by an Act ao° Georgii The like of the Duty on Coaches, granted per Act ao° Georgii a*1, for the Service of the said Year - -

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted per Act

210 Georgii a*1, for the Service of the Year 1748 - - - 123,251

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted per Act 6*

Georgii imi, for the Service of the Year 1720 -

To the Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in or vending of Gold or Silver Plate, granted from 5th of July 1759, per Act 3 20 Georgii adi, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act.....-

To the Duty of 3/. 4d. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account

pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 2^ (Page 51) in that Behalf - *041635 *2 7l To the Duty of 1 u, per Barrel on Sweets, or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted per Act 10° Georgii a*, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 270 Georgii z41 (Page 218) -

To the Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act a* Georgii idl, for raising the Sum of£.1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of Englandt brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 2" (Page 4J7)

To the Surplus of the Duty upon Coals, continued per Act i® Georgii i41, for raising the Sum of £.1,756,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of Englandt brought to (his Account pursuant to the said Act 28® Georgii 2dl " -

To the Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 29° Georgii a*1 (Page 312) -

To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 GeorF* 2<u (Page 323)

To the several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 29° Georgii 2dl (Page 332)

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30* Georgii act, brought to this Account pur-iuaot to an Act 32* Georgii z41 - - ' ? - 29,077 — —

1,803-----

2,039-----

- 26,418 5 6

- 6,711 17 8f

3*394 -

- 5>*4°-----

8,223 — —

Cr.

C

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Englandfor Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th of January 1766, being after the Rate of per Centum pet Annum, on the principal Sum of £*33i,27>8ai* Su subscribed to the Joint Stock of £.3 per Centum transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts 25°, 28°, 29°, 32°, and 33° Georgii a", and 4® Georgii 3^, in that Behalf - - - - "

By D®, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year - -

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.\ for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th of April 1766, being after the Rate of £. 3 sex Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.17,701,323. 16/. 4*/. the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Act 25° Georgii in that Behalf - . ----- 265,5

By D® for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year - -

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ for Half a Year's Annuity* due the said 5th of April 1766, on £.600,000, consolidated with, and added to, the above Joint Stock of £. 17,701,323 16/. 4d. by an Act 50 Georgii 3tU, being Part of £.1,500,000, the Amount of the Annuities and Lottery established by the said Act ——

By the said Chief Cashier more, for Haif a Year’s Annuity due the said 5th of April 1766, on £. 300/300 (other Part of the said £. 1,500,000) which the Proprietors have Liberty to exchange for Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, to be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from the 5th of

April 1766 ..

By the said Chief Cashier more, for One Year’s Annuity due the said 5th of April 1766, on £.600,000 (Residue of the said £. 1,500,000) raised by way of a Lottery, the Blanks and Prizes whereof were directed by the said Act 50 Georgii 3d1 to be converted into Annuities at £. 3 per Cent, and also added to the above Joint Stock of £. 17,701,323 161. 4*/. ——

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Englandfor Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th of January 1766, being after the Rate of £. 3. 10s. pa Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 1,500,000, Part of £. 2,000,000 lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the^Service of the Year 1756, pursuant to the Act 290 Georgii z41 (Page 224) in that Behalf By Ditto for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the feme Half Year

By Haifa Yearns Annuity, due the 5th of January 1766, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 2,100,000 transferable at the South Sea House, lent on Credit of this Fund towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1751. pursuant to the Act 24 Georgii 2*", (Page 39) in that Behalf -

By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, fee. for Half a Year's Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same Time, pursuant to the said Act (Page 59) in that Behalf ——

By Calli taken to answer Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii z41, and charged on this Fund by an Act 32° Georgii z4i, for the Half Year ended the 5th of January 1766 ——

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 5th of April 1766, on the principal Sums of £. 8,240,000 in Annuities granted by an Act Georgii 2dland £. 12,000,000 in Annuities, granted by an Act z° Georgii 3d1, making together £. 20,240,000, which were made One Joint Stock of £. 4 per Centum Annuities, transferable at the Bank of England, by the Act 20 Gemgii 3d1 (Page 211) - -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year - - -.

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities granted per Acts I® and 2° Georgii 3d1, for 99 and 98 Years, which were made One Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 5th of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3tU (Page 325) for the Haif Year ended the 5th of January 1766 ——

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of Five millions, borrowed pursuant to an A# 310 Georgii 2*, for the Service of the Year 1758, which said Management's charged on this Fund, by a Clause in the said Act (Page 761) for the Half Year ended the said 5th of January 1766 -

d.

49f>9*7 6

*>* 3 t|

*7 it

*978 9 iof

9>©oo , —

4,500-----

18,000 — —

26,250 — — 4*i 17 6

31,500-----

590 12 6 x5»976 2 6

404,800 — — 5,692 10 —

*24,115 — — 1,745 10 if

1,406 5 —

Vj

os

9

r*

CO

To the additional Duty on Coals exported, the like - ,4r*4 *4

4 To the Surplus of the New Duty on Licences to retail Wine, the like — t-To D° of the Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like {£>039 3 To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 3*# Georgii adi, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 33° Georgii(Page 305) - - - - r *100,27815

To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like

To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, per Acts 320 Georgii zdi

2,292

4»SSJ

- *7>9

and 50 Georgii 3

To the Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 240 Georgii 2di, brought to this Account purmant to an Act 20 Georgii 3,u (Pages 217 and 218)

To the Income of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by

an Act 330 Georgii 2M, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - 154*716 To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 20 Georgii

3tl1, brought to this Account pursuant to D# (Page 218) 32,111

To the Rates and Duties upon Windows or Lights, granted and made a^Part of this Fund by one other Act 20 Georgii 3'", (Page 189)

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii a*, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 20 Georgii 3Ui(Page 197)

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act 10 Georgii 3*", brought to this Account pursuant to an Act

4° Georgii stU (Page 326) - 230,337 —

To the additional Duties on the Exportation of Coals, and of fe- . -

veral East India Goods, CpV. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act Georgii - - - 5,659.10

To the additional Duties on Policies of Assurance, the like - - *79 —

9

6

« r

r

6i


24,623 16 8§

69,168 1 — —


4

.. t

1

1: r

- d

r\

0

1,140j883 I5 T-.

£.2,132,050 15. lof


f t 4

Ac

4

M

A

- 1

1

M

r 1


4

t

1

d

r

T

0

t t

4

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Three Months Interest, after the Rate of per Centum per Annum on £. 870,888. 5 $\d. due the 25th of December 1765, when the same was paid off, and redeemed, pursuant to an Act 50 Georgii 3UI (Page 736) being Part of 3,4- 3»5 53* , J* IO<^ tRe Amount of the Navy, Victualling, and'T ran (port Bills, and'Ord-

nance Debentures, subscribed for Annuities, charged oji this Fund by an Act 30 Georgii 3Ui (Pages 256 and 257) which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, pursuant to a Clause in the Act 5® Georgii 3'" (Page 737) , - ... - .-

By Ditto, for Charges, of Management of the said £. 870,888. $.f. ${d. for the same Three Months, to be replaced to this Fund, out of the Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, after issuing the fame, pursuant to a Clause in the Act 3? Georgii 3,u (Page-265) *n l^at Behalf -

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of for Haifa Year’s Inte-

rest, due the 25th of March 1766, on £.2,612,664. 16/. 4\d. remaining unredeemed of the aforementioned Sum of £.3,483,553. I/. 10d. the Amount of the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, subscribed for Annuities, charged on this Fund by the said Act 30 Georgii 3,u, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund, out of the Supplies to be granted in the next Session Parliament, after issuing the fame, pursuant to a Clause in the same Act (Page 265) in that Behalf By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said unredeemed Annuities, for the same Half Year, to be also replaced to this Fund, out of the Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, after issuing the fame, pursuant to the said Clause in the Act 30 Georgii 3U1 (Page 265) - - ( -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th of 1766, of the several Rates and Duties

upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were mede a Fund per Act 3 i° Georgii 2$ for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, after the Rate of £. 3. 1 or per Centum on £. 4,500,000, and £.3 per Centum on £.500,000 in Lottery Annuities, making together Five Mill ions, borrowed toward the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund, out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act (Page 746) in that Behalf - - ....

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th of April 1766, of the several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry, which were made a Fund by an Act 30 Georgii 3uI for paying Annuities at the Bank of ,after the Rate of £. 4 Ptr,

on £.3,500,000 borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1763, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund, out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act (Page 328) in that Behalf -

By Cash paid the Usher of the Exchequer for Necessaries -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to reimburse Fees paid for examining, auditing, and ingrossing, the Accounts of Annuities granted Aunt's 1756 and 1758, £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, £. 4 per Centum Consolidattd Annuities, and Long Annuities granted Annis 1761 and 1762, for One Year and an Half, to the 5th of July 1763, and of Reduced Annuities for Two Years to the 5th of April 1763 ... . - ..... r - - ,

By Ditto, to reimburse Fees paid at the Treasury and Exchequer, on Warrants and Orders, and for Im-prest Rolls, for Four Years, ended the 5th of July 1763, and for Fees and Charges in passing Accounts of Contributions for Annuities, Ctfc. 1760, 1761, and 1762, as also the Four Years Accounts of Annuities, ended the 5th of July 1759, through the Exchequer, and obtaining a Quietus thereupon By the Managers and Directors of the Lottery, established by an Act 50 Georgii, "J1', in Reward for their Labour, Pains, and Service, in executing their Commission - -

By Samuel H'ilfon, Gent. Secretary to the said Managers and Directors, for Incident Expences relating to

the said Lottery - - - - - r. - -

By Cash taken in full of £.2,100,000 granted out of this Fund, towards the Supply of the Year 1765, pursuant to an Act 50 Georgii 3'", (Page 679) in that Behalf - - - "

By Caih taken in Part of £. 2,150,000, granted out of this Fund, towards the Supply of the Year 1766, pursuant to an Act & Georgii 3,il (Page 716) in that Behalf - - - - "

8,708 17 7i

122 9 4i

52,253 5

734 16.

v

31,192 12

6,633 9 rof 89.15 3

*3*45 7 3

1,936 23 6,150 -T

2,250

148,230 18 i{


439,586 16 *f

: *»v j

£.2,132,05© 15 tof

, This being the Eighty-seventh Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Act 9° i"1-,

Page 367, is humbly presented this 23® Day of February 1767, by me,

Grey

<1

a

O

*0

r


O

o

o

00

o

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund -

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year, ended the ioth Day of October 1766; viz. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account (Folio 1)

Surplus of the South Sea Company* fund, brought from Account (Folio 2)

Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account (Folio 3) -

ABSTR ACT of the said SURPLUSES, dated the ioth Day of Oaober 1766.

Per Contra - -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, fGr

Haifa -.I, Y./A. ik.l.. . nftw

Dr.

£. ,. d.

859,14* 8

30.475 >7 39>»5*9 «3

- 18,088 x 7

- *,696 4 4

34.4* 8

36,786 7

5i

8§

7S>856

*S»>64

I 70,89!

for the

12

4 5f 3 —

*3 9

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods, imported and under-valued, brought to this Account

pursuant to an Art 11° Georgii i»J (Page 246) - - .....*

To Money received by the Marquis of Rockingham from a Person unknown, towards the Discharge of the

National Debt ....

To Monies brought to this Account on the ioth. of October 1766, pursuant to the Act passed 25* Georgii 2^ for consolidating the Funds; viz.

A

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted by an Act 40 Georgii 2^, for the Service of the Year 1731 ----- j

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Act 16*

Georgii 2^ ——

The like of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted per Act 180 Georgii 2 for the Service of the Year *1745 -

The like of the* Duties upon Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted per Act 19° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1746 ——

The like of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted per Act 20m Georgii 2tU, for the Service of the Year 1747 -

The like of the Duties on Coaches, granted per Act 20° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the said Year -

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 21° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1748 - - - - r

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted per Act 6° Georgii 1

Service of the Year 1720.....- - -

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending of, Gold or Silver Plate, granted from the tih of July 1759, per Act 32* Georgii 2^ and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act - - - . - - - - 5,026 — —

To the Duty of 3s. 4d. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act

26° Georgii zil (Page 51) in that Behalf -..... 107,689 — I

To the Duty of 12s. per Barrel on Sweets, or Wines, made from British or Foreign Fruit, or Sugar, granted per Act 10° Georgii 2*9 for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 27* Georgii 2^ (Page 218) - - 5,24! — —

To the Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 20 Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of £. 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 28® Georgii 2dl (Page 457)

To the Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued per Act I® Georgii adI, for raising the Sum of £. 1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of EnglandBrought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 2 8° Georgii 2dl -

To the Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 29° Georgii 2^ (Page 312) -

To the additional Duties on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 29° Georgii 2* (Page 323) - -

To the several Rates and Duties payable by all PersonS, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 29° Georgii 2di (Page 332) - -

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30°

Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 32® Georgii 2<4i,

To the additional Duty on Coals exported, the like - -

To the Surplus of the new Duty on Licences to retailing Wine, the like.

124 2 61 600 —

36.757 *3 -i

3i.9*i — ill

J3»*95 4 11

4.795 3 6

7.«74 3 9

31.712 *9 9

8,459 12 10

H.659 16 4

Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th of July 1766, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum of £. 33,127,821. 5/. 1 \d. subscribed to the Joint Stock of £. 3 per Centum transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts 50,28°, 29°, 32°, and 33° Georgii 2dl and 4° Georgii 3tii_iu that Behalf -By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the said 5th of July 1766 on £. 900,000 added to the above principal Sum of 33,127,821. $s. \\d. by an Act 6° Georgii 3tU, being Part of £. 1,500,000 borrowed on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply of the Year 1766, pursuant to the said Act -

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the ioth of October 1766, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 17,701,323. 16/. 4d. the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuities, transferrable at the Bauk of England, pursuant to the Act 250 Georgii 2dl, (Page 598) in that Behalf -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Haifa Year’s Annuity due the said ioth of October 1766, on £. 600,000 consolidated with, and added to, the above Joint Stock of £. 17,701,323. 16/. 4*/. by an Act 50 Georgii 3lU, being Part of £. 1,500,000, the Amount of the Annuities and Lottery established by the said Act -

By the said Chief Cashier more, for Half a Year’s Annuity, due the said ioth of October 1766, on £. 282,000 added to the said Joint Stock, pursuant to the said Act, being the Sum remaining unfubferibed of £. 300,000 (other Part of the said £. 1,500,000) the Proprietors whereof were at Liberty, at any Time before the 6th Day of May 1766, to exchange the same for Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivor-lliip, payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer from the 5th of April 1766 -

By the said Chief Cashier more, for Half a Year’s Annuity, due the said ioth of October 1766, on £.600,000 (Residue of the said^. 1,500,000) raised by Wav of a Lottery, the Blanks and Prizes whereof were directed by the said Act 50 Georgii 3d1 to be converted into Annuities at £. 3 per Centum* and added also to the above Joint Stock of £.17,701,111. 16s. ±d. - -

By Calli taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from the 5 th of April 1766, which were established by the above mentioned Act 50 Georgii 3ui, for the Half Year ended the said ioth of October 1766 By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th of July 1766, being after the Rate of £. 3. 10/. per Centum per Annum, on, the principal Sum of ^.1,500,00©, Part of Two Millions lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1756, pursuant to the Act 29° Georgii 2di (Page 224) iu that Behalf By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year By Half a Year’s Annuity, due the said 5th of July 1766, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum on the principal Sum df £. 2,100,000 transferrable at the South Sea House, lent on Credit of this Fund towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to the Act 24° Georgii 2di (Page 39) in that Behalf By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, &c, for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same Time, pursuant to the said Act (Page 59)10 that Behalf -

By Calli taken to answer Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 241, and charged on this Fund by an Act 32° Georgii 2di, for the Half Year ended the 5th of July 1766 - -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Annuity, due the ioth of October 1766, on iht principal Sums of 8/240,000

Cr.

e.

If 3 .4

*6S*5»9 17 ,r *>97* ft iof

9.000 — —

4,230-----

9.000 — — 270 — —;

26,250 — — 421 17^6

-3 Moo-----

590 12 6 15,809 7 6

Februarit. A. 1767;

g

(O’

n'

CD

CL

cr

To the Surplus of the Duties on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like * *7

' To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 3*0 GiotgH 2

brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 33° Georgii 3d* (Page 3°5) -1*5,22014 3

r To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like - - - - # i»*74 — "*

00 To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, per Act 32* Georgii 2*, and 50 Georgii 3t, J - 4,556 "* mm"-

r To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 240 Georgii act, brought

to this Account pursuant to Act 2° Georgii 3tU (Pages 217 and a 18) - 3$>200 "*

To the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2*, brought to , ;r

this Account pursuant to D° - 283,822 — —

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act a° Georgii 3^ hrotight to this Account pursuant to D° (Page 218) - - - *' - ~~ —

To the Rates and Duties upon-Windows, or Lights, granted and made a Part of this

fund, by one other Act i° Georgii 3tU, (Page 189) - 34^7 3 3i

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2a, brought to this Account

pursuant to one other Act 20 Georgii 3*° (Page 197) - - 225,153 — —

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beeir and Ale, granted by an Act I. Georgii j111,

brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii Jtu (Page 326) - - *261,402 — —

To the additional Duties on (he Exportation of Coats, and of several East India Goods,

&c. granted and made aPart of this Fund by an Act $° Georgii j^T - - . 30,006 12 idf

To the additional Duties on Policies of Assurance, granted and made a Part of this Fund 7

by an Act 50 Georgii 3tU ----- - 1,071 19 I

To the Duties upon East India wrought Silks, Gfr. grafted from the ill of Aug*ft 1766, by an Act 6° Georgii 3:" {Fage 834) brought to this Accompt pursuant to the same Act (Page 837) - - . - - J - - - 1,300 13 8

To Monies granted out of the Supply 1766, for the Purposes following, by the Act 6®

Georgii 3tU, Pages 730 a^d 732, in that Behalf; v/9.;

To replace to this Fund the like Sum issued out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th of July 1765, of the several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were- made a Fund by an Act of the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for paying Annuities at the £* 2.. d

Bank of England in tefpeft of Five Millions borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758 - - - - 7 loi

To replace to this Fund, the like Bum issued out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 10th of October 176$, of the several additional Dudes on Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry, which were made a Fund by an Act of the 3* Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paying Annuities in resptft of £. 3,500,000, borrowed towards the Supply granted fot the Service of th^ Year 1763 ----- - 29,221 32 6

To replace to this Fund the like Sum issued out of the fame, for paying Annuities after the Rate of ^.4 per Centum> for the Year ended the 29th of September 1765, which were granted in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bill*, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in, and cancelled, pursuant to an Act passed in the 3d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty - - - - -139,342 2, 4

To replace to this Fund, the like Sum issued out of the fame, for paying the Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for Two Years and One Half,- due the 29th of September 1765 - 4,898 14 9I

To replace to this Fund the like Sum issued out of the fame, to discharge, from the 29th of September 176$ to the 25th of December following, the Annuities attending such Part of the Joint Stock established by the said Act of the Third Year-of the Reign of His present Majesty, in respect of ftvrral Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and 7

Ordnance Debentures, as was redeemed in pursuance of an Act made ifc the 5th Year ~ of the Reign of His fold Majesty - 8,708 17 7$

1,583,848 12 4

227,722 15 1:

3,193,443 8 7

404,800 -

5*692 10

*24*125

J J>745

1,406 5 —

S*>*53 5 11

in Annuities, granted by an Act 3%° Georgii 2^, and £. 12,000,000 in Annuities, granted by an Act 2* Georgii 3, making together £. 20,240,000, which were made one Joint Stock of £ 4 per Centum Annuities, transftrrable at the Bank of England, by the Ad 20 Georgii 3th (Page 211) ~ -

By D®, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Half Tear -By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities granted per Acts i° and 20 Georgii 3x,i, for 99 and 98 Years, which were made One Joint Stock of Annuities from the 5th of January 1764, by an Act 4° Georgii 3xii (Page 325) for the Half Year ended the 5th of July 1766 By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable im respect ot Five Millions, borrowed pursuant to an Act 31® Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1758, which said Management is charged on this Fund, by a Clause in the said Act (Page 761) for the Half Year ended the 5th of July 1766 -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest due the 29th of September 1766, on £. 2,612,664. 16/. 4Id. to which the Sum of £. 3,4.83,5 53* is. 10 d. the Amount of the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, subscribed for Annuities charged on this Fund, by an Act 30 Georgii is reduced, after paying off £. 870,888. 5s. 5!d. pursuant to an Act 50 Georgii 3ui: Which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament after issuing the fame, pursuant to a Clause in the said Act 3° Georgii 3th (Page 265) In that Behalf By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year, to be also replaced to this Fund in like Manner, pursuant to a Clause in the said Act 30 Georgii 3"* in that Behalf -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the $th of July 1766, of the several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund by an Act 31° Georgii zdl, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, after the Rate of £. 3. ior. per Centum on £. 4,500,000, and £. 3 per Centum on £. 500,000 in Lottery Annuities, making together Five Millions, borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758: Which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament, ns per Clause in the said Act (Page 746) in that Behalf -By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 1 oth of Gflcber 1766,of the several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom,-and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry, which were made a Fund by an Act 30 Georgii 3tU, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, after the Kate of £.4. per Centum on £. 3,500,000 borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1763: Which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act (Page 328) in that Behalf -

By the Commissioners appointed for taking in Tickets of the Lottery, granted by an Act efGengii 3*'*, and making out Certificates in lieu thereof, in Reward for their Labour, Pains, and Service -

By the Secretary to the Managers and Directors of the Lottery, established by an Act 6° Georgii 3X", towards defraying the incident Expences attending the said Lottery -By the Commissioners for managing His Majesty’s Stamp Duties, to defray the necessary Expences incurred, towards carrying into Execution an Act 50 Georgii 3Mi, for granting certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations m America, to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Monies that shall arise, by virtue of the said Act, as per Clause in the same Act (Pages 306 and 307$

By Cash taken in further Parr of £. 2,150,000, granted out of this Fund towards the

Supply of the Year j 766, pursuant to an Act 6° Georgii 3xil (Page 716) in that Behalf 1,686,4*9 10

10 if

734

16 z}

18,467 *7

6,07s 3

Bi

i,6oo — —

1,coo —

-1.M9 14

ul

> £’ j.»93>443

::; ir, _ -a

This being thd Eightyne^lth Half Yearly Accompt made up pursuant to an Act 90 Gevgri 1^4Page 3^) Is humbly presented this 23d Day of Februmy 1767, by me; '

Grey Cooper

vo

'lUVtUqd^ Tir *0&0

« i8o

23°^-24° Febmarii. A. 1767,

Ordered, That the said {Surplusses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the? Members of the House.

*1;

The Orders of the Day seeing read;

»nd Means. Resolved, That this -House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the . whole House, to consider further«of Ways und Means r for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, T^iat this House will, upon-Wed?ieflay

Morning next, resolve itself inf o a Committee of the whole IIoufc,to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. ' ;: " ' - c

lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House..* ,

The said Accounts are preserv^d amongst the; other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Baittfwtnert for naturalizing John Laois Baumgartner, was read the Third Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Darker do cany the Bill to the*

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed* to the fame, with-tome Amendments*, to which Amendments this House doth desire' the Concurrence

And then the House-adjourned till Toriiior-c row Morning, Nine of the Clock.;

5 > Mart is, Fzbruarii;

2 -r*. ' . .> ' .: l

Anno 70 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1767.

1 Prayers. . - . ' - G - "

Message from the Lords, by Mr. HoTford and Mr. Harris: - v / -

Mr. Speaker,

STam^t' - The L?rds have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Willis, Esquire, (lately, called Thomas Swcllenham) and his Issue, to take, use, and bear, the (Surname and Arms of Willis, pursuant to the Will of \Daniel Willis, Esquire, deceased; to which the Lords-desire the Concurrence.of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Account - , The House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from the Pr*fenj£d» , Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Scotland. °r > he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Bounties and Drawbacks, out of the Revenues of Excise in Scotland, for Twelve Years.

And then he withdrew. r

And the Titleof the said Account was read. Ordered, That the Taid Account do lie updh the Tattle; to be perused by the Members of the House. j The said Account is preferred amongst the other i t papers of this Sefiiom , r <.

' t J ‘ *v ’

Accounts The House being informed that^Mr. Rowe, from the/ JSSSV ^hlioners of the Customs in Seal land, attended at: Scotland, the l}oor; he was called! jn; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Bounties which have been paid in Scotland, upon Ships employed in the Whale Fishery-to Davis's Straits,.and the Greenland Seas, from Christmas 1752 to Christmas 1766; distinguishing the Bounties paid in each Year: And also, -; ,

An Account of the Quantity of Grain and Flour exported from Scotland, from Christmas 1707 to the 5th Jmiuary 1766; distinguishing the several Species exported each Year: And also.

An Account of the bounties paid on Corn, Grain, and Meal, exported from Scotland, from the 1 ft of May 1707'(when the Ibid.Bounties commenced) to the 5th January 1766; distinguishing what Portion of such Bounties has been paid on each Species of Corn, Grain, and Meal, in each Year.

And thenjie withdrew.

And the Titles of the fail Accounts were read. Ordered, That the lirft of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, His Majesty^ British Subjects, concerned in the Whale Fishery, on Behalf of themselves and dtlTers concerned, in the said Fishery, ifi referred. Ordered, That tfyc Two last of the said Accounts do 21

of their kojdships. ;: ~ ":

.Sir JEdward Bayntun reported from the Committee, Wilnecote to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Thomas, Mines* Lord Viscount IVkymouth, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it: appeared to them, to the House*, and he read the Report in his

Place: and aftervVarcU delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table -/Where the same was read; and is as follow- -eth; viz... . '

To prbve the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act of Parliament made in the 31st Year of his late Majesty, for confirming and estabftfliing Articles of AgrCe-ment jor dividing anddnclosing certain Common Fields, within the Manor of Wilnecote, in the County of Warwick; and also for erecting and working One or more Fire Engine or Fire Engines, for the more effectual draining the Coal Mines in the said Manor; was read: And,

Mr. John Willington, being examined, said. That in pursuance of the said Act, Lord Weymouth'hath, at a very great Expence, erected an Engine, and made oth<*

Works* sufficient for draining all the Lands allotted as Coal Lands, in which lie hath expended near £.4,000; and that the WTorks erected by his Lordiliip had been approved of by the Commissioners appointed by the said Act.

That the Owner of pertain Lands noxj adjoipipg the

Land inhere the ^ngyie is erected, refuses to fuftej; proper Soughs^ or^ Drains* to be* mdde ^hrdugh his Lands,‘without winch the Proprietors of Coal Mines lying beyond those Lands man receive no Benefit from/ the ^Engine, whiph is d ve^y. great Injury, to theipra$ well, as Loss to his Lordftlip. !" - /

1'hat the necessary Wayleaves or Roads directed to be |nade by the said Act, have never been properly made, and they are now much out of Repair; and that-it is necessary, in order to work the said Minefcancb Engine, that the said Way loaves or Roads should Be, properly made and supported by the several Persons who ought to make and fiipport the Tame.;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making Soughs, or Drains, and proper Roads, or Way-leaves, and stich other Works as shall be necessary for working certain Coal Mines, in the Manor of Wilne-cote, in the County of Warwick: And that Sir Edward Bayntun, Sir William Beauchamp Prodlor, and Mr.

Thurlow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Bishop Soil thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other Drainage, Owners of Elhites, at Hafsholm, Burfea, Spaldington, &<-' Gribthorp, Holme, Foggathorpe, Evcringham, Seaton,

Ross, and Harfwell, in the Ealt Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That it appears, by the Votes, that a Petition is presented for a Bill for the embanking, draining, dividing, and inclositig, a Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Bishop Soil, lying within the Parishes of Hoioden, Eaflrington, and Blackto/t, in the said County.; that the ancient* and common Drainage of their said Estates is into

the.

Avion’*

Name.

Coin River to

Maryle Bone Canal.

Rotherhith,

Church.

Geo. III. 240 Februarii 181

the River Foidney, and from thence partly through Two ancient Sewers, called Amsterdam and Thornton Dam, which run through Bishop Soil aforesaid, to the River Ouze; and that they are apprehensive that the Owners and Propr ietors of Bishop Soil intend, by their said Bill, to obtain a Power to flop up their said ancient Water Sewers, which, if afte&ed, the Lands of the Petitioners would be flooded, and rendered of little or no Value: And therefore praying, that if such Bill should pass into a Law, such Clauses and Provisoes may be inserted therein, as the House shall think fit, for the preserving and keeping open the said ancient Water Sewers, and for the preventing any Damage, or Prejudice, to the Estates of the Petitioners, from the Execution of the Powers to be contained in the said Bill; and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, thereupon.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining, a Parcel of Waste Ground, or Common, called Bishop Soil, in the several Parishes of Howden and Eastrington, and in the Parrih, or Parochial Chapelry, of Blacktoft, in the East Riding of the County of York, is committed; and that the Petitioners he heard by their Counsel before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the said Committee.

Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sarah Aylon, Spinlter, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Tyrrel, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherbert, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agred to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Houses and other Estates, and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Giles's in the Fields, in the County of Middlefe.r, on Behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented to the House (amonft other Things) for the bringing of Water from a Branch of the River Colne, near Uxbridge, to a Place near William's Farm House, in the Parish of Saint Mary ie Bone, in the county of % Middlesex, for the better supplying of the City and Liberty of West-mi after, the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, and the adjacent Parishes, with Water; and these Petitioners represent, that a further Supply of Water, is much wanted in the Parish of Saint Giles's in the Fields, and will be of great Use and Convenience to them, and Other Inhabitants thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in such a Bill as aforesaid, and that the same may pals into a Law, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, is referred. v

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers, granted by Two Afrs of Parliament, of the Third of King George the First, and the Eleventh of his late Majesty, for enabling the Parishioners of Saint Alary Rotherhith, in the County of Surrey, by certain Funeral Rates there-VOL.31.

in mentioned, to finifti the said Parish Church, and for purchasing an additional Burial Ground; and to enable them to raise Money for purchasing the present Par-fonage House, and converting the Scite thereof into a Burial Ground, and for providing a new Parsonage House*? was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Gajcoyne, Mr. Skiff her, Mr. Vane, Mr. Hume, Mr. Hervey, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ryder, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Townfield, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Pent on, Lord George Sackville, Lord Carysfort, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mack-worth. Sir John Glynn, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Robert Ladbroke *Mr. Egerton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Brand, Mr. Calvert, Sir John Major s and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Middlesex, Kent, EJ/ex, and Sussex,; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of - the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted, by an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Hidl, to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, T\mt the Bill be committed to Mr. Weddell, Mr. Montagu, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Shijfner, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Robert Manners, Mr. Pen-ton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ilewett, Mr. Luther, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Townfield, Mr. Norris, Lord Carysfort, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Praed, Mr. Gore, Mr. Rafileigh, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. OJbaldtfton, Mr. Gascoyne, Sir John Glynn, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Harvey, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir John Molesworth, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bertie; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Vane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for vesting in the Dean and Chapter of Durham, a certain Piece of Ground, adjoining to the Town of South Shields, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for making an adequate Compensation to the Curate of the Chapel of Saint Hilds, in the said County, and his Successors, for the fame; and to enable the said Dean and Chapter to remove the Fairs and Market out of the said Town, of South Shields, and cause the same to be held on the said Piece of Ground; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments, were Once read throughout; and then a Second, Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Lord Robert Manners, Mr. Stephenson, Mr. Gidftone, Mr. Child, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual repairing, widening, and rendering commodious, the Highways within the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex; and for lighting the Street in Old Brentford, within the said 3 A Paring

Kingston . u^on Hull Road.

Shields

Market

and

Fairs.

Ealing

Roads.

iS2 240 Februarii. A. 1767.

Parish, from the Taming towards Kew Bridgeto a vernor and Company of the New River the better to Street called the Half Acre j is committed. supply the Cities of £/mdon and Westmiijler, and the

Liberties and Suburbs thereof, with good and u hole-Layton Ordered, That Mr. Smith, Mr. Howard, Mr. 77wr- some Water; and of several Gentlemen, and other I11-low, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Legh, Sir Robert habitants of the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Mid-Inclosure. ^nrdett, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Bertie, Lord Frederick dlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; is re-Carnpbell, Mr. Price, ColonelBurgoync, Mr. Keck, Mr. fetred; That they do admit Counsel to be heard, in Coventry, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Harbord, and all Favour of the Petition of the Tmftees appointed to put the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester and in Execution the several Acts of Parliament made for Cumberland, be added to the Committee, to whom the repairing the Highways, or Road, from the Stones End,

Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Waite in the rarish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the Grounds and Sand Hills, called Layton Hawes, within County of Middlesex, to the furthercnoii Part of the the Manor of Layton, in the Parishes of Poulton and Northern Road, in the Parish of Endfield, in the same Bifpham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County committed. of Hertford, which, upon the Fourth Day of this

Instant February was referred to the said Committee,

Bibury Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom against the said former Petition.

Inclosure. ftjj for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Ordered, That it be an Inltaiftion to the said Common Fields, and Commonable Places, within the Parish mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the of jBibury, and Manors of Bibury Ofney and Bibury same Time, inFavour of the former Petition, agftinlt the Northumberland, and the Hamlet or Vill of Arlington, feW 1 aft-mentioned Petition.

all in the said Parish of Bibury, in the County of Glou- Mr. Anthony Bacon reported from the Committee, to Cofgrave cester, was committed, That the Committee had exa- whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Indofu<t* mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, to be true $ and that the Parties concerned had given Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfactiort of the Com- Township and Liberties of Cofgrave, in the County of mittee; and that the Committee had gone through the Northampton, exclusive of Brownfwood Green, and Ken*

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which fonfield, in the Parish of Cofgrave, in the said County, they had directed him to report to the House; and he committed, That the Committee had examined the read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; to the gill, to the Salisfaaion of the Committee; and and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amend- made several Amendments thereunto; which they had ments to several of them, agreed to by the House. directed him to report to the House; and he read the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, ingrossed. with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and Tunbridge Mr* Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the the Bili for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells, Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by Roads. *n the County of Kent, to Stvifts Den, in the Parish of the House. -

Etchingham, and from Front to Pofmgworth Great Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Wood, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, leading ingrossed, to Blackboys, in the County of Snffex, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of A Petition of the several Owners, and divers Lease- Layton the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the holders of Messuages, Tenements, Lands, and Pre- Hav*lel Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several misses, within the Manor or Lordship of Layton, or Incourc* Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Layton with Warbreck, in the County of Lancaster, who to report to the House; and he read the Report in his have Right of Common for all their Cattle and Sheep Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the upon Layton Common, and other Wafie Grounds within Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the the Manor or Lordship of Layton or Layton u ith War-Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a breck aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill for inn and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, closing divers Parcels of Common and Waste Ground, agreed to by the House. within the said Manor or Lordship, is shortly intended

A Clause was offerred to be added to the Bill, for to be brought into the House; and that, should the same limiting the Number of Gates to be set upon certain pass into a Law, the Petitioners will be totally deprived Parts of the Road. of their Right of Common upon Layton Common, and

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; other Waste Grounds in Layton, or Layton with War-which being filled up the said Clause was, upon the breck aforesaid, which would be a great Detriment and Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to Injury to them: And therefore praying to be heard, by be made Part of the Bill. their Counsel, against the said Bill, and to be relieved

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be therein, ingrossed. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

«ntil the Report be received from the Committee, to River Lee Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Navigation, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put Waste Grounds and Sand Hills, called Layton Hawes, in Execution an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the within the Manor of Layton, in the Parishes of Poulton Reign of his late Majesty, for ascertaining, preserving, and Bifpham, in the County Palatine oi Lancaster, is and improving the Navigation of the River Lee, from committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by the Town of Her ford, to the Town of Ware, in the their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition*

County of Hertford; and for preserving and improving if they think fit. the said River, from the said Town of Ware, to the

New Cut or River, made by the Mayor, Commonalty, A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the DUlreifcd and Citizens of London; and for enabling the Go- Came of Norwich, was presented to the House, and Debtors.

*6 ' read;

7 Geo. III. 24* — 25* Februariu 183

read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being-read;

Bankrupts. Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more equal and effectual Distribution of the Estates and Effects of Merchants, Bankers, Traders, Scriveners, Factors, or Brokers, de* ceased*, and for the better Security of the Estates and’ Effects of such Persons, described as aforesaid, becoming Bankmpts in their Life-times.

A Messuage from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

Importation The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ot fallow, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable c* upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard* and Grease*

without any Amendment: And also,

Radnorshire The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Roads. Actforamending,repairing, and widening, several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford, without any Amendment; And also,

Oxford The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Botl^ -^Ct ^or rePa,r*n£ arM* widening the Road from the West causeway End of Thames Street, in the City of Oxford, over Rot-Road. ley causeway, to the Turnpike Road near Fifield, in the County of Berks, without any Amendment: And also* Halton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Inclosure, Act ^or hiding and inclosing Halton Green, and for disposing of other Grounds, within the Township of Halton East, in the Parish of Skipton, in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also.

Carline The Lords have agreed to the Bill, i ntituled, An Inclosure. Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Moor, called Carlijlt and Cummerfdale Moor, in the County of Cumberland, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuric 2 50 die Februarii}

Anno 70 Georgii IIItU I^egis, 1767*

pRAtE.RS.

tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Three Persons, whose Property in the said Parish con-, fists of Two Yard Lands* and Two Eighths of a Yard Land; and also One other Person, who is possessed of a ftnall Parcel of Land, of the yearly Value of about 40 Shillings who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consist of Fifty-two Yard Lands, and Three Eighths of a Yard Land; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there* upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments* be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Prifofters in Warwick Goal, on be- Diilretfed half of themselves and other Prisoners confined in Pri- Debtors* son, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the Ibid.Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant tp Wilts the Clerk of the Crown* to make out a new Writ for Writ,

the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Wilts> in the room of Sir Robert Long, Baronet, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Cofgrav* and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf- Inclosure* tures* Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands* within the Township and Liberties of Cofgrave, in the County of Northampton, excliifive of Brownfivood Greenh and Kenfonfidd, in the Parish of Cofgrave* in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing apd inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures^ Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Township and Liberties of Cofgrave, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of Brownfivood Green, and Ken+ fonfield, in the Parish of Cofgrave, in the said County.,

Ordered, That Mr. Anthony Bacon do Carry the Bill to the Lords* and desire their Concurrence.

iibury A N ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure* and Common. Fields* and Commonable Places* within the Parish of Bibury, aild Manors of Bibury Ofney and Bibury Northumberland, and the Hamlet or Vill of Arlington, all in the said Parish of Bibury 3 hi the County of Gloucester,was read the Third Time. v

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Comnionable Places, within the Parish of Bibury, and Manors of Bibury Ofney and Bibury Northumberland, and the Hamlet or Vill o{Arlington, all in the said Parish of Bibkry, in the County of Gbucester.

Ordered That Mr. Barroiv do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cofby Mr. Darker reported from the Committee, to Whom Inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and Commonable Places, in Copy and Littlethorpe, in the Parish of Copj, in the County of Leicester, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allega-V0U31.

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’? Marine Marine Forces* while on Shore, was read the Third force* Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass i And that the Title be* An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine forces* while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Stevens do caity the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

Mr. Stevens from the Commffioners for executing Navy the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain* pre- Officers* fented to the Hoilfe* pursuant to their Orders, Widows*

A Lift of the Number of Widows of the Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, who were and are now entitled to Relief, from any of the Funds established for that purpose; with the Rank of their late Husbands, and what has been paid to each Widow, from the 31st of May 1750 to the 31st of May 17665 distin^ guishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Produce of the several Funds established for the Relief of the poor Widows of the Com-

million

184 25-° — 2 6°

million and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, and the Application thereof, from the 3 ill of May 1750 to the 31st of May 1766; dist the Produce of each Fund, and each Year.

Mr. Stevens also, from the said Commissioners, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copy of a Report made by the Commissioners, for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, in relation to an Augmentation of the Allowances at pfefent made to the Widows of Sea Officers.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sowerby A Petition of John Sowerby, of Sowerby Rozes in the inclosure. Parish of Castlefowerby, in the County of Cumberland, Gentleman, and the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Tenements within the Manor and Parish of Cajile-fowerby aforesaid, and having Right of Common on the Waites and Commons lying in the Manor and Parish aforesaid, on behalf of themselves and many other Persons interested in the said Waites and Commons, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, in respect of their several Lands and Tenements, are entitled to Right of Common upon the said Waites and Commons; and that the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented to the House, alledging, that if Sozverby Palture, and other Waste Grounds within the said Manor, containing 5000 Acres, were divided and inclosed, the same might be greatly improved; and alledging, that these Petitioners have never come into any Agreement for dividing and metaling* the fame; and that they apprehend stich Division and inclosure will be extremely prejudicial to them, and others: And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill* and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ditto. A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Tenements within, and Parcel of, the Manor and Forest of Inglewood, in the County of Cumberland, and as such having Right of Common of Palture, and other Privileges, in and upon the Waite and Commons, and within the said Manor and Forest, on behalf of themselves, and divers others, interested in the said Waites and Commons, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, in respect of their said several Lands and Tenements, and of a yearly Rent, called Fell Rent, which they pay to the Lord of the said Manor and Forest, and under divers Grants from the Crown, are entitled to a Right of Common upon the Wastes and Commons within the said Manor land Forest; and that the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill to divide and inclose Sowerby Pafturei and sundry small Parcels of Waste Ground, lying within the Manor of Cajtlefowerby, and Parcel of the said Forest, containing, by Eliiination, FiveThoufand Acres, or thereabouts; and alledging that these Petitioners have never come into any Agreement for dividing and inclosing the said Commons; and that they apprehend such Divifton and Inclosure will be extremely prejudicial to them, and many others: And therefore praying. That they may have Leave to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were Severally, ordered to lie upon the Table.

Offices Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen,

Em iDyracrts w*10 are aPP°*nte(*to PrePare> and bring in, a Bill to in-

Februarii. 1767.

domnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify thcui-selves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify*

Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to n> gifter, or deliver in, their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes: and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be damped, according to the several Acts now in Force for that Purpose, or, having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly damped I and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for given further Time to Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, and Clerks of the Peace, of the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England, to make Certificates concerning the Militia, in the Manner they were directed to do by anA6t passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, Au A6i for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1766; and for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, pasted in the 2d, 4th, and 5th Years of the Reign of Mis present Majesty, relating to the railing and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England $ and for indemnifying such Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, and Clerks of the Peace, as have omitted to make such Certificates.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Fortnight. the House-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- High Price ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of roviUons* Provisions.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- High Price ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole , House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn* Corn.

Resolved, That this House will. Upon Friday Mom- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Mcan& House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty,

Resolved, That this House, will upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow 1 Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 26° die Februarii;

Anno 7* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

A Bill for building a Bridge cross Stonehouse Creek, Stonehouse from Stonehouse to Plymouth Docky in the County Creek of Devon, was read a Second Time. BritJge.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pitty Co\one\Howe9 Mr. Color aft, Sir George Yonge, Mr Sturt

Mr!

Shields

Market

and

Fairs.

Itching

River

Navigation.

Swettenbams’

Name.

OIney

Inclosure.

7 Geo. III. 26° Februarii.

Mr. Clive, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Vane, Sir Charles Hardy, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Upton, Mr. Dodd, Lord Howe, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Bent inch, Sir Gibbons, Sir William May ward, Lord North, Mr. Filzherbert, Mr. Dimmer, Sir LV/zV Cunliffe, Me Bzz//, Si r Charles Fredrick, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Skiff}ier, Mr. Pest-ton. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Whately Mr. Town-Jkend; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting in the Dean and Chapter of Durham, a certain Piece of Groupd, adjoining to the Town of South Shields, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for making an adequate Compensation to the Curate of the Chapel of Saint Hilds, in the said County, and his Successors, for the fame; and to enable the said Dean and Chapter to remove the Fairs and Market out of the said Town of South Shields, and cause the same to be held on the said Piece of Ground; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for vesting in the Dean and Chapter of Durham, a certain Piece of Ground adjoining to the Town of South Shields, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for making an adequate Compensation to the Curate of the Chapel of Saint Hilds, in the said County, and his Successorsrfor the fame; and for enabling the said Dean and Chapter to remove the Fairs and Market out of the said Town of South Shields, and cause the same to be held on the said Piece of Ground.

Oi'dered, That Mr. Vane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Penton presented to the House, according to Or der, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the 16th and 17th Years of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise passable, for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, so far as the same relates to the River Itching, running from Alresford, through Winchester, to the Sea, near Southampton, and for better regulating the said Navigation; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Willis, Esquire, (lately called Thomas Sweltenham) and his Ilfue, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Willis, pursuant to the Will of Daniel Willis, Esquire, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord North reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Olney, in the County of Bucks, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to sOne of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol.

A Petition of Stephen Croft, of the City of York, York Francis Cholmanlexj of Branjby, in the County of York, Road‘ John Thompson, of Kirby Hall, in the said County, and William Stainforth, of Stilling Urn, in the said County,

Esquires, on the Behalf of themselves, and divers others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners observe, that a Petition has been presented to the House, for a Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from the South End of the Horse Fair, near the City of York, by Wigginlon Mill, over Seel Car, through Sutton upon Forest, and Stillington, and by Branjby Mill, through Gilling, to the Top of Oj: xvaldkirk Bank, in the North Riding of the County of York4, and therefore these Petitioners pray to be permitted to oppose the passing the said Bill into a Law, by themselves or Counsel, because they apprehend, that, if, the same should pais into a Law, it will be a very great Burthen upon the Country, as the Road cannot be effectually repaired by any reasonable Toll; that the Turnpike Road from York to Northallerton lays within a Mile or Two of the new intended Road, for near Ten Miles together; and that the said Road, h&s not been duly considered and approved by the several Persons who haye Estates adjoining upon the fame. ’

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of York, and of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York, is referred.

Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, avi£al*on* Tradesmen, and others, of the County of York, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to themT, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tables Where the same was read; and is as foIfeWeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Jfaac Milburn, a Surveyor, being examined^ said, That lie knows the Country from Emetlland to Great Driffield; that he had surveyed the Rivers, Streams, and Becks, between those Places and the Country adjoining thereto, and had taken Levels for making a Navigation: that he made and took the said Survey and Levels by the Direction of Mr. Conyers of Malton, in pursuance of a Meeting of the principal Gentlemen of the County held at Driffield for that Purpose.

Mr. John Grundy, Engineer, being examined, said,

That he had seen the Survey, Levels, and Plan, taken by Mr. Milburn; and that he had upon the Spot C01U7 pared them with the Country, and found them true, from whence he drew a Plan for a Navigation, which may be easily made and completed agreeable thereto; and laid the same before the Committee: That he had likewise surveyed the River or Stream, from Froding-ham Bridge to the River Hull, which is not at present; navigable at all Times, but is capable of being made so: That the Expence of making and completing the said Navigation, from Emertland to Driffield, and from Frodingham Bridge to the River Hull, will be about £.7,450. And from his Observation he is of Opinion, that such Navigation may be carried into the Middle of the Town of Driffield, for the additional Expence of£-35°-

That the proposed Navigation will be a Means of draining the adjoining I^ands that are now subject to be overflowed, as he has calculated the Cuts to be made so deep, that the Surface of the navigable W^ter will be Two Feet under the Surface of those Lands, and by which Means the navigable Canals will serve as a Mother Drain for the Country.

Mr. William Coates a Cora FaCior and Waterman

3 B being

i86

26® Februarii.

A. 1767*

being examined, said, That he had navigated the River Hull, from the Port of Hull to Emertland, upwards of Twenty Years: That he had sometimes found Obllruc-ti<Jns in the Navigation, from Shoals, by reason whereof, and in drySeafons, they are obliged to unload their Goods into unaller Vessels: That they now tow their Vessels with Men, and thinks if they were permitted to tow them with Horses, it would save in the Freight of each Vessel containing Thirty-five or Forty Ton, Six Shillings.

Mr. William. Porter, a Corn Factor, being examined,

laid, That he buys Corn at , and in the neigh-

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,. and Commonable Places, in and

thorpe, in the Parish. of Cojby, in the County of ter, was read the Third Time.

Refolvird, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and Commonable Places, in Cojby, and in the Parish of Cojby, in the County of Lekefter.

Ordered, That Mr. Darker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Colby

Indofurf.

Le*»eof

Able net.

riage of a Quarter of Corn by Land, from Driffield to Emertland, is One Shilling and Six Pence, which he apprehends will be carried by this Navigation for Four Pence Lock Duties, and Two Pence Freight.

OrdeThat Mr. have Leave to go into the

bOuring Country, which he fends by Land Carriage^to Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Emertland, Frodingham Bridge, and Corps-landing, and from thence by Water Carriage to Hull: That the Car- A Petition of Thomas Walton, and Walton, Riw Ltt

riage of a Ton of Merchants Goods by Land, from of London, Merchants, Gunpowder-makers, and Part-Emertland to Driffield, is Eight Shillings, which he ap- ners, was presented to the I Ioufe, and read; Setting prebends may be conveyed by Means of this Naviga- forth, That it appears by the Votes of the House, that tion, for Three Shillings and Six Pence Lock Duties, a Petition hath been presented for a Bill for the further and One Shilling Freight. improving the Navigation of the River Lee-, and that

That the Carriage of a Chaldron of Coals by Land; these Petitioners are possessed of divers Lands, M ills, from Emertland to Driffield, is Eight Shillings, which Streams, Waters, and Fishings, in the Parish of he apprehends may be carried by this Navigation for tham Holy in the County of Essex, and partieu-Two Shillings and Six Pence Lock Duties, and One larly of a Mill River (supplied by Three Inlets, or Chan-Shilling and Six Pence Freight; and that the Car- nels, from the said River Lee; whereon the Petitioners

have built Eleven Water Mills, and other considerable Works, for the making of Gunpowder, in which Rufi-ness the Petitioners, in all Times of Necelhty for Gun-,powder, have employed all such Mills, for a great -That Four Meetings of the principal Gentlemen of Length of Time together, for the Service of Govera-the Country had been held. Two at Driffield, and Two ment, and at all Times past, the Petitioners have made at Malton, to consider of an Application to Parliament considerable Quantities of Gunpowder for the Public ♦for making this Navigation: That he attended those Service; and that the Petitioners have, within these few Meetings, apd that many Proprietors of Land were Years paso,aid °nt many Thousand Pounds in inprefeat, and that it was the general Sense of the Gen- leafing and improving the said Mills and Works, re-tlemen present to make such Application, and that l>T\ng on the Act of Tthe Twelfth Year of his late Ma-

" ' jesty, that the said Navigation should for ever be continued in the same Channel, wherein the same then run; and that the Petitioners said River and Mills are supplied with Water by Means of an ancient Lock erected

__________ _ __________ on the said River Lee, which, the Petitioners are i<i-

Jlf^OTj i^purfu^ce of Notice"befog sent by Letter formed, may become useless, with regard to the said tP the Proprietors of Land and others, to consider of Navigation, and may be destroyed, if the Alterations pm Application to Parliament for making a Navigation intended should take place, and thereby, and otherwise, from Emertland to Driffield: That he attended the the Petitioners said Mills, River, and Property, will be-Meetings at Malton, and that it was the general Sense come greatly mjured: And therefore praying, That they of the Gentlemen at those Meetings that such Appli- »y heard, by their Counsel, agamlb the Prayer of cation should be made, and that there were not any Petition; and, if it lho-jld be thought proper

Objections made to it; and he produced to your Com- Permit a m to brought m for the Purposes there-

mittee an Account of several Sums of Money that had mentioned, then that they may be heard, by their

been subscribed towards carrying on this Undertaking, Counsel against such Bill, in order that proper Provrfion

may be made therein to secure the Petitioners laid Property from Injury.

there were not any Objections made to it.

Mr. James Luccock, being examined, said. That he 1 knew of two Meetings of the Proprietors of Lands to "be held at GreatDnffield, being advertised in the York

Courant, and that Two other Meetings were held at

fan

h[

amounting to £.6,650 and he apprehends the whole Sum necessary would have been subscribed, if he had been able to attend the Gentlemen concerned; and that he knows of several Persons who will subscribe to the carrying on of this Navigation.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

A Petition of George Byrd, Esquire, on behalf of him self, and the rest of the Proprietors of the Westham Water Works, in the County of Essex, was also present-

Ditto.

improving and extending the Navigation of the Rivers edt0 House, and rfead; Setting forth, riiat the Pro-

— — 1 _ . w M rvnotat thn loul \V ntne WArlrc horn Iai* tiivnnninir

Hull, and the King's River, or West Beck, from the Port

of Kingston upon Hull, into or near the Town of Great Driffield, and to Frodingham Bridge, in the East Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Heivet, and Admiral Frank-land, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bennett's

Name.

An ingossed Bill to enable Richard Bennet, Esquire, and hislffue, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Coffin, pursuant to the Will of Richard Coffin, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Refokcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Richard Bennet, Esquire, and his Issue, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Cof

prietors of the said Water Works have, for fur milling the Inhabitants of Stratford, Row, Bromley,

Mile End, Stepney, and other Parishes and Places adjoining, with good and wholesome Water, at a very considerable Expence, built Rel'ervatories for Water, and also a Fire Engine, to be worked by Fire, and made Cuts, and laid Pipes into the Cut, or Stream, made out of the River Lee, which supplies a Mill, called Saines Mill, lying above the said Works; and in order to extend and render more ufefiil the said Undertaking; by having their Property therein secured to them, obtained an Act in the 2 ill Year of his late Majesty, whereby they were authorized to make and maintain

proper

Works, Devices, and Buildings, for conducting or con-

to'ihe VuTtf MW veW 'V"er *f.‘‘uff4 "T!*1 fdDP1¥"'

M 9 and that, since the Palling of the said Act, the Petition-

Ordered, That Mr. Sandysdo carry the Bill to the ers have been at a further very great Expence, and have

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. also erected oa the said Stream> a a*r Mill,

15

7 Geo. III. 26° Febru 187

is and an Engine for faffing of Water, the better to Supply

the Inhabitants of the aforesaid Towns, and also Beth-nall Green, Shadwell, Cockhitl, Ratcliff, and other Places adjacent; and the Petitioners Expences of their different Purchases, Erections, and Works, for supplying the said Inhabitants with Water, have-amounted to upwards of £.40,000; and that it appears, by the Votes of the House, that a Petition hath been presented for a Bill for further improving the Navigation of the River Zee; and that these Petitioners, in case new Cuts and Canals -are made, will be greatly injured: And therefore pray-, fog, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel,

against the said Petition; and that they may have such

'Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Commit-‘ tee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees ap-

pointed to put in Execution an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of'his late Majesty, for ascertaining, preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the River Zee, from the Town of Hertford, to the Town of Ware, in the County of H; and for preserving and improving the said River, from the said Town of Ware, to the new Cut or River, made by ,the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of London-, and for enabling the - Governor and Company I of the New River the better to supply the Cities of London and and the Liber-

ties and Suburbs thereof, with good and wholesome Water; and of several Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants of the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and MidcUeJex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; is referred; and these Peti-tioiters are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit. -

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the former Petition, against I the Petitions now presented.

Stan well A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

.Incbfure. thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Farms, Lands and Tenements, within the several Parishes of HHarlington, Cranford, Hejion, {/leworth, Twickenham, Teddington, Hampton, Hanworth, Feltham, and in the Coun-

ty of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read. Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for dividing and inclositig the several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Woods, Commons, Moors, and Waste Land, within the Manor of Stanwell and Hemonds, otherwise Shipcot, and Parish of Stanwell, in the said County of Middlesex; and that the ? several Commons, and Waste Lands, lying within the

laid Parish of Stanwell, and intended to be inclosed as aforesaid, are Part of the large and extensive Common, or Heath called Hounfimo Heath, over and upon every Part of which, the Petitioners, as well as the Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Cottages, Lands and Tenements within the said Parish being Parishioners, and j Inhabitants, within the same Parishes, are entitled to,

1 and have for Time immemorial enjoyed. Common of

e Pasture for their Cattle and Sheep, at all Times in the

4 Year, without Stint, and, in case such Part of the said

1 Heath, as extends into the Parish of Stanwell, is inclo-

r fed, such Inclosure will not only be very injurious to all

the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Cottages, and Te-

nements, in the said Parish of Stanwell, except the Lord of the said Manors, but will also be prejudicial to the

Rights and Properties of the Petitioners, and others entitled to such Right of Common as aforesaid: And therefore praying, that the said Bill may not pals into

» Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, a VOL.31,

until the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, or Lammas Lands,

Commons, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Stanwell and Hemonds, alias Shipcot, and Parish of Stanwell, in the County of Middlesex, be read a Second Time.

M r.Grosvenorreported from the Committee, to whom Swinton*

the Petition of Doctor Peter Swand Mary his Pe^*lo°

Wife Devisee and Executrix of Ann A Aon, deceased, Recorn^ac#, who was the Devisee and Executrix of Mary Daffy, deceased, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition is as followeth; viz.

The Agent for the Petitioners produced the Probate of the Will of the said Mary Daffy, and also of the said Ann A Bon; whereby it appeared that Mary Daffy gave all her Estates tq her Sifter Ann Acton, who afterwards devised the same to Mary Brereton, her Niece.

And by the Evidence of General GanJ'elL it further appeared, that in the Rebellion in 1745, his Royal Highness the late Duke of Cumberland ordered the Witness to join General Douglas, and to aflllt him in the King’s Affairs, and that the General directed him to officiate as Engineer: That the General ordered him to make Report of the necessary Disposition for the Defence of the City and Castle.

That upon examining the Works, the Witness found it necessary, for the more immediate Safety of the Castle, to pull down several Houses that were directly opposite the weakest Part of it, and close adjoining to the Ditch of the Castle; which Houses, belonging to the late Mrs. Daffy, were situate in a Manor or Lord-lliip independant of the City or Castle, though within the City Walls.

That Lord Cholme ndeley,who was then Governor and Constable of ChefierC,astle, left it to the Witness to act upon the Occasion as he thought proper; whereupon the Witness went to Mrs. Daffy, and acquainted her that her Houses must be pulled down, and found Mrs.

Daffy very ready to consent that they should be taken down; and at the same time Ihe expressed the greatest Desire of doing every thing in her Power to assist His Majesty’s Affairs, and left it to the Witness to do with her Efitate what he should think most proper; and she added, that ffie took it for granted Ihe should be indemnified for the Losses ihe should sustain, as soon as the Troubles should be over.

The Witness remembers he told her, ihe need not in the least doubt the Justice of Government,- to indeni nify her for any Losses Ihe should receive in the Support of Government.

That Mrs. Daffy feerped extremely well satisfied, and even encouraged the Men in pulling down her Houses; that they were pulled down, and the Materials, such as Lead, Timber, fif c.were carried into the Castle. to be made use of for his Majesty’s Service, or returned to her: And the Witness added, that he particularly remembers a very fine Orchard was at the same Time destroyed, then in seeming Perfection, which, though not mentioned, he knows was Mrs. Daffy's Property.

That soon afterwards he went to and at his

Return which was about Two Years afterwards. Governor Popple acquainted him, that the Family of the Daffy's were applying to Government, in Order to obtain Satisfaction for the Damages they had sustained, for several Houses having been pulled down for the Security of the Castle of Chester in the late Rebellion, and which had not been included either in the Estimate made by Lord Cholmondeley of Damages sustained relative to the Defence of the Castle, or by the Magistrates of the

Town,

Carlton

Inclosure.

188 26° Februarii. 1767.

Town, as in fad not annexed to the Government of either, though situate between them.

The Governor then shewed the Witness an Estimaie of Damages sustained by Mrs. Daffy, attested by Two Surveyors on Oath, made before Mr. Salsbury and Mr.

Williams both of which Magistrates were intimately known to him the said Witness, amounting to between 6 and £.700 and the Witness then made this Observation to Governor Popple, " That he was extremely glad " to fee the Estimate was not greater, for that he thought " the Damage done upon that Spot mull have been " much more," and that he then alked if the Materials were included in this Estimate, and the Governor an-fvvered, he could not tell; that the Witness then said, as he could venture to declare upon his Oath, that the material Articles contained in that Estimate were true, there was all the Reason in the World to suppose the trilling Parts of it were also true; and that he thought there could be no Objection made by any one to affixing such an Attestation to the Estimate; and therefore the Witness accordingly did it.

That about a Year and an half aftenvards, the Witness met the late Mr. Salsbury, who told him, that the then Application to the Treasury had mifearried, through the Mismanagement of the Gentlemen who had undertaken to solicit the Affair.

That Dr. Suunton no sooner became possessed of the Eliate in Right of his Wife, but he frequently, and in the most earned and most pressing Manner, applied to the Witness to give him a fresh Attestation agreeable to the Purport of the First, which was millaid in the Treasury; but the Witness said, he was unwilling to give a Second Attestation, for fear there might be any Difference in them; but concluded with saying, that "he should think it his Duty, as an honest Man, to give Evidence to the Truth, whenever he should be called upon, but could not presume to make himself an officious Evidence, as it might give Offence.

That upon every Change in the Treasury the Do6tor has applied to the Witness, and he has always given him the same Answer.

And it further appeared to your Committee, that the principal Money Hated to the said Estimate, and the Interest thereupon at 5 Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the beginning of September 1745 to the present Time, amounts to the Sum of 1,435, or thereabouts.

Then Mr. Leake, a Clerk in the Treasury, produced a Copy of his Majesty’s Warrant, dated the ift of March 1747, directing Compensation to be made to the City of'Chester, and to several of the Inhabitants thereof, for the Losses sustained by them in the late Rebellion; and it docs not appear to your Committee, that the Amount of the Losses sustained by the said Mary Daffy are included in the said Warrant.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That the Petition of William Mellijli, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Carlton in -drick, in the County of Nottinghamand the most considerable Proprietor of Common Right Farms, or Tenements, Sheep, and Beall Gates, in Carlton, and the Parish of Carlton afor'esaid, and of the Honourable and Reverend Gideon Murray, Doctor in Divinity, Rector of the said Parish, in Right of the said Rectory, entitled to all Great and Small Tithes whatsoever, to certain. Glebe Lands, and several Sheep and Beall Gates within, the said Parish; and of John White and Ralph Knight, Esquires, George Shuttleworth, and Marmaduke calfe, Gentlemen, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them-lelves and others, Proprietors of Lands and Tenements in Carlton aforesaid; which was prefeuted to the House upon the 26th Day of January lait, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Heivelt and Sir Francis Vincent do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Dai, in

the Parish of Efchingham, and from Frant to -

worth Great Wood, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, leading to Blackboys, in the County of Siffex, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9.1. 4. To leave out " and, " and insert, " Two" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells in the County of Kent, to Swifts Den, in the Parish of Efchingham, and from Frant to Poffmgivorth Great Wood, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, leading to Blackboys in the County of Suffer.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from the Borough of Warwick to King's Norton, and to the upper End of Gamozo Green, and to the End of the Parish

of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, to the Bell Inn, in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Archer, Mr. Montagu, Lord Winterton, Mr. Fomiereau, Mr. Harris, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Sandys, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Hayes, Mr 'Mr.Methuen,

Mr. Leigh, Mr. Grey, Mr. Bagot, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Gore, Mr. Aufrere, Mr. ConwaMr. , Sir John

Elwell, Lord Catherlough, Lord Granby, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Calvert, Sir John Glynne, Sir Lascelles, Mr. Burrell, Sir Joseph Maivbey, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Townshend, Mr. West, Mr. Barroiv, Sir George Yonge, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Mel-lish. Sir Richard Mills, Mr. Buller, Lord John Palmer, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mackxoorth, Mr. Shiffner; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wanoick, Worcester, Leicester, Nottingham, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Nobility, and the humble Petition of the Gentry, and other Inhabitants residing in and about Grosvenor, Portman, Hanover, Cavendish, Soho, and Bloomsbury Squares, and others the Inhabitants redding in and about Oxford Road, and the Parish of Saint

Mary le Bone, and other adjacent Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it appears from the Votes, that the Trustees of Uxbridge Road have petitioned for a Renewal of their Act, and for Leave to advance their Toll; and that there is a ltraight Road leading from the further Bridge in Notiing Lane, (situated on the Uxbridge Road) over Shepherds Bu/h Common, through Gold Lock Lane, thence through Stanfaft Lane, and Stanfaft Brook, over otherwise Turnham Common, through a narrow Lane that comes into the great Western Road, near the Five Mile Stone on Turnltam Green, which the Petitioners desire may be taken into the Distritt, and made a Part of the Uxbridge Trull, as the same will be of great public Utility.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House;

And if is referred to Mr. Sir Chai'les -

daunt. Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Ward,

Mr.

T an bridge Wells, kc. Roads.

Warwick thro’ King’s Nortoa Road.

Tybora

and

Uxbridge

Road.

7 Geo. III.

itr — o.'f

Bratton

Corner

Road.

Mr. Sulivan, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Fon-nereau, Mr. Clive, Mr. Shiffne Mr. Calvert, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Kynaston , Mr. Alderman Ix>vd Burgherjk, Sir Joseph Mr. Mr. Harris, Mr. DyJ'on, Sir Roger Mr.

well, Mr. Lotaides, Mr. Bindley, Lord Verney, Sir John

Gibbons, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Bullock, Sir Ellis Sir

Charles Hardy, Sir Charles K Tynte, Mr. Mr. Brudeneil, Lord Percy, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Rigby;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, Kent, and Sujex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, alter, and amend, an Act for repairing and widening several Roads, leading from between the Second and Third Mile Stones on the Turnpike Road, between the Town and County of Poole and Winborn Minjter, in the County of to Bratton

Corner, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing and widening the Road, from the Turnpike in ston, to or near a House called Fontleroy's Farm House, in the County of Dorset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

the Manors of Slamvelland Hemonds, alias and

Parish of Slamvell, in the County of Middlesex;

The Counsel for and against the BUI were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the several Persons, whose jS'ames are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Cottages or Tenements in the Parish of Slantin the County of Middlesex; and also, the Petition of George Richard Carter, Esquire, Samuel Clark, Esquire, Jer-voife Clark, Esquire, John Bullock, Esquire, and the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Farms and Lands in the Parish of Stain the County of Middlesex; were read.

And the Counsel against the Bill were heard, and examined several Wit nodes, in Support of the said Petitions, and summed up their Evidence.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lenton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Radford Meadows, Common Paftnrcs, and Commonable Lands, Inclosure. tying South of the Turnpike Road leading from Nottingham to Alfretan,within the Liberties and Townships of Lenton and Radford, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Sh(finer. Sir John Glynne, Mr. Clive, Mr. Harbord, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Joseph Mazobey, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Burt, Mr. Ward, Sir William Baker, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Sandys, Admiral Keppel, Lord North, Mr. Lane, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Prefcolt^Mr. Bindley, Mr. Grey, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Mr.

Ongley, Mr. Fitzhei'bert, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Morgan,

' Mr. Mackioorth, Sir John and all the Mem-i

fcers who serve for the Counties of Nottingham,

cester, Derby, Lincoln, and .- And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber

Rnddington A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, inclosure. Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Liberties of Ruddington, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hewett, Sir Roger Kewdigate, Mr. Fuller, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Darker, Mr. PennanMr. Prescott, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Penton Mr. Grofoenor, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Kxfnajton, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Montagu, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Joseph Mazobey, Mr. Burt, Sir John Glynne, Mr. GaJ'coyne, Mr. Harris, Mr. Sulivan, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Neville, Captain Benlinck, Mr. Covently, Sir William Beauchamp Prodtor, Sir John Griffin, Colonel Here ey, Sir William Baker, Lord Carysfort, Lord Burgherjli, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Walter s and all the Member? who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, LeiccjlDerby, Lincoln, and York:

And. they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’? Chamber.

Stanwell The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Inclosure. Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds or Lammas Lands, Commons, Moors, and Waste Lands, Within Vot.

Feneris, 2j0 die Februarii;

Anno 7* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hof or d and Mr. l\. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An chorley Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons, or indolure. Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Chorley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Teylingen*» for naturalizing Theodore Van Teylingen, an Infant, Nat. without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act old for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Iaclosure* Grounds, Lanes, and Waste Grounds,within the Manor and Parish of Old, otherwise Would, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bentham for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, such Part of cer- Moor tain Commons and Walle Grounds, called Bentham inclosure' Moor, as lieth within the Manor of in the

West Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Northfieli for amending and widening the Road leading from the tec. Bell Inn at Northfield,in the County of to

the Wootton Turnpike in the great Turnpike Road leading from Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick to Birmingham, in the same County, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Yaxley for'dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Inclosure. Common Pallure, and Walle Grounds, and also the Marsh and Fenny Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Yaxley, in the County of Huntingdon, without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by Bauirprtner’j this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for natura- at‘ lizing John’Lewis Baumgartner; And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Purleigh annexing the Rectory of Purleigh, in the County oiEJfex, Reftwy.

3 C to

190 2 7° Februa 1767.

to the Office of Provost of the House of the blessed Mary the Virgin, in Oxford, commonly called Oriel

College, of the Foundation of Edward the Second, of famous Memory, sometime King of England-, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefl'engers withdrew.

And the said ingrossed Bill from the Lords was read the Firrt Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vryttondham, A Bill for continuing the Term of several Acts for Rends repairing the Hoad between and Attleborough, in the County of and for amending

the Road from the End of the Town in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Chalk Pitts, near Thetford, in the said County of Norfolk; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Armine Wodehouse, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Dc Grey, Mr. Ward, Lord Hinchingbrook, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Machearth Mr. Mr.

Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Jlolt, Mr. Mr. Drax, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Sir Roger Neiodigate, Mr Fonnereau, Mr. Mr. Grey,'Sir.

Toumjhend, Mr. Montagu, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir John Delaval, Mr. Darker, Mr. Tuffnell, Sir Francis Delaval, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Hewett, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Cormoall, Mr. Sandys, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Doivdefzoell, Mr. Lane, Mr. Herne; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, and Lin-

coln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Liverpool Sir Ellis presented to the House, according to

ne* Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted

urc byan Act of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for erecting and building Two new Churches, and providing Burial Places, in the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same were received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cubbington Sir Roger Newdigalc reported from the Committee, to lodofure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of -bington, in the County of Warwick, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House: And several Araenclments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ancholme Lord Broicnlvw Bertie presented to the House, ac-Dra'mage, cording to Order, a Bill for the more effectual draining the Lands lying in the Level of Ancholme, in the County of Lincoln, and making the River Ancholme navigable, from the River Humber, at or near a Place called Fcrryby Sluice, in the County of , to the

Town of GUmford Briggs, and for continuing the said

Navigation up or pear to the said River, from th$uQ$ zi

to Bishop Briggs, in the said County of Lincoln: And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, whose Tenterdeaj Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners °* are informed Application has been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Town of,

in the County of Kent,to the Bottom of Barroics Hill,

near Afford, in the said County; and setting forth, that the Road leading from Bull Green, in the said County, through High llulden, to Daflnnanden, in the Parish of Biddenden, in the said County of Kent, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and incommodious to Travellers, and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Methods provided by Law: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and widening the said last mentioned Road, in such Manlier as to the House ilia.ll seem meet.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, whose Ditto. Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the preceding Petition; and setting forth, that the Road leading from the Bottom of Barrows Hill, to the Cattle at the Entrance of the Town of ford, in the said County of Kent, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and incommodious to Travellers, and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Methods provided by Law; And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and widening the said last mentioned Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a large Open and j^endip Uncultivated Common, or Tract of Ground, Parcel Iucloime. of the Forest of Mendip, in the Parish of Stoke Saint Michael, otherwise Stoke Lane, in the County of set, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Grey, Mr. Ryder, Lord Grey, Mr. Pennant,

Lord Downe, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Whately,

Mr. Kynaston, Sir George Armitage, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Bull, Mr. Webb, Lord Orwell, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Lewis, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Toumjhend, General Mr. Penton,

Mr. Darker, Sir Edmund Isham, Lord Catherlough, Sir John Lindsey, Mr. Weddell, Mr. West, Sir John,

Mr. Harris, Mr. Clive, Sir John Gibbons, the Lord Advocate, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Cholmley, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. OJbaldeflon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Dorset, Devon and Wilts:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Catherine Howe, of the City of , p;tta Widow, Was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill, and setting forth. That the said Common lies within the Hundred of Whitftone, of which the Petitioner is the Lady, and the same is her Soil and Freehold, as she apprehends, subject to the Rights of Common of the several Persons intitled thereto; and that the Petitioner has never been consulted, or advised with, in relation to the said Inclosure, neither is any Allotment made to her for such her Right, unless lhe shall prove her Title in a feigned Action to be tried at Law, which will be attended with a very great Expence: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give Leave to the Petitioner to be heard, by her Counsel or Agents, against the said Bill: and, in case t he same shall pal's hit o a Law', that Proivifton may be made therein ior allotting and setting out to.thp Petitioner; a Part of the said Commoni

.. j . < or

[fed

3st»

kfciar

WAi!

7 Geo. III.

2 70 Februarii.

r9i

Distressed

Debtors.

SJ

to

or Traci of Ground, in Proportion to her Estate and Interest therein, in inch Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by her Counsel or Agent, before the said Committee, upon her said Petition, if the thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the Castle at Cambridge, whose Names are thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

layton Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Hawes whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common kclosure. Waste Grounds, and Sand Hills, called Layton Jlawes, within the Manor of Layton, in the Parish of Poulton, and Bifpham,in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed, be received upon TMc/i/aySevennight, the ioth Day of March next.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be then heard, in Favour of the said Bill, against the Petition of the several Owners, and divers Leaseholders of Messuages, Tenements, Lands, and Premises, within the Manor of Lordship of Layton, or Layton with lVarbreck, in the County of Lancaster, who have Right of Common for all their Cattle and Sheep upon Layton Common, and other Waste Grounds within the Manor or Lordship of Layton, or Layton with Warbreck aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis neux. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

Royal Assent The King commands this honourable House to at- Bills- tend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal AlTent to the several Public and Private Bills following;

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, free of Duty, from any Part of Europe, for a further Time than is allowed by any Act made in this Session of Parliament; and for permitting the free Importation of Barley, Barley-meal, and Pulse, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time:

An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease:

An Act to continue the Term, and render more effectual, an Act pa (fed in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for amending several Roads, leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of and for re-

pairing and widening the Road, from Bickley Bridge Cross, over Bickley Bridge, to the Sign of the Swan, in the Town of Silverton; and also the Road from Bickley Wood Cross, to Ford Village Water, in the said County: An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of King George the Firil, and the Seventeenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in: the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks; and for amending the Road from Slough, to a certain Place in Vol. 31.

Eton; and from Langley Broom, to Datchct Bridge, in the County of Buckingham

An Act for continuing, altering, and amending, Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twelfth of King George the First, and of the Tenth of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Worcester; and for amending several other Roads,near or adjoining the reto:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for opening and making a new Road, from the East End of Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein-mentioned, and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future; and for repairing several other Roads adjoining the reto:

An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Swynford, in the County of Berks, to Eynsham, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road, from the Well End of Thames Street, in the City of Oxford, over Botley Causeway, to the Turnpike Road near Fifield, in the County of Berks:

An Act for amending, repairing, and widening, several Roads in the Counties of and Hereford:

An Act for amending and widening the Road leading from the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the County of Worcester, to the Wootton Turnpike, in the Great Turnpike Road, leading from Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, to Birmingham, in the same County:

An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in: the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Samuel Dashwood, Esquire, in Trustees, for railing Money to pay Debts and Incumbrances, and for providing an Equivalent or Coropensation for the fame, to the Issue inheritable under his Marriage Settlement;

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Kencott, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Manor of Chefierton, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Sandford, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Moor, called Car life and Cummerfdale Moor, in the County Of Cumberland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing Halton Green, and for disposing of ether Grounds, within the Township of Halton Eaf, in the Parish of Skipton, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, such Part of certain Commons and Waste Grounds, called Bentham Moor, as lieth within the Manor of in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Lanes, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old, otherwise Would, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing arid inclosing several Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Charley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Palture, and Waste Grounds, and also the Marsh and Fenny Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Yaxley, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Stott, Esquire, with June Stott;his nowr Wife, and to enable him to

marry again 5 and for other Purposes therein mentioned: An Act to enable.'Sir Thomas Delves, Baronet, and his Heirs Male, to take the Name of Broughton .*

Act

192 270

An Act to enable Thomas to take the Sur-

name and Arms of Li tiler, purfualit to the Will of Thomas Lit tier, deceasod:

An Act to enable Sarah Spi niter, to take and

use the Surname and Anns of TyrreU:

An Act for naturalizing John Va III ravers:

An Act for naturalizing Van an

Infant:

An Act for naturalizing Samuel Mandrot:

An Act for naturalizing Nicolas Francis Beckman:

An Act for naturalizing Theodore an

Infant:

An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Baumgartner, and Amable Docl.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into an eans. & Qommj(-tee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pa/erfon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterfun reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

' The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce> 20 Martii;

Anno 7' Georgii IIItli Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

Preftou rsRDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-Writ. \J rant to ^6 Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Prejion in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the room of Nicholas Fazakerley, Esquire, deceased.

Ouxe Mr. Lascelles reported from the Comm ittee, to whom Navigation, the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Tradesmen, of the Borough of and others,

of the West Riding of the County of York, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; on Behalf of them-fdvesandothers; and also, the Petition of the . several Gentlemen, Mine Adventurers, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and others, of the North Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto, subscribed; and also, the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Tradesmen, of the Borough df North AUertom, and others of the County of whose Names arC thereunto subscribed*, and also, the Petition of several Proprietors of Estates, Merchants, Manufacturers, Mine; Adventurers, Tradesmen, and others, interested in the Navigation, of -the River Swale, in the County of

— 2° Martii. 1767.

York; and also, the Petition of the several Merchants, and others, of the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Freeholders, and others, of the North Riding of the County of York,whose Names are thereunder subscribed; were

federally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the lame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the First, Second, Third, and Fifth-mentioned Petitions, the Agent called Mr. John Miav; who said, that, if the Navigation was extended as high as to Ripon, it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of Ripon and Boroughbridge, and also of the several Towns and Places near the said River, as it will reduce the Price of Carriage of Goods, and furnish Manure for the Lands near the lliver: That the Price of Carriage from York to Ripon is now Ten Shillings a Ton, and, when this Navigation is Completed, it will be reduced Three or Four Shilling:; a Ton: That Persons at Boroughbridge are obliged to fend their Goods by Land, as the Navigation of the River between Boroughbridge and Linton, is frequently obstructed by the Shallows in that Part of the lliver; but below Linton there is a Navigation at all 'Limes of the Year.

And being asked the Reason why the Price of Carriage of Goods between York and is higher than between York and Hu he laid that the Banks

of this Navigation are farmed by Two Persons only, who can prevent others from landing their Goods upon these Banks; and this, lie thinks, is the Reason of the Difference in the Price.

And being alked if there might not be other Banks made on the River for landing of Goods? he said there might below Linton, but they would be no Advantage

to Persons at Boroughbridge and Ripon. And being alked whether Persons have a Right to hale on the Banks of this River? he said, he thought they had, aa high as Boroughbridge.

Then, to shew that the River is capable of being made navigable, John S'meaton, Esquire, laid, that he had surveyed the River from Linton up to Ripon; that below Boroughbridge the Navigation does tolerably well, when the River is full of Water; yet, from the Number of Shoals {no less than Nine in Eight Miles, and all below the Mouth of the Swale but One) and from the Quantity of Fall in the River between Milby and Lifiton, which is Nine Feet, it appears that in dry Seasons those Shoals mull be very shallow: That in September last, when he founded that Part of the River, he found in several Places not above Two Feet Three Inches Water, altho’ the River at that Time was said to be in a good State for the Season of the Year; and that there mull certainly be a very imperfect Navigation in all dry Seasons. To confirm which,

Mr. Thomas Homer was called, who said, that in Augt/ft last, in different Places in the said River, there . was only from Twelve to Fourteen Inches Depth of Water. And,

Mr. Smealon further said. That, in order to improve the Navigation, he proposed to build a Lock and a Dam at Blythvian's Stream,near Linton, by which the Water

would be raised so high as to make a complete Navigation to Milby at all Times of the Year: That above Milby he would make a Cut on the Side of the River, in the Manner laid down in a Plan which lie produced and explained to your Committee.

..That,to make the Navigation up to Ripon will re*

- quire Five Locks, Three on the River., and Two double LoCksfOu the New.Cut; and that the Lxpeuce* of dfefting:it he estimated as follows;.

; , For

7 Geo. III.

20° Martii.

For the Works above Boroughbridge — For the Works between Boroughbridge 7 and Linton — — J

To which ntuft be added for Contin-7 geneies — - — — j

And for making Towing Paths —

7,560 6

2,897 10

*89 15 96 o

d.

o

o

o

o

Total expence, exclusive of the Land 7 0

which mult be purchased — y 0> 43 11 0

To which mull be added the Price of Forty-four Acres of Land, to be purchased, to complete the Navigation.

Mr. Miers was asked, what he thought the Expence of purchasing that Land would amount unto ? he said he thought the whole Expence of purchasing Land would not be Three Thousand Pounds: So that the whole Expence of completing the Navigation of the River IIre will not exceed the Sum of Thirteen Thorn sand, Eight Hundred, and Forty three Pounds, Eleven Shillings. And,

Mr. Thomas Horner was called, who informed yout Committee that several Gentlemen had already subscribed upwards of the Sum of Fifteen Thousand Pounds for that Purpose.

'\lv.Smealon being deli red to inform your Committee* whether he thought the making the Navigation would injure any of the adjacent Lands, or the Mill at

bridge; he said it would not injure the Lands in the lealt; for that, of all the Rivers he had ever examined, the Ureand Swale were the lealt liable to overflow the

Lands, of any he had met with; and, as to the Navigation being any Injury to the Mill at Boroughbridge, it would be the contrary, as it would make a good Navigation to it.

Then, to prove the Allegations in the Fourth-mentioned Petition, the Agent called,

Mr. Smeaton; who said he had taken a Level of the River Swale, from the Mouth thereof up to Helper by, and that the Fall is about Nine Feet; and that he had not the least Doubt but that it might be made navigable without the lead Injury to the adjoining Lands; for that the Lands in general rife about Eighteen Feet above the Surface of the Rivers. Then,

Mr. Robert IV/lfon, Mailer of a Vessel, was examined. Who said he had 11 fed this Navigation for Thirty Years, and that in Floods he had navigated Vessels, laden with Coals and Lime, as high as Topcli/t, but could not do it at low Water: That there are Eight or Nine Shallows in the River, where there is not above Fourteen or Fifteen Inches of Water; and that Persons are obliged to have Vessels with flat Bottoms in order to get over these Shallows, notwithstanding which they frequently drag upon the Ground, and therefore they have Iron Plates fixed to the Bottoms of the Vessels, to prevent them from wearing. And, being asked the distance between the Mouth of the River Swale and Morton Bridge, he said it was about Twenty-eight Miles; That this Navigation will improve the several Estates near or adjoining to it, and will afford the Fanners a better Supply of Manure for Tillage, and at an easier Rate than at present: That, if this Navigation is made, the ex -pence of ‘Carriage of Goods will be greatly reduced, in many Places near one Half, and in others one Third, from what is paid at present; and that the Navigation will be of great Benefit to the Country.

And being asked if he knew the River called Bedale Brook; he laid he did, and had allified very lately in taking the Surveys and Levels of it: That this Brook is both crooked and narrow, and the Fall so great, that without a Canal it is impracticable to make this Navigation.

That the Cut proposed to be made, from Bedale to . Morton Bridge, will be about four miles in Length, which is shorter by about ITiree M iles than the Course of the present river; and that the making this Canal Vot. 31.

will not injure the Lands through which it will be car*

ried. Navigation.

Then Mr. Daxafon,who had surveyed the River Swale and Bedale Brook; and Mr. Gargrave, who had taken the Levels of them; severally gave it as their Opinions, That they are capable of being made navigable, and that such Navigations will be of general utility; and Mr. Dawson delivered in a Plan of the Swale and Bedale Brook, which he had surveyed. Then,

Mr. Alexander Fothergill said, that the Saving in the Price of Carriage, by making this Navigation, will be in general One Third, and in some Cafes One Half, which he explained to your Committee from Calculations he had made. And he added, that he apprehended the Tolls arising upon the River would amount to Two Thousand Pounds per Annum, Then,

Mr. Grundy, an Engineer, was examined; who pro* duced to your Committee an Estimate of the Expence of making the River Swale and Bedale Brook navigable, amounting in the whole to the Sum of^.19,843. 18s. od. and he said, he thought that making the said River and Brook navigable, would be of no Injury to any of the Lands through which the Navigations are proposed to be carried. Then,

Mr. Timothy Mortimer laid before your Committee a Paper of Subscriptions for carrying on and completing these Navigations, amounting to the Sum of Twenty-four thousand Nine hundred and Filly Pounds.

To prove the Allegations of the last mentioned Petition, for making the Brook called Codbeck navigable,

Mr. Richard Furth was examined; who said he had surveyed that Brook; and he produced a Plan of the intended Navigation, which he explained to your Committee: And he said that the said Brook is about f>even Miles in Length, and that the Fall is Forty-two Feet Eight Inches: That it is practicable to make it a good Navigation, by the Help of Cuts on the Sides of the Brook, and that then the Navigation will be only Five Miles in Length.

That, in order to effect this Navigation it will be ne» celfary to erectsF°ur Locks upon the Brook, the Ex-' i -pence whereof will be about Six thousand One hundred Pounds; and the Land necessary to be purchased will be about Thirty-five Acres; and the annual Expence of maintaining this Navigation will not exceed Twenty Pounds.

And, being asked how' he made his Calculations of the Expence, he said he was afliited in doing it by Mr.

Smith, an Engineer.

Upon being asked the question,hfc said he had been employed in Works of Drainage, but not in Navigations:

That this Navigation will be of Advantage to the Estates in that Part of the Country, and will be of no Injury to any Body.

That the Land through which the Navigation is to be made is rich Pasture and Meadow Land, and is of different Prices: That the Inclosures, through which the Canal is to be carried, are of different Sorts, some large, some small.

That he took this Survey at the Desire of the Gentlemen of Thirsk; but cannot say whether Application had been made to the Proprietors of Lands through which it is proposed to go; but laid it would be of great Benefit to all the Country adjacent, particularly to the

Estates towards Hamilton.

That it will greatly reduce the Price of Carriage of Goods and Merchandize, and of Coals and Manure.

That the road at present is about the same Distance the Navigation Will be when made: That it is a Turnpike Road at present for about a Mile.

And, being alked what Things would be chiefly carried on this intended Navigation, he mentioned Coals, and Lime, and Manure, and a variety of other Things; but could not with Certainty take upon him to say the particular Quantities of each Article. Then,

Mr. John Smith, an Engineer, was called; who said,

3 D That

194

ao° Martii.

A. 1767.

Oute That he had seen the proposed Plan for the Navigation, for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, so far as the fame

Navigation. an<js from his Knowledge of the Brook and Country, it relates to the River , running from Alres/ord,

Was practicable to make it navigable. through , to the Sea, near Southampton, and

That the making this Navigation would be of no De- for better regulating the said Navigation, was read a ' triment to any Gentleman’s Estate where the Cuts are Second Time.

proposed to be made; as it is only proposed to make That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Cuts at the Windings of the River; but will be of great Mr. Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Advantage to the Places through which it passes, as all Mr. Kynaston , Mr. Ihiffey, Sir Edmiind Sir

Navigations are

And the Witness said, he thought Six Thousand Pounds would effectually complete this Navigation.

And being alked his Opinion, whether he thought this Navigation would support the Expence of making it; he said, It muff be a poor Navigation that will not pay the Interest of Six Thousand Pounds. Then,

Mr. Whitehead laid before the Committee a Paper,

Ure

Navigation.

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Rajliout, Mr. Fomiereau, Lord Downe, Lord Howe, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Mr.

Milles, Mr. Lewis, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Walter, Mr. Hume, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Clive, Mr. Upton, Mr.

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Touchet, Sir John Gibbons, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Mr. John Pitt, Lord Ca-

therlough, Mr. Bull, Mr. Grey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Wilis, shewing that the Sum of Six Thousand Pounds had been Dorset, Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are already subscribed for making this Navigation. to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Speaker’s Chamber, making navigable the River Ouze, from below Wielding*

ton Ings,at or near Linton, to the Junction of the Ri- Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee,

vers Swale and Ure; and for making navigable the said to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, under River Swale, from the said Junction to Alorton Bridge;an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of I lis and also the Brook running from Bedale, to the River present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the Swale, in the County of York: And that Mr. LafceUes, Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Bindley, the Lord Downe, and the March, to Wisbech Saint Peteri, and from thence to Earl of Thomond,do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Tid Gate, in the Isle of Ely 5 and from afore-

ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for said, through Outwell to Doivnham Bridge, in the making navigable the River Ure, from its Junction with County of Norfolk; and for repealing the several Acts the River Sioale, to the Borough of Ripon, in the County for repairing the said Road, through Wisbech and

fibfr

flitf

Chatted*

Ferry

Itc.

Road.

Cod beck Navigation,

of York: And that Mr. Ltifcelles, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Lawrence, and Sir Fletcher Norton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making navigable a Brook, called Codbeck, from the River Swale, to the Borough of Thirsk, in the County of York: And that Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Aifeabie, Admiral Frankland, the Earl of Thomond, the Lord Downe, and Mr. Thoroton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Swettenhic *, Name.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Willis, Esquire (lately called Thomas Sivettenham) and his issue, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Willis, pursuant to the Will of Daniel Willis, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Upton, Col. Howe, Mr. Byde, Mr. Penton, Mr. Pennant, Mr.

Olncy

Inclosure.

March; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

-To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; and Mr. Wenjley said, That the Bank from Wisbech Bridge, to a House called Tower House, in the of Ely, and also a Bank called the South Bwere, before the passing the said Act, maintained by the Corporation of Bedford Level; and that, when the said Act passed, these Banks were directed to be maintained out of the Tolls ariffng by virtue of the said Act.

That the Tolls collected are not sufficient to repair these Banks, and to keep the Road in Repair, and therefore the Corporation of the said Level have agreed Milles, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Montagu, Sir Thomas and are willing again to take upon them the Repair of Hales, Mr. Robinson, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fon- the said Banks.

nereau, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Townshend Mr. Coventry, And the Witness added, That, as the Act now Hands,

Mr. Walter, Mr. Norris, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Stiff- the Trustees cannot borrow Money sufficient to carry

ner, Mr. Clive, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Seymour, the same into Execution, and that the present Powers

Mr. Herne, Lord North, Mr. Tuffnel, Mr. Sandys. Sir of the Act are insufficient for effectually repairing the

Charles Hardy, Sir William Meredith, Sir Charles Frede- said Road.

rick, Mr. Foley, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Dyfon, Sir Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

John Glipine-, and all the Members who serve for the explain and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of

Counties of Lancaster, Westmorland, Ciiester, and York: His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the the Road from Chatteris through Chatteris and

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. March, to Wisbech Saint Peters, and from thence to

Gote, in the Ijle of Ely; and from Wisbech aforesaid. An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several through Outwell, to Downham Bridge in the Couiity of Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, Norfolk -, and for repealing the several Acts fof repairing within the Parish of Olney, in the County of Bucks, was the said Road through Wisbech and March: And that read the Third Time. Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Waller, and the Marquis

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title of Granby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Itching

River

Navigation.

and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Olney, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That the Lord North do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

o

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise passable,

A Bill to explain, alter, and amend, an Act for repairing and widening several Roads, leading from between the Second and Third Mile Stones on the Turnpike Road, between the Town and County of Poole, and Winbom Minster, in the County of Dorset, to Bratton Corner, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing and widening the Road, from the Turnpike in Brianjtor, to or near a House called Fontleroy's Farm llouse, in the County of Dorset; was read a Second Time,

Resolved,

Diit

kt

Bratton

Comtr

Road.

7 Geo. III. ao° Martii. 195

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Sir Charles Frederick reported from the Committee, ^u#p"J"rou* Pitt, Mr. Clive, Mr. Drax, Mr. Penton, Sir Joseph to whom the Bill for the better and more effectual

Mawbeij, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fane, Mr. Waller, Mr. Maintenance and Relief of the Poor of the Borough Shiftier, Mr. Byde, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Fonnereau, and Parish of Queenborough, in the County of Kent,

Mr. M files, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Townshend, Mr. was committed, That the Committee had examined the

Robinson, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Caficall, Mr. Lewis, Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

Mr. Damer, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Fane, Sir Fran- and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and cis Vincent; and all the Members who serve for the made several Amendments thereunto; which they had Counties of Dorset, Wilts, Southampton, Somerset, De- directed him to report to the House; and he read the von and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Af- Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Chamber. the Amendments were Once read throughout; and

bdofwe. The House was moved, that the Petition of Edward Drax, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of SibJ'ey, in the County of Lincoln, and a Proprietor of Lands in the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of in

the said County, on behalf of himself and others. Proprietors of Lands in the said Common Fields, which was presented to the House upon the 31st Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Damer and Mr. Walter do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

C

Ditto. A Petition of Edward Drax, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Sibfey, in the County of Lincoln, and a Proprietor of Lands in the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Sibfey, in the said County, and of several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Lands in the said Open and Common Fields, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Wjxfonl gjr Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, Iacioture. to wh°in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, epd Commonable Lands, within the Hamlets or ffownships of Wnford, Exhall, Kings Broom, and Burnells Broom, in

the County of Warwick, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true , and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satiffaction of the Committee, except the Proprietors of One Yard Land and a Quarter, who being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Lands, intended to be inclosed, amount to Sixty-nine Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterw ards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was olfered to be added to the Bill, obliging Persons borrowing Money to keep down the Interest.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Vol. 31.

then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton presented to the House, Whitchurch according to Order, a Bill to repair and widen the thro’ Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Burieydam Turnpike Road between Nanhvich, in the County of Bowl. Chester, and Newcajtle under Line; and from Hiristock to Nantmch aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, to whom _.

the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for p'iLrl" veiling the Estate of James Lucy an Infant, in

the Parish of Sherborn, in the County of Oxford, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, pursuant to the Directions of the Court of Chancery, was committed, Thatthe Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read a Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of Sir William Wake, Baronet, on behalf n;rer of himself and Peter Floyer, Esquire, was presented to Navigation, the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner perceives by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented to the House, for a Bill for further im-roving the Navigation of the River Lee; that the etitioner and the said Peter Floyer are Owners of a Lock or Turnpike on the said River Lee, in the Parish of Waltham Holy Cross, in the County of Essex, and of a Mill near the said River; that the Petitioner is informed a new Cut, or Qinal, is intended to be made from Kings Weir, to or near Cobby Brook, wdiereby the Petitioner, and the said Peter Floyer, will lose the Toll payable at their Lock, or Turnpike; and that the Petitioner is apprehensive their said Mill will be much prejudiced by such new Cut, or Canal: And therefore praying. That he and the said Peter Floyer may be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee, to whom the said Petition stands referred, or before the House, against the said Petition, and against such Billasmay be brought in, in Consequence thereof; or that the House will grant them such Relief in the Premises, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for ascertaining, preserving, and improving) the Navigation of the River Lee; from the Town of Hertford, to the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford-,

Itching

River

Navigation*

Tmterden,

c.

Road.

i'


i<)6

2° Marts.

A \ 1767.

ford; and for preferring and improving the said River, from the said Town of H are, to the New Cut, or River, made by the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of London; and for enabling the Governor and Company of the New River the better to supply the Cities of

London and Westminster, and the Liberties and Suburbs

thereof, with good and wholesome Water; and of several Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Midd whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his said Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inltruftion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the Tame Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented,'

A Petition of Edward Pyoll, on behalf of himself, and the rest of the Proprietors of the Navigation of the River //c/iing, running from Alresford, through chester, to the Seanear Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is informed, a Bill is depending in the I louse, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the 16th and 17th Years of King Charles the Second, for making divers Rivers navigable, as far as the same relates to the said River Itching, and for better regulating the said Navigation; and that the Pctitionerisapprehen-five there are many Clauses and Provisions in the said Bill, which, if not properly reltrained, will be very injurious to the Property of the Petitioner, great Part of whose Fortune is inverted in the said Navigation under the Sanction of the said Act, which he hopes will not be affected; but that he shall have his Interest and Property secured to him, in such Manner as Parliament shall direct: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against such parts of the said Bill, as may affect him; or that he may have such other Reliefin the Premises as to the House shall appear reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his said Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the find Petition.

The House was moved, that the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; which were presented to the House upon Friday last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Knight, Sir William . Meredith, Mr Fenton, Mr. BSir Alexander Grant, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Wilbraham, Sir Richard Glyn, Mr. Town/kend, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Bull, Mr.

Mr. Harvey, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Sh iff her, Mr. Webb, Mr. Clive, Mr. Cuff, Mr. Cafioall, Colonel Mr. Co-

ventry, Lord Howe, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Calvert, Sir William Baker, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Harris, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Fane, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Byde, Mr.

Mr. Rajhleigh, Sir Edward Bering; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Essex, Surrey, Suffix, and Southampton; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the 16

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Norris have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon Account of his Health.

A Meffag* from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Broivning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Devisees for Life, named in the "Will of Pier re Starkie, Esquire, deceased, and Trustees, to cut down and fell Timber, upon the Freehold and Copy-hold or Customary Estates, late of the said Pierce Starkie, in the Counties of Fork and Lancaster, and to grant Leases of the Quarries, Mines, and Minerals, within the Freehold Estates, late of the said Pierce Starkie, in the same Counties, and to invelt the Monies arising therefrom, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Ul’es of the said Will; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved,:Nemine con/radicenle. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to cause Estimates to be laid before this House, of the Expence of printing Two Thousand Copies of such Parliamentary and other Public Records, as His Majesty in His great Wisdom shall think proper to be published.

Ordered, That the said ,\ddrefs be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for building a Bridge cross house Creek, from Stonehoafe to Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, which Bill was, upon Thursday last, read a Second Time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the I Ioufe may do therein as they shall think fit.

The House w-tis moved, than an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His p re Cent Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prefer vat top of Fish in Fish Ponds, and other Waters, and Conies- in Warrens, and for preventing the Damage done to Sea Banks, within the County of Lincoln, by the breeding Collies therein, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act, so far as relates to the taking and destroying of Fish: And that Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Richard Warwick and Mr. Wil-

braham Bootle, do prepare, and bring ift the fame.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards railing the Supply granted to Idis Majesty, the Sum of Three Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the 25t.lt Day of March 1767, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable

Leave of Absence.

Starkie’t

Estates*

Hit

1

Pro)

Address for Estimates; Printing Records*

Ws

Stone house Creek Bridge*

Oaerib

h

f’rtfervation

of

Wayi and Mean»*

7 Geo. III. a° — 30

tionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The laid liefolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Mr. Chancellor of

the Exchequer, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Edmund Jsham, Sir Roger and Mr. Rigby, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

HighPrice Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-of night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole rronfions. jqoufc> to consider further of the present high Price of Provisions.

High Price Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

of Corn, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

Way« and Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

*"* Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 3* die Martii;

Anno 70 Georgii III"* Regis, 1767.

PE AYERS.

Onefnbotough K N ingrossed Bill for the better and more effectual Poor. f\_ Maintenance and Reliefsof the Poor of the Borough and Parish of Queenborough, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act for the better and more effectual Maintenance and Relief of the Poor of the Borough and Parish of 2ueenborough, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Frederick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

inclosure -^n ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of in the County of Warwic was read the Third Time.

A11 ingrossed Clanfe was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for keeping down the Interest of Money borrowed.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank,

which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time -r and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Cubbington, in the County of Wanvick.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Newdigate do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Purleigh An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Keflory. . Von. 31.

Martii. 197

for annexing the Rectory of Purleigh, in the County of F.Jfex,to the Office of Provost of the House of the

Blessed Mary the Virgin, in Oxford, commonly called Oriel College, of the Foundation of Edward the Second, of famous Memory, sometime King of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger Newdigate, Captain Dennis, Mr. Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Tovonjhend, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Dc Grey,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edmund Jsham. Mr. Holt,

Mr. Fonnereau, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Harris, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Weddell, Sir Francis Vincent, Lord Strange, Sir

Charles Hardy, Mr. Montagu, Sir Charles Frederick,

Sir Waller Bagqt, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Pugh Pryce, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Bagot, Mr.

Mr. Smith, Mr. Grey, Sir George Culebrook, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Shijfner, Sir William Maynard; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Essex,

Bucks, Berks, and Wanoick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's-Chamber.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom Gfh the Bill for inclosing, allotting, and dividing, the Com- Inc ofurt* mons, and Waste Grounds, Open Common Field, and Open Common Meadow Grounds, in the Manor of The Leigh, in the Parish of Ashen Keynes, in the County of Wilts, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except John Parker, who said, he would oppose it, and who is possessed of 43 Acres of Land hi the said Fields, which conlift, in the Whole, oi about 350 Acres) , and that no Person appeared bclbre the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Grant have Leave to stay in the Leave of Country, upon account of the Iudifpofttion of his Abfeacc’ Lady.

A Bill for making Docks and other Conveniences, Rngflon for the Use and Accommodation of Ships, lengthening uP°n the South-end Jetty, erecting Dolphins and other Works, ®ocl"* in the Haven and Port of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty to those Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, T^at the Bill be committed to a Committee of the \yho\e House.

Resolved, Thdt this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, the 12 th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Liverpool by an A Ctof the Second Year of the Reign of His pre- new sent Majesty, for erecting and building Two new Chur6h*' Churches, and providing Burial Places, in the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lan-caster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Montagu, Sir William , Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Fitxherbert, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Aufrere, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Gajcoyne, Mr. Sargent, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Prescott, Mr. Cufi, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

3 E Touchet,

19# . 30 Marin*A. 1767*

Touchct , Mr. Ridley, Sir Anthony Lord Burgher ft),

Sir jtjc'ph Mawbey,.Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Smith, Mr. Hcxeeit, Mr. Bull, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr.

Snndys, Sir George YoMr. Mr. Anthony Bacon, Sir Henry BridgeSir William Maynard, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. FanMr. and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester,

Northumberland, Cumberland, Durham,

and York; and for the Principality of And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fire of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Srarkie’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates. tp enable the Devil’ees'for Life, named in the Will of Pierce Starkie, Esquire, deceased, anti Trustees, to cut down and fell Timber,upon the Freehold and Copyhold or Customary'Estates, late of the said Pierce Starkie, in the Counties of York and , and to grant Leases

Of the Quarries, Mines, and Minerals, within the Freehold Estates late of the said Pierce Starkie, in the same Counties; and to invest the Monies anting therefrom, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said u ill; was read the First Time. Refulved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tarn Moor . A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common,

Inclosure. called The Tarn Moor, in the Township of in

the West Riding of the County of York, and for applying the Produce thereof towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Township, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Earle, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Hu fey Mr. Fane, Mr. Harris, Lord John Sir Tho-

mas Hales, Sir Francis Vincent, Lord Frederick dish, Sir William Maynard, Sir Joseph Lord

George Cavendish, Mr -Mr Sir Charles

Hardy, Lord Grey, Captain Dennis, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. De Grey, Sir Charles MMr. Hunt, Mr.

ton, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Sir Edmund Sir

George Yonge, Mr. Smith, Mr. Praed, Mr.

Sir John Gibbons, Mr. T Mr. Clive, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Mdles, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Cooper, Mr. and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancaster, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hedon Captain Dennis reported from the Committee, to

Road. to whom the Bill to enlarge the'Term and Powers of an Act, pasted in the Eighteenth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Sacred Gate, on the South East Side of the Town of Hedon, in the East Riding of the County of through the said ‘ " Town, to Hull North; and for amending the

Road from the present Turnpike Bar in Wyton Holmes, through the Townships of Wyton and Sproatlcy, to the Guide Post in Flinton Lane, near Humbleton Moor House, in the same Riding; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee liad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered' the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 1 able: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put lhereupon, wore agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Nun Mr. Tufnel reported from the Committee, to whom

Monition BjH fordividing and inclosing the several Open Fields,

inciofure. Meadows, and Paiiure Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Nun Monckton, in the West Riding of the Gouutv-'of York, was committed. That the Committee 21

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, w’ith the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields,

Common Paftu res, and Parcels of Land and Grounds, inclouL*. within the Manor and Township of Huggafe, in the East Riding of the County of Yorkwas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Tufnel,

Mr. / 'one, Mr. Harris, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Mr. Drummond, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Milles, Mr. Laf-celles, Mr. liufey, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Grey, Mr. Clive, Lord Grey, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. 'Southwell, Sir William Maynard, Mr.

Prescott, Mr. Toxcnjhend, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Burrell,

Mr. Hunt, Mr. Fuller, Sir Walter Bagot, Sir Roger . Neiodigate, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Price, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Calvert,

Mr. Heivett, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. and all the

Me mbers who serve for the Counties of York, Durham,. Northumberland,.Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this.Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Trustees of the British Museum,. British was presented to the House, and "read; Setting forth, Mufeumi That by an Act passed in the 26th Year of King George the Second, for the Purchase of the Museum, or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts, and for providing one general Repository for the better Reception and more convenient Use of the said Collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions thereto, it is (amongst other '1'hings) enacted, that, within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, one general

Repository should be erected, or provided, in such convenient Place, and in such Manner, as the Trustees thereby appointed, or the major Part of them at a General Meeting assembled, should drreft, for the Reception not only of the said Museum, or Collection, of Sir Hans Sloane, but also of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions which had been or should be made thereto, by virtue of the lait Will and Teliament of Arthur Edwards, Esquire, in the said Act named, and like wife of the said Harleian Collection of Manuscripts, and of such other Additions to the Cottonian Library, as, with the Approbation of the Trustees by the said Act appointed, or the major Part of them at a General Meeting act’embled, should be made thereunto, in Manner therein after mentioned, and of such other Collections and Libraries, as, with the like Approbation, should be admitted into the said general Repository; and that the said several Collections, Additions, and Libraries, so received into the said general Repository, should remain and be preserved therein, for the Public Use, to all Polierity; and that the said Collections have been' greatly increased by considerable Donations from His Majesty, and the Gifts of several Noblemen and others; and that it is probable great Additions w ill hereafter be made thereto; and that there are now, and there may hereafter be, in the various Departments of the J Mujcum,many Duplicates of printed Books, Medals,

Coins, and other Curiosities, which it would be proper to diipose of, in order to make room for others; but

that

c.

7 Geo. III.

3° Martii.

199

Offices

and

Employments.

to

Newton

Inclosure.

that the same cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That they and their Successors, Trullees of the may

from time to time, and at all Times hereafter, be impowered to exchange, or fell, or dispose of, the said Duplicates, and to lay out the Money toarife by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Things that may be wanting in, or ptoperfor, the said British Museum.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And. that Mr.

Cornewall, Mr. James Harris, Mr. Gray, Mr. West, Mr. Yorke, and Mr. Handys, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.


Ordered, That the Instruction, which upon day last,was given to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill'to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to Indemnify JuIIices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and so

in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Serv ice of the Year One thousand Seven bundl ed and Sixty-seven: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

liefolved. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing ofCoun-fel, upon the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds or Lammas Lands, Commons, Moors, and A\ afte Lands, within the Manors oi' Stanwelland alias and

Parish of Stanwell,in the County of

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the Counsel for the Fill was heard, and exa-

indemnily Members and Officers, in Cities, Corpora- mined several Witndles, in support of the said Bill, tions;and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been against the said Petition.

omitted to be fiamped, according to the fevehil Acts now And the Counsel for the Bill having proposed to call

inforce for that Purpose, or, having been fiamped, have a Witness, in order to disprove the Right of the several been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to pro- Parishes adjacent to Huunftoxo Heath, to intercomrnon

Militia.

vide Admissions dul y fiamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; that they do make Provision in the said Bill for giving further Time to Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, and Clerks of the Peace, of the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England, to make Certificates concerning the Militia, in the Manner they were, directed to do by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1766; and for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Second, Fourth, and Fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating, to the railing and training the Militia, within lliat Part of Great Britain called England; and for indemnifying such Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, and Clerks of the Peace, as have omitted to make such Certificates; be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for giving further Time to His Majesty’s Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, Clerks of the Peace, and others, for carrying into Execution certain Parts of an Act, paised in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, begi nn i ng the 2 5 th Day of March 1766; and for explaining, amending, and

rendering more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Second, Fourth, and Fifth Years of the Reign of I lis present Majesty, relating to the railing and training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England;and for indemnifying such

with the Parish of Stan:veil,over the said Ileath;

And the Counsel for the Petitioners objefthig to the producing of such Evidence; and having been heard in support of such Objection;

TheCounfel for the Bill was heard in Answer thereto. Anri the Counsel for the Petitioners having been heard by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both. Sides were directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the Counsel for the Bill be admitted to produce Evidence, in order to dilprove the Right of the several Parishes adjacent to Ilounjluio Heath, to intercomrnon with the Parish of Stanwell, over the said Heath.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Then the Counsel for the Bill examined a Witness, in order to disprove the Right of the several Parishes adjacent to Hounslow Heath, to intercomrnon with the

Parish of Stanwell, over the said Heath.

And the said Counsel summed up his Evidence.

And one of the Counsel against the Bill, having been heard by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Apd Mr. Speaker opened the Bill:

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ^Barrmo

Tellers for the Noes,

So it paised in the Negative.

w

{34.

Ordered, That Sir William Meredith have Leave to

Lieutenauts, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Stanwell

ladofure.

Clerks of the Peace, and others, who have neglected to carry into Execution such Parts of the said Act: And that Mr. Fuller and Mr. Shiffner do prepare, and bringr in, the lame.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House an Account of the Number of Ships, with their Tonnage, and Number of Seamen employed ' by the said Company, between the ill January 1766

The Lord Bargher/hpresented to the House, accord- and the ill oi January 1767.

ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several

Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common- Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Beckford have Leave »ible Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Newton, to make a Motion.

i..Yoi. 31. And

Account

Ordered

East-Indi*

Company.

Leave to make, a Motion.

200

3 — 4"

And lie moved the House accordingly.

Account Ordered, That the East India Company do lay be-. East India ^orP this House an Account of the Number of Soldiers Company, iulifted into their Service, and sent by them from Great Britain, to their Settlements in the Indies, from the ift January 1761 to the present Time; distinguishing each Year.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 4* Martii;

Anno 7* Georgii III*?* Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

WhiteCrof* , TR. Hcrvelt reportedfrom the Committee, to whom

and Beverley JlVJ. the petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Bur-Road. gestes, of the Town of Bin the County of York, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, re-fwling near, or travelling on, the Highways or Roads thereafter mentioned, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Bobert Appleton, being examined, said, that the Road from the Toll Bar in the Township of Theame, being the High Road from Beverley o\ev Waun Ferry, through the Towns of Waun and Sutton, to the Turnpike, and so on to the Towns of Ileilon and

trington; and also the Roads from Waun aforesaid to the Turnpike House at and from a Place

called White Cross, through to the Tow'n

of Bridlington; are so deep and ruinous, and in some Parts so narrow, that the same cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, and repaired, by the Laws now in force for the Amendment of Highways.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repair and widen the Road from White Cross, to the Town of Bridlington, in the Fall Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. and Lord George Sutton

do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Carlton Mr. 1Iewettpresented to the House, according to

ludoiurf. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Pastures, in the Parish of Carlton in Lindrick,in the County of And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Grantham A Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, mado in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through ford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and from Chappel Bar, near the Well End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby, and from the Guide Post in the Parish o

ten, to Saicley Ferry, as relates to the Road leading from Grantham to Nottingham and for repair->ing and widening the Road from to the East

End of a Lane leading from Loxcdham to Bulcoate, and from the East End of Raddiffe Field, tp Stoake Ferry, in the County of Nottingham; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Sutter., Mr. Shifl'ner, Mr. Calc raft, Sir Reger

Mr. Burrell, Nit. Parker, Mr Mr. Coventry,

Mr. Bull, Mr. Cuf, Sir Robert Mr. Butter,

Martii. 1767.

Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Bydc, Mr. Bar roteSir George Yovge,

Sir John Delaval, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Staunton, Mr.

Weddell, Mr. Clive, Mr. Tujfnel,’ Lord Mr.

Paterson, Mr. Lafeelles, Mr. Lawrence, Sir John Barrington, Lord Coleraine, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Prof cott, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Dundas, Sir Jarrit

Smith, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Lewis,

Mr. Pryce; and all the Members who lerve for the

Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, York,

and Warwicks And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Reverend Bobert Smith, Doctor in Hr.ute Divinity, Master of the College of The Holy Trinity, Huntre Fen within the University of Cambridge, and the Fellotvs and Inclosure. Scholars of the same College, Impropriator of the Great Tythes, and Patron of the Vicarage of Swineshead, in the County of Lincoln;the Reverend John Shaw,

Doctor of Law, Patron and Rector of the Parish Church of Wyber'ton, in the County of Lincoln, and Proprietor of I Ioufes, Toftsteads, and Lands, in the said Parish:

Zachary Chambers, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Swinejhcad, in the said County of Lincoln; Thomas Wyld, Esquire, Lessee, under Trinity College aforesaid, of the Impropriate Tythes of Sioinej aforesaid; and of several Gentlemen and Freeholders, entitled to Right of Common in Haute Huntre Fen, commonly called The Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, lying in the said County of Lincoln, as Owners and Proprietors of Houses, Toftsteads, and Lands; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have seen a printed Copy of a Bill, depending in the House; and also certain printed Propositions thereto annexed, respecting the Framing and Modelling the said Bill, for the Purpose of dividing and inclosing the said Fen; and that the Petitioners are greatly diflotisfied with the hasty Method which hath been uied in bringing the said Bill into the House; and apprehend, that a Survey, or Plan of the said Fen, and a Return of the several Houses, Toftsteads, and Lands, within the several Parishes and Hamlets which have Right of Common on the said Fen, ought to have been made, previous to the bringing in the said Bill, in order to enable the Proprietors to judge which of the different Modes offered to them, by the said Propositions, will be productive of th® most equitable Division of the said Fen; and that, on the 16th Day of October 1766, at a Public Meeting of several of the Proprietors entitled to Right of Common in the said Fen, at Sleaford, in the said County of Lincoln, in pursuance of an Advertisement /or that Purpose, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fen was, by some of the said Proprietors then present, proposed to be read; but the Reading thereof was objected to by a great Majority of the said Proprietors then present, infilling that a Plan, or Survey, of the said Fen, ought then to have been produced and laid before the Proprietors at that Meeting, agreeable to a printed Agreement advertised, as the Resolutiou of several Gentlemen and others, Part of the aforesaid Proprietors, at a Meeting held at the Angel

Inn,at Sleiford,in the said County, on the 26th Day of

August, 1766; and that no such Plan, or Survey, being then produced, the aforesaid Majority requeued, and infilled, that all further Proceedings relating to the intended Diviiiou of the said Fen might Hop, until the then next Spring; but, notwithstanding the said Re-quell, some few of the said Proprietors, then present, proposed that a Petition for the said Bill might then be signed; which Proportion being rejected by a considerable Majority, the said few Proprietors declared their Resolution to sign such a Petition, as soon as their then Meeting was broke up, and which laid Meeting did soon afterwards break up without any Resolutions being concluded upon,.pr the Sentiments of the Majority of the Proprietors either entered down or paid any Regard to,

7 Geo. III. 4 Martit201

and without making any Adjournment of the said Meeting; and that., soon after the said Meeting broke tip, fonie of the Proprietors present at the said Meeting ffgned the Petition, in conl'cquence of which the said Bill hath been brought in; and that the said Petition appears to be signed by a very few Proprietors, other than such as relide within the Parish of Weji; and that there are Eleven Parishes interested in the Division of the said Fen, several of which are very large and populous; and that the Petitioners arewilling to concur in any Measures, or Proposals, which may be productive of an equitable Division of the said Fen; and conceive that no Injury, or Damage, can accrue to any Person interested in the said Fen, in case the said Bill be not further proceeded on until the next Session; and that the Estates of the Proprietors, inter-efted in the said Fen, amount to ^'.20,000 a Year, and upwards; and that the said Fen is very extensive and fertile, and succours large Quantities of Cattle throughout the whole Year; and, as several of the said Parishes lie very remote from the said Fen, the Petitioners conceive, that if a Plan, or Survey, of the said Fen, as aforesaid, be made and taken, for the previous Satisfaction and Information of the Proprietors, and a further Time be given to the Proprietors to consider and judge of the said intended Division, and the proper Mode for making such Division, it will produce Unanimity in the Proprietors; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the said Bill is in many Places very exceptionable: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, as it now Hands; and that they may have such other Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Fen, called The Haute H , or

Holland Ecu, and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, be read a Second 'lime.

Nun An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the fe-Monckton veral Open Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, ncio ure. tj)e \|anor an(| Township of Nun

in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Nun Monckton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Tuffnel do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Coiicurrence.

Kingston Mr. Weddell reported from the Committee, to whom ®P?n the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by °* an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of upon

Hull, to and through the Town of and from

thence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston upon was committed. That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the I louse; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterw ards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable; where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

River Lee The Ilonfe being informed, that the Sheriffs of the bavigariori. City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

Vol. 31.

A Petition of the MayOr and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty, for ascertaining, preferring, and improving, the Navigation of the River Lee, hath been presented to the House, for a Bill for further improving the Navigation of the said River; and that, by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of Queen Elizabeth, the Petitioners w'ere impowered to make the new Cut, or River, mentioned in the said Petition, within which the Trustees, appointed by the said Statute of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty, have no Power to act:

And that the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford, to the River Thames, being an Object of very great Importance to the City of London, and to Trade, the Petitioners are desirous of doing every Thing in their Power to promote the fame; and, with that View, if it Ihonld appear to the House to be necessary, that the w hole Navigation should be committed to the Care of the same Trustees, the Petitioner^ are content to wave their Claim to any exclusive Power, or Jurisdiction, over any Part thereof, saving all other their Rights, Liberties, and Franchises; and that the Petitioners are Proprietors of certain Estates lying near to the said River, and of several Mills, and Mill Streams, wrhich are supplied with Water from the said River, all which may be greatly allotted and prejudiced by the Improvements mentioned in the said Petition being carried into Execution: And therefore praying. That, if Leave should be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, Provision may be made therein for the Security and Indemnity of the Petitioners, and their Tenants, of the said Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Francis Vincent presented to the House, accord- Preservation ing to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, &c* intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Preservation " of Fish in Fish Ponds, and other Waters, and Conies " in Warrens, and for preventing the Damage done to " Sea Banks, within the County of Lincoln, by the " breeding Conies therein," so far as relates to the taking and dellroying of Fish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their AnfWr Address of Monday la.it (that His Majesty would be gra- to Addrefsfor cioully pleased to give Directions that the Estimates Ellimates‘ therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. 1Fuller presented to the House, according to Militia.

Order, a Bill for giving further Time to His Majesty’s Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace,

Clerks of the Peace, and others, for carrying into Execution certain Parts of an Act passed in the latt Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1766; and for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Second, Fourth, and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the railing and training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England j and for indemnifying

3 F such

202. 4° — 5° MA. 1767.

African

Settlements.

such Lieutenant s, Deputy lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, Clerks of the Peace, and others, who have neg-lested to carry into Execution such Parts of the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Committee of Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the House an Account of the Sum granted for 1765, examined and passed by the Curfitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act passed in the Year 1750, for extending and improving the Trade to Africa; and that they have expended the Money granted in 1766, for the Support of the several Forts upon the Coast of Africa, in Goods, Stores, and Necessaries; and the Petitioners, being sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House for the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, therefore pray the House to grant such a Sum for the necessary Support thereof for the ensuing Year, as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ditto. A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up and read; Setting forth. That, in Consequence of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for divesting the Petitioners of Senegal and its Dependencies, there was no Renewal of the Annual Supply usually granted for the Support of the said Settlements, after the 29th of October 1765, when the Year for which the former Supply of £. 7000 was granted, expired, and when it was expected His Majesty’s Troops would have taken Possession of the fame; but the said

was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Amount of 28 Days Subsistence for the Commission Officers of the said Militia, under the Rank of Major, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1767, be referred to tire said Committee;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Clothing for the Militia, for the Year 1767, as the House shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 5* Martii \

Anno 7® Georgii III. U Regis, 1767. Prayers.

Troops not arriving at Senegal till the 15th of April A N ingrossed Bill for inclosing, allotting, and di- j. h 1766, the Garrison established by the Petitioners was x\. viding, the Commons, and Waste Grounds, Open indoiurf. continued in Employment till the 29th of the same Common Field, and Open Common Meadow Grounds, Month,being Six Months after the said 29th of OBober in the Manor of The Leigh, in the Par ith of Ashen Keynes,

1765, and for which Space of Time they received no in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Provision from Government; and that Mr. John Barnes, Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title late Governor of Senegal, has laid before the Peti- be, An Act for inclosing, allotting, and dividing, the tioners sundry Accounts, whereby it appears that the Commons, and Waste Grounds, Open Common Field, said Settlements Hand indebted to him, and others and Open Common Meadow Grounds, in the Manor 'late in their Service there, for Salaries and other ne- of The Leigh, in the Parish of Keynes, in the

cessary Charges incurred during the said Six Months: County of

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the into Consideration, and to grant such Relief as to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Hedo# Table. an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of King George RoJ(1-

the Second, for repairing the Road from Sacred Gate,

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House on the South-east Side of the Town of in the East

and Means. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Riding of the County of York, through the said Town, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the to Hull North Bridge; and for amending the Road from Supply granted to his Majesty; the present Turnpike Bar, through

Resolved, That this H6ufe will, upon Friday Mom- the Townships of Wyton and Sproalley, to the Guide ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. Poll, in Flinton Lane, near Humbleton Moor House, in

the same Riding, was read the Third Time.

Supply. The other Order of the Day being read for the Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole J>e, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His passed in the Eighteenth Year of King George the Second,

Majesty; for repairing the Road from Sacred Gate, on the South-

' And a Motion being made, That the Report, which east Side of the Town of Iledon, in the East Riding of 15 the

7 Geo. III. 5°

the County of York, through the said Town to North Bridge; and for amending the Road from the present Turnpike Bar, in Holmes, through the

Townships of Wyton and to the Guide Post in Flinton Lane, near Moor House, in the fame Riding.

Ordered, That Captain do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kingston An irigrofled Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers *R©adU^ £rante<l by an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Hull, to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Hull, to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town of Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull.

Ordered, That Mr. Weddell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mendip Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for iic owe. dividing and inclosing a large Open and uncultivated Common, or Tratt of Ground, Parcel of the Forest of Mendip, in the Parish of Stoke Saint Michael, otherwise Stoke Lane, in the County of SomerJ'et, is committed, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

OrderedThat all have Voices who come to the said Committee.

Kingston The Lord BurghePjh presented to the House, accord->n ing to Order, a Bill for carrying into Execution certain Purbeck Articles of Agreement entered into by George Pitt, s ’ Esquire, and his Tenants of the Manor of Kingston, and John Pitt, Esquire, and by the said George Pitt and John Pitt, for the Exchange of Lands in Purbeck, in the County of Dorset: And the same was received; and read the Tirlt Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ayr The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Roads. Committee, to whom the Petition of the Noblemen and Gentlemen of the County of Ayr, subscribing in Behalf of themselves and others, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Members present informed your Committee, that the Road leading from the Town of Ayr, by Irvine and Stewartown,towards Easter Grange-, and from

Steioartoivntowards Drifen and the Road leading from Ayr, by Kilmarnock, Kilmares, and Stewar/own,

to a Place called Whitehouseand the Road leading from Ayr,by Ochiltree, Old Cumnock, and Cum-nock, towards Sanquhar-, and the Road leading from Ayr to Galjloun,towards and from

Jloim to Over-Muirsand the Road leading from Ayr,

by Mauchline Sorn and towards Douglass;

and ii:e Roads from Mauchline to and the

road leading from Irvine,by Kilmarnock and ivell, to Flockbridge;and from King swell towards Eaglesham; and the Road leading from Kilmarnock, by Mauchline, to Old Cumnock; and the Road leading from Galjloun, by Sorn, to Old Cumnock; and the Road leading from Kikeinning,by Dahray and Bieth, to Cl arkjbridge, and from the said Village of D air ay, to

Maichbridge sand the Road leading from Kilwiipiing, by Bieth,to Caldfreambridge/and the Road leading Vox.. 31.

Martii.

from Irvine, by Kilwinning, Salcoats,. and Largs, to Kelly bridge;and the Road leading from Irvine by Stairbridge, to Dalmellingtown ;. all in the County of

Ayr, are too narrow and ruinous, and in the Winter Season impassable for Carriages and Horses in many Places: That several Bridges are out of Repair, and others wanted to be built; which cannot be done, nor the Roads amended and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Ayr: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr.

Cravfurd, and Colonel Montgomery, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from the Account* Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at presented: the Door; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, present- Customs, ed to the House, pursuant to their Orders, co n '

An Account of the Quantity and Weight of Whale Fins and Whale Oil, imported into Scotland from 'North America, from Christmas 1758 to Christmas 1766;

distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Number and Weight of Whale Fins, and Quantity of Whale Oil, imported from Holland into Scotland, from Christmas 1752 to Christmas 1766; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Total Amount of all Bounties and Drawback paid out of the Revenue of the Excise on Salt, made in Scotland,from Christmas 1754 to Christmas 1766; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Total Amount of all Bounties and Drawbacks paid out of the Revenue of the Customs from Christmas 1754 to Christmas 1766; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the Two lirft of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, His Majesty’s British Subjects, concerned in the Whale Fishery, on Behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said Fishery, is referred.

Ordered, That the Two last of the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Earl of Catherlough reported from the Commit- Spemal Ash tee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the *c Road from Spemal Ash, in the County of Warwick, 08 ’ through Studley, to a Street called Digbeth, in the Town of Birmingham, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom Bishop the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Lands and B[lr!0D Grounds, in the Parish of South Burton, otherwise Bishop nc 0 ure'

Burton, in the Eall Riding of the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Reverend Thomas Leake, Vicar of the said Parish, who is possessed of Two Acres and an Half, and another small Parcel of the said Lands, and One Common

204 5 Martii. . 1767.

mon Right, and entitled to certain Tythes, within the said Pariili, who refused to consent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands contain about 2,800 Acres); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Shalftone 'pjie Earl Venteypresented to the House, according

ncoure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Pariili, and Liberties of Shalftone, in the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Revolted, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

herhith Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to urc ' whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers, granted by Two Acts of Parliament, of the Third of King George the First, and the Eleventh of hisjate Majesty,. for enabling the Parishioners of Saint Mary, Rotherhith,in the Count}" of Surrey, by certain Funeral Rates therein mentioned, to finish the said Parish Church, and for purchasing an additional Burial Ground; and to enable them to raise Money for purchasing the present Parsonage House, and converting the Site thereof into a Burial Ground, and for providing a new Parsonage House, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Militia A Bill for giving further Time to His Majesty’s Lieu-Pay and tenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, Clothing. Qgpks of the Peace, and others, for carrying into Execution certain Parts of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for applying the Money granted in thisSession of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1766; and for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Second, Fourth, and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the railing and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called and for indemnifying such Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, Clerks of the Peace, and others, who have neglected to carry into Execution such Parts of the said Act; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fuller, Lord Strange, Mr. Contis, Lord Verney, Lord Grey, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Foley, Lord North , Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Mr. Patcrfon, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Wynn, Sir William Owen, Mr. Vanjittart , Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bull, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Burrell, Sir Colton, Mr.

Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Eger, Mr. Lane, Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Bacon, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Lord Clare, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Morton, Mr. Montagu, Col.

Barre, Mr. Difon, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Rigby, Mrt Colleton, Mr. Onjloiv, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr.

Mr. Pennant, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. W, Mr. Fane,

Sir William Maynard: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Highways; Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Amending Act of Parliament, the several Laws flow in being, for 1WJ' the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways of this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Supply Bill; Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, ibr the Ser- Laml vice of the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-seven, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next*, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Air. Browning:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Marioe for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, Forc«. while on Shore, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act St. Marti#* for re-building the Pariili Church of Saint Martin, ^burch within the City of Worcester,without any Amend- orce n’

ment: And all’o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Meyer* for naturalizing Leonard Meyer, with some Amend- ^at-ments; to which Amendments the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of James Banvick, on Behalf of himself R'v.w Lee and Mary Farran, Widow, both of W> Abbey, in Navigation, the County of EfJ'ex, Callico Printers and Partners, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition of the Trullees of the River Lee, has been presented to the House, praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the said River; and that the Petitioner and the said Mary Farran now do, and, for several Years pall, have carried on the Business of Callico Printers, in Grounds adjoining to the said River; and have laid out a considerable Sum of Money in erecting Buildings, and making "Works necessary Ibr carrying on the said Trade; and have made several Cuts and Canals in the said Grounds, for receiving Water from Hie said River; and which Cuts and Cauals are supplied by Flulhes, on opening a Lock on the said River for passage of Barges; and that the Petitioned is informed, a new Cut or Canal is intended to be made from King's Weir, to Cobbin Brook, through which the Barges are intended to pass, and not through the said Lock; and, in case such Lock is kept Ihut, the Petitioner and his said Partner will be deprived of the Water necessary for carrying on their said Trade: And therefore praying, on Behalf of himself and his said Partner, That he may be heard, by himself or his Coun-fel, against the said Petition, and also against such Bill as shall be brought in, in consequence thereof, in case any Clause shall be inserted therein for keeping the said Lock lliut, when such new Canal shall have been made for the Passage of the Barges.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of

the

7 Geo. III.

b -

6° Martii.

205

,s->

t


I;

,11 ' '

}j

It

Hi

to

br

iat


of

mi

:ri

t

bii

Hitt

iaik

.rb?

fei

i3-:

,1*1

iitf

IV

tfc

the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for ascertaining, preserving, and improving, the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford to the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for preserving and improving the said River, from the said Town of Ware, to the new Cut, or

Was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is brought in, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of King Charles the Second, for making divers Rivers navigable, so far as the same relates to the River Itching; and that the Petitioners are entitled to a Sum

River, made by the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of Money, secured by Mortgage of Eleven undivided

Supply*

Addenbrooke*«

Hospital,

Cambridge.

of’ London;and for enabling the Governor and Company of the New River the better to supply the Cities

of London and Westmiiijtcr, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, with good and wholclome Water; and of several Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties o (Hertford, r, and whole

Karnes are thereunto subscribed, is referred; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his laid Petition, if he thinks lit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to eonfider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow-eth; viz.

Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, and for their Subsistence during the Time they ilia.il be absent from Home, on account of the Annual Exercise for the Year 1767.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolution be referred to the Committee of the whole Ho.use, to whom it is referred to eonfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vefierisy 6° ,

Anno 7° Georgii III. U Regis, 1767. Prayers.

SIR John Hynde Cotton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill lor establishing and well-governing a General. Hospital, to be called brooke's Hospital, in the Town of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the Firl’t Time. Refilled, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Chatteris

Ferry,

&C.

Road.

Itching

River

Navigation.

Sir John Hynde Cotton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and March, to Wisbech Saint Peters, and from thence to Tid Gate, in the I tie of Ely, and from Wisbech aforesaid, through Outicelt, to Dozcnham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and for

repealing the several Acts for repairing the said Road 1T , . .

through JH/bechand March: And the same was re- m ‘he County of A/; that they do make Pro

ceived and read the First Time. "Uo"’x ,the !lul Bdl foJ repairing and widening the

Refoited, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Boad leading {rom the Bottom of the

Cajtlc, at the Entrance of the Town of Ashjord, and

A Petition of George Griffis, of Epfom, in the County a*to B°?d leadi"S f!‘om Bull Green afurel’aid> thr0uoh

of Surrey, Vintner, and Elizabeth Grijffts,his Wife, , to Dashm in the said County.

Vol. 31. , G A Bill

Twentieth Parts, or Shares, of the said Navigation; which, with Interest accrued due, amounts to £. 7,000, or upwards; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, should the said Bill, as now' drawn, pass into a Law, it would not only be a Prejudice to, but be a great Diminution of, the Security for the said Principal and Interest now remaining due: And therefore praying.

That a proper Provision may be made in the said Bill, for preserving their Right to the Mortgage Debt and Interest, so due and owing to them as aforesaid, and for the speedy raising and paying the lame, in such Manner as to the House shall seem proper; and that the Petitioners may be at Liberty to be heard, by v their Counsel, upon the said Bill, if they shall fee Occasion.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for making " divers Rivers navigable, or 01 her wife palfable, for " Boats, Barges, and other Vefl’els;" so far as the same relates to the River Itching, running from through Winchester,to the Sea, near Southampton, and for the better regulating the said Navigation; is committed; and that the Petitioners he heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Knight reported from the Committee, to whom Tenterden,

the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, whose *c. Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition Road* of several Gentlemen and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is us followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr.

William Finch, being examined, said, That the Road leading from Bull Green, in the County of Kent, through High Halden, to Dashmanden,in the Parish of -

den, in the said County, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Parts, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Courl’e of Law.

Mr. Robert Boorman, being examined, gave the same Evidence with respect to the Road leading from the Bottom of Barrows Hill,to the Castle at the Entrance of the Town o i Ashford,in the said County of Kent.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen* who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for the repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, in the Town of Tenter den, to and over Rull Green, and to and through the Town of Great Chart, to the Bottom of Barrows Hills and also the Road lead in" from Bull Green aforesaid, to Hotlifield

206

6° Martii.

Whitchurch thro* Burley clam. Road.

A Bill to repair and widen the Roads from

church,in the County of Salop, to the Turnpike Road between Nantic ich, in the County o and Neio-

cafile under Line: and from to Nantwich aforesaid; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Lynch Cotton, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Grey,\lr.

Mackicorih, Sir John Wynn, Sir Walter Mr. Mor-

ton, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Mr. Forrejter, Mr.

Fonnereau, Sir Charles Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Toicnjhend, Mr. Smith, Sir Ellis Mr. Fenton,

Mr. Shi filer, Mr. Price, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Bidler., Mr. Lascelles, Lord Lord

brook, Mr. Ilarbord, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Knight, Lord Brownloiv Bertie, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr.

Bejl, Sir John Filmer, Mr. Crefivell, Lord Doicnc, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Whitworth; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Chester, and Salop and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ruddington, Mr. Plumptre reported from the Committee, to Inclosure, wi10m the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Liberties of Ruddington, in the County of Nottingham, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be , ingrossed.

A. 1767.

Lord of the Manor of Sicinefhead, in the said Count v of Lincoln; Thomas Wyld, Esquire, LelTee, under Trinity College aforesaid, of the Impropriate Tv thus of Sioine/luvid, aforesaid; and of fever:d Gentlemen and Freeholders, entitled to Right of Common in Haute Hunt re Fen, commonly called The Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, lying in the said County of Lincoln, as Owners and Proprietors of lloufes, Toftl'teads, and Lands; which was presented to the House upon nej'daylaft, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be anlnftruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for enlargin g the Term and Powers, Rotherhith granted by Two Acts of Parliament, of the Third of Church King George the First, and the Eleventh of his late Majesty, for enabling the Parishioners of Saint Mary, Rotherhith, in the County of Surrey,by certain Funeral Rates therein mentioned, to fiuilh the.laid Parilli Church, and for purchasing an additional Burial Ground; and to enable them to raise Money for purchasing the present Parsonage House, artd converting the Site thereof into a Burial Ground, and for providing a new Par*

Ton age House; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the T erm and Powers, granted by Two Acts of Parliament, of the Third of King George the Firfi, and the Eleventh of his late Majesty, for enabling the Parishioners of Saint Mary, Rotherhith, in the County of Surrey,by certain Funeral Rates there- '

in mentioned, to finish the said Parish Church, and for purchasing an additional Burial Ground; and to enable them to raise Money for purchasing the present Parsonage House, and converting the Site tUoreofinto a Bu* rial Ground, and for providing a new Parsonage 1 Ioule.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill

Haute Huntre A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Fen, called Inclosure ^he Haute Huntre, Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen,

and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brozvn-low Bertie, Mr. Hume, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Knight, Mr.

Paterson, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Mr. Montagu,

Mr. iVejl, Sir Francis Vincent, Lord Downe, General A'Court, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Upton, Sir Charles Mr. Holt,

Lord Strange, Mr. Sandys, Sir Wodehouse, Mr.

Cujl, Lord Hinchingbrook, Mr Sir

rington, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Smith, Mr. Penton, Mr. Daiokins, Mr. Burke, 'Kit Alexander Grant, Mr. Walter, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. JackJ'on, Mr. Abercromby, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Morton, Mr. pole, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Drake, Sir John MolcJ'worth, Sir John Glynne;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, Northampton, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Reverend Robert Smith, Doctor in Divinity, Mailer of the College of The Holy Trinity,within the University of Cambridge, and the Fellows and Scholars of the same College, impropriator of the Great Tythes, and Patron of the V icarage of Swineficad, in the County of Lincoln; the

Reverend John Shaw, Doctor of Law, Patron and Rector of the Parilli Church of Wyberton, in the County of Lincoln, and Proprietor of Houses, Toftlteads, and Lands, in the said Parish; Zachary Chambers, Esquire, 16

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Plumptre reported from the Committeo, to whom Lemon the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Helds, Meadows, Common failures, and Commonable Lands, inij0;ure. lying South of the Turnpike Road, leading from tingham to Alfreton, within the Liberties audTownships of Lento n and Radford, in the County of Nottingham, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content.1 to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except His Most Excellent Majesty, who, in Right of His Crown, is entitled to the Right of Patronage and Presentatiou to the Vicarages of and

aforesaid); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wore Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, weie agreed to by the House.

Sir Jokn Hynde Cotton reported from i he Committee, to whomtheffoli for themore effectual dr.being and proTerv-ing certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, "in the Ham- let of Benwick,in the Parish of Haddington, 'idtilfy,

Ramsey, and Fared, in the Jjlc of "and Counties of Cambridge and Huntingdon, v. as committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction

v.oogie


7 Geo. III. 6° Martii. 207

Accounts presented; East India Company.

faction of the Committee (except --- purges, Guar-

dian of Thomas Burges, a Minor, whose Property in the Lands intended to be drained is 42 Acres, who would not lign the Bill, but said flic would not oppose); and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be drained eonii/ls of 9,000 Acres, or thereabouts, and that no Per-l’on appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and (hat the Committee had gone through the Bill, and mad'1 several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the house; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at tile Clerk’s Table: Where J the Report was read.

And fevpral of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were postponed, and the relt were agreed to by the House.

Refolded, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to w hom the same was committed.

The House being informed that Mr. James, from the United Company of Merchants trading to th attended ut the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of the Number of Ships, with their Tonnage, and Number of Seamen, employed by

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlets or Townships of ford. Exhall, Kings Broom, and Burnells Broom, in the County of Warwick, which Bill was, upon aft,

reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed; s Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s, Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Conlent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, also by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Ma-jeliy, having been informed of the Purport of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, lying South of the Turnpike Road leading from Nottingham to Alfreton, within- the Liberties and Townfiiips and Radford, in the County of Nottinghamwhich Bill W'as this Day reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed; gives His Consent, as far

the East India Company, between the ill January 1766 as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House

Leave of Absence.

and the ift of January 1767: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Number of private Men inlisted as Soldiers, in the Service of the East India Company, and sent by them from Great Britain, to their Settlements in the East Indie's, from the ift January 1761 to the presentTime; distinguishing each Year.

Together with a List of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Rajhleigh have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, also by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the Petition of several of the Proprietors of the Open Fields, and uninclosed Lands, Commons and Moors, within the Parishes of Langton and Woodhall, in the County of Lincoln; which Petition was, upon Tuesday the 3d Day of February last, presented to the House, and a Bill ordered to be prepared, and brought in, pursuant to the Prayer thereof; gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Wixford,

See.

Inclosure.

Lenton

and

Radford

Inclosure.

Langton

and

Woodhall

Inclosure,

Ways Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House and Means, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Raterfon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Raterfon reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Raterfon also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

VOL. 31.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Addref# His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleated to for Papers; order and direct, that there be laid before this House all Proposals that have been made within Six Months last pall, to any of His Majesty’s Ministers, by the Directors of the East India Company; relative to the Alfairs of the said Company.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That all Copies of Charters granted to the East India. East India Company, and all Papers and Accounts, Company, which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, relative to the Affairs of the said Company, be printed.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Charter granted to Ditto, the said Company by his late Majesty King the

First, dated the 24th Day o {September, in the Thirteenth Year of his Reign; which Copy was presented to this House upon the 9th Day of March 1729; he printed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That thife House will, upon this Day Fort- Ditto, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

Ordered,

2o8 6® — 90 Mariii. . 1767.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Bedford have Leave to Ffjldixd. That the Rill do pals: And that the: Tit lo

make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock. he, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

And he moved the House accordingly. Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable

Ordered, That Henry Vunfit I art, Esquire, do, upon Lands, within the llan.Tts or Townships o this Day Fortnight, attend tlieConnnitteeof the whole Kings Broom and Burnells Broom, in the County

1 louse, who are to inquire into the State and Condition of Warwick.

of the East India Company. Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill

Ordered, That John Zephaniah Holwell, Esquire, do to the Lords and delire their Concurrence, attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Colonel lleclor Munro do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Warren Hajiings, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That----- Gregory, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That----- Me Guire, Esquire, do attend

the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Colonel Eyre Coole do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Bishop Lands and Grounds in the Parish of South Burton, B<»um otherwise Bishop Burton, in the Fait Riding of the huluiure.

County of I hr A', was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, in the Pariili of South otherwise Bishop

Burton,\\\the Ealt Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. La/cellesdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 90 die Martii;

Anno 7* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

A/TR- presented to the House, according to

Beverley Tv A Order, a Bill to repair and widen the Road from Roads. White Cross to the Town of Bridlington, in the Eall Riding of the County of York: And the same was re* ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Carlton A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Inclosure. Meadows, and Stinted Paliures, in the Parish of Carlton inLindrick, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

RcJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. llexcelt, Mr. Pry re, hordStrange, Mr. Roberts, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Clive, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Knight, Mr. Burrell, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Henry Bridge-man, Mr. Gore, Mr. Shiff'ner, Sir William Mr

Montagu, Sir JohnGlynne, Mr. Morton, Mr.

Mr. Plumptre, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Parker, Mr Waljh, Sir Richard Philipps, Mr. Bacon, Sir Robert Lad broke, Mr. Doicdijwell, Mr. Poivell, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, York, Lincoln, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Layton ' The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Hawes Friday the 27th Day of Februanj last, for receiving, Iuclefure. Tomorrow Morning, the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common AVafte Grounds, and Sand Hills, called Layton llawcs, within the Manor of Layton, in the Parish of Poulton, and Bifpliam, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, w as committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Tliurjday Morning next.

Wixford, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Jaclofur* an<^ ^'on,mou Fields, Common Meadow s, and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlets or Townships of Wixford, Exhall, Kings Broom, and Burnells Broom, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

A Bill for carrying into Execution certain Art icles of Kingstoa Agreement entered into by George Pitt, Esquire, and in his Tenants of the Manor of Kingston, and Pitt, i*ur^cclc Esquire, and by the said George Pitt, and John Pitt, c n£e‘ for the Exchange of Lands in Pur in the County o f Dorset,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Burg-herjh, Mr. Lascelles, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Barrow, Lord CaMr. Mr. Shijfner, Mr. Morton, Sir JohnGlynne, Mr. Wynn,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vane, Sir John Wynn, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Fane, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Drake, Mr. llume.

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. er. Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Parker, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Doiodejiccll, Lord Howe, Sir Robert

Ladbroke, Mr. Sandys, Lord Strange, Mr. Jones, Mr.

Praed; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Somerset, Devon, Wilts, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open and Newton Common Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, nc 0 ure‘ within the Manor and Parish of Xewlou, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord BHigher/h, Mr; Kynaston, Mr. La/celles, Mr. Shifner, Mr.

Fonncrcau, Mr. Ton iifhend.Sir Henry Bridgeman, Mr.

Wynn, Sir William Owen, Mr. Sir

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fane, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Pennant,

Lord Cat her lough, Mr. Penton, Sir John Mr.

Bacon, Mr .-Robinson, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir

Abdy, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Mr.

Lord Strange, Mr. Powell, Mr. Morton, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Best, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Drake, Sir Robert Lad-broke, Lord Panmure, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr.

Cafwall, Lord Howe, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Buller,

Air. Bond; and all the Members who serve for tl/e Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, and WeJlmorland; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Right Reverend John Lord Bishop Itching of Winchester,was presented to the House, and read; R've[

Setting forth, That the Petitioner is informed a Bill is ^avioation' depending’to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the 16th and 17th Years of KingC/w the Second, for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise palfable, for Boats, Barges, and other Yodels, Co far as the same relates to the River Itching, and for better regulating the said Navigation; and that the Proprietors of the Navigation on the said River pretend, that, by some Order, or Decree of the Commissioners, appointed by the said Act, a Piece or Parcel of Meadow

Ground,

I Irj

3

3-,


iY

\!r.

A f tb Tentcrden,

&c.

b j. Road.

iV#

7 Geo. Ilf.

9® Mar Hi.

209

Ground, containing about One Acre, being Part of the Demel'ne Lands of the Petitioner, and his Pre* decoders, in Right of their Bishopric, was to be for ever held and enjoyed, by the said Proprietors, as a Wharf, at the Yearly Kent of Three Pounds^ and the same has for many Years been used by the said Proprietors for that and other Purposes; and that the Petitioner, and his Predecessors, Bishops of chefier, have, for Time immemorial, amended and kept in Repair a Road, or Way, leading from Bar K/ui, in or near the Parish Peter's, Chcefehilt,

in the Suburbs of the City of Winchester, to the Petitioner’s Episcopal House cailed and to Col-

lege Bridge, of the Length of Half a Mile, or thereabouts; and also a Bridge, called Blackbridge, situate in the said Road, and which is built upon the Demcfne of the said Bishopric, and, according to general Tradition, were formerly laid out, built, and used, for the private Accommodation of the Bishops of Winchester, and of Persons resorting to the said Episcopal House; and although the said Road and Bridge, by the Indulgence of the Petitioner’s PredCceftors, have been long laid open for common and public Ule, yet, until the said Piece of Meadow Ground was converted into a Wharf, the Resort of Passengers and Carriages was so ineonliderable, that they were capable of being maintained in good Repair at a very small Expence; and fhat the said Wharf is situated about the Middle of the said Road, and all Carriage^, going to or coming from the said Wharf, constantly pass along the fame; and by the Increase of the Business of the said Navigation of late Years, the Resort of Carriages upon the said Road and Bridge is become so great and frequent, that the fame, cannot be repaired without a conllant and a very large Expence; and that the Petitioner^and his immediate Predeceflfor, have laid out several Hundred Pounds in the Repair of the said Road, notwithstanding which, the same is now in a very ruinous Condition, and, by the further Increase of Trade on the said River, which will be the Consequence of the said Bill, the Expence of repairing the same will be also proportionably increased; and that as the great Expence of repairing the said Road is occasioned by the many heavy Carriages passing to and from the said Wharf, the Petitioner apprehends the Proprietors of the said Navigation should take upon themselves the Repair of the said Road, to which the Petitioner is willing to contribute such Annual Sum as to the House shall appear reasonable: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that Provision may be made in the said Bill for granting him such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

1. 6.

1.

After " Switzerland," insert " and Lewis Giles, Son of Giles and Maty his Wife, born at Bulbec, in the Province of Normandy, in ."

Leave out " his," and insert " their."

I. 17. Leave out " he," and insert " they."

I.18. After " Meyer f insert " and Lewis Giles-fi-. and in the same Line leave out the Words " he is," and insert " they are."

1. 21. Leave out "a;" and in the same Line, instead of "Subject," insert " Subjects." 1. 22. Leave out " lie is," and insert " they are," I. 26. Leave out " he," and insert " they;" and' in the same Line leave out " a."

I.27. Leave out "Subject," and insert " Subjects."

1. 30, Leave out " he," and insert ‘'they;" amk in the same Line, after " insert

" and Lewis Giles"....

1.31. Leave out " he is," and insert " they are." Pr. 2. 1. 2. Leave out " his," and insert " their."

1. 3. Leave out "Heir," and insert " Heirs;" and in the same Line leave out " his," and insert " their."

I: 7. Leave out " him," and insert " them."

1. 10. Leave out " he," and insert " they."

I. 16. After "if," insert " they;" and in the same Line, after " insert " and

Laois Giles'’ i.. 21. Leave out " he," and insert u theyand in the same Line, after " Meyer," insert " and Lewis Giles."

1.23. Leave out " a."

1. 24. Leave out " Subject," and insert Subjects."

1. 30. Leave out " he," and insert " they."

1.31. After " Meyers insert " and Lewis Giles:"

1.32. Leave out " a Member," and insert

' Members."

1. 36. Leave out " himself," and insert " themselves."

1. 37! Leave out " him," and insert " them."

In the Title of the Bill, after the Word " Meyer insert " and Lewis Giles."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Jarrit Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

T-

i X

.1,

Mr. Knight presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Town of Tenter den, to and over Bull Green, and to and through the Town of Great Chart, to a House known by the Sign of the Castle, at the Entrance of the Town of in the County of Kent;and also the Road leading from Bull Green

aforesaid, to Holt field Heath; and also the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid, through High Halden, to Dashmanden, in the Parish of in the said

County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Upton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Willis, Esquire, (lately called Thomas Swettenham) and his Issue, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Willis, pursuant to the Will of Daniel Willis, Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Upton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Swrttenham'i

Name.

Meyrr’s

Nat.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pafttires, and Com-The House proceeded to take into Consideration the monable Lands, lying South of the Turnpike Road

Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Leonard Meyer:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1.1.1. Leave out " beseecheth," and insert " be-fecch."

Vor.. 31.

leading from Nottingham to ,within the

Liberties and Townships of Lenton and Radford, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

3II Meadows,

Lenton

and

Radford

Inclosure.

210

Mar til.

A. 1767,

Ruddington

Inclosure.

Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, lying South of the Turnpike Road leading from Nottingham to Alfreton,within the Liberties and Town-

ships of Lenton and Radford, in the County of Not-

tingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumptre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An lnglraffed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Liberties of in

she County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time. Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

Ordered,

ingross'ed.

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Q*cchcih Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vdting in the Dean and Chapter of Durham, a certain Piece of Ground adjoining to the Town of South Shields,in the Cottnty Palatine of Durham, and for making an adequate Com pen fat ion' to the Curate of the Chapel of Saint Ililds,in the said County, and his SneeelTors, for the fame; and for enabling the

Shield*

Market

and

Fairs.

be. An Act for dividing and inefoiing the Open Fields, said Doan and Chapter to remove the Fairs and Mar-

Ealing

Roads,

ket out of the Town of South Shields, and to cause the same to he held on the said Piece of Ground; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An- Ad Bennet’. to enable Richard Bennet, Esquire, and his Ilfue, to take ^ame* and bear the Surname and Arms of Coffin, pursuant to §\\fWilliam-BeaitchampPro6l(rr reported from the Com- the Will Esquire, deceased, without

Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Liberties of Ruddington, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That M r. Plumptre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

thittee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual repair big, widening, and rendering commodious, the Highways within the Parish of Ealing, in the County of M'iddkJ'ex; and for lighting the Street in Old Brentford, within the said Parish, from the Turning1 towards Bridge, to a Street called The 'Half Acre; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone -through the Bill, and made fe-yeral Amendments thereurito; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; -and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to fevered of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and incloiing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bibun/, and Manors of Bibury Ofney, and Northumber-

land, and the Hamlet or Vill of Arlington, all in the said Parish of Bibury, in the County of Gloucester, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have paflect a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Contraft of Lease of Mines, between Charles Duke of Queensborough and Dover, of the one Part, and Patrick'Cheaufurd, James Craicfurd, and

Gilbert Meafon ,of the other Part, and for enabling the said Duke, and his Heirs of Entail, to grant Leases in Terms of the said Contraft; to which the Lords dciire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bibury

Inclosure.

Duke of Queen (borough’s

Leafing.

Adlingfleet

Drainage.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the - Bill for draining and preserving cer-

Malling

Heath,

&c.

Read.

Ordered, That Mr. BowcmV, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Harley,

Mr. Morgan, Mr. Note (on, S\r Wilbraham, Sir

Wilmingtobe added to the Committee, to whom the

Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Brick tain Low Grounds, in the Parishes of Adlingfleet and Kilns on East Mailing to the Turnpike Road on

Whit gift, in the West Riding of the County of York, Pembury Green; ami from Brand Bridges to the Four which Bill was, upon Monday the 16th Day of February Waits, near in the County of is

lull, read a Second Time, and committed; committed.

The Lord Strange, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, 1 taring been Mr. according to Order, reported from the ways

informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and Mean*. Consent, as far as llis Majesty’s Interest is concerned, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Ditto.

Supply granted to His Majesty, the Reiblutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read;

m

and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain, called for

One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1767, be

that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Mr. Lafcelksreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for draining and preserving certain low Ground^,

in the Parishes of Adlingfleet and Whitgift,in the Well

Riding of the County of York, was committed. That the'Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the f ie to be true; and that the Parties concerned had gives. their Confent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Six Persons, who,' defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax, by Computation, are Owners of 660 Acres of Land, granted for the Service of the Year 1767. within the said Parishes, One of whom could not be met. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, with; and the others refused to sign the Bill; and that That, towards railing the Supply granted to HisMa-the whole Number of Owners of Lands and Tenements jesty, the Sum of One million Eight hundred thousand interestedin the Bill are Thirty-five, and who fe Property, Pounds be raised, by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, to by the like Computation, amounts to 6,440 Acres); and be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose next Session of Parliament, and such Exchequer Bills, the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the if not discharged with Interest thereupon, on or be- Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which fore the Fifth Day of 1768, to be exchanged

they had directed him to report to the House; and lie and received in Payment, in such Manner as Exche-read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered quer Bills have usually been exchanged and received the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s in Payment.

Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, -agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, upon the said

211

! V.,v

h*

he:;.

Jr

rC

lK

r

ih


e it

k

D

T

is

fc

it;

<d

til;

lor

,be

s*

rets

Jj-

ilW

, U

;!f

v:rt

>0

f>

.7 Geo. III.

9° — 10° Martii.

fuid Refutations: And that Mr. Paterfun, Mr. Chan* cel lor of the Exchequer, Mr. Thomas Totsm/hend, Junior, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Price Campbell, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Cooper, and the Lord Strange, dh prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Anfu-er Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, That their toAdd-efsfbr Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would be gra-Papers. cioully pleased to Older and direct, that the Propels therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty bad commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

So it u as resolved in tine; Affirmative. ‘

Ordered, That George Dudley, Esquire, Chairman of the Court of Directors of the East India. Company, do

attend this House upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Thomas Rous, Esquire, Deputy Chair-v man of the said Court, do attend this House, at the same Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, updo. Friday Morn* high Price ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Provi"ons‘ Provisions.

Privilege;

Pembroke

Election.

orm

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- High Price ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole °‘c' House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

Complaint being made to the House, that, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, Matthias Davids, Clerk,

William Colly, Clerk, and Alexander Thomas, Gentleman, had brought Actions of Trespass on the same against John Merrick, Esquire, late Iilgh Sheriff* of the County of Pembroke, for refilling their Votes at the

late. Election for a^ui^,t °ff th.erShjre; l° -^inf *!}? House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His

present Parliament for lie fa,d qoihity; and that Ate Maje4 byaliftdTax, to be rajfed in bany U allace, Samuel Cooper, Attorneys at Law, and forihe Servicenfth*YearOn,*the,fa«d Wnlmndred

Ihotnas Wa/fon, Clerk in the Exchequer, acted as

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply Bill; Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Tax*

Eall India Company.

Attorneys in the said Actions;

A Motion M as made, and the Question being proposed, That the Matter of the said Complaint be heard at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Three

Weeks;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Scvennight.

A Petition of the Court of Directars of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, in obedience to several Orders, have laid before the House, not only all Treaties and Grants, but also faithful Extracts from their Correspondeirts, in order that no Information might be wanting, on their Part, to enable the House to judge of the State of the said Company’s Affairs, in the Course of the Inquiry now depending; and that the Petitioners observe, with Concern, by the Votes, that all the Papers and Account^ presented to the House, in this Session, relative to the said Company’s Affairs, are ordered to be printed; and representing to the House, that the Petitioners are apprehensive, such a Measure may tend to circulate the Matters contained in the said Correspondence, greatly to the Prejudice of the said Company: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

The I Ioufe was moved, that the Orders made upon Friday last, " that all Copies of Charters granted to the East India Company, and all Papers and Accounts, which have been presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, relative to the Affairs of the said Company; and also, the Copy of the Charter granted to the said Company by his late Majesty Kin the

Tirl't, dated the 24th Day of September, in the Thir-

for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednfday Morning next, refolv e itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Wart and Met

can*.

Supply.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the Houfi^ accordingly.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition WeSmlnftet of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the feve- Paving-ral Atts of Parliament for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lancs, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westmii\fler, and other Places therein mentioned, and for the other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, is referred, be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, io* die Martii;

Anno 70 Georgii III*" Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

A Petition of the several Merchants, whose Names Exportatkm are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, " M*1.1, and all others. Merchants, in the County of Norfolk,

City of Noncich, Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the said County, and in Gorleston, in the County of teenth Year of his Reign, M’hieh Copy was presented concerned in making, or exporting Malt, was presented

.17*9;

be

to tin’s House upon the gtji Day of March printed;’’ might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

A Motion Mas made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Orders be discharged;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Debate be adjourned till ednejUay Morning next.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

'Tn c.u v f Sir Alexander Gilmour, 7 Q

Tellers fop the Yeas, p8°-

T , c., v \ Sir William Meredith,

Tellers so, the Noes,{Mr

Vol. 31.

14O.

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, it is enatted, that no Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, should be exported from Great Britain, or Ireland, under the Penalties therein mentioned, but not to extend to Malt declared or made for Exportation, and Barley steeped, and entered at the Excise Office, to be made into Malt for Exportation, on or before the 15th Day of November 1766, w’hich shall be exported; and that no Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, which should be exported, by-virtue thereof, should be entitled to any of the Bounties, or Drawbacks, allowed on the Exportation of such

Corn-

212

lb* Martii.

A. 17S7.

Commodities, oraityof them; and that, until the said 15th Day of November lait, the Petitioners carried on their Business of manufacturing ordinary Barley into a Sort of Malt, fit for a foreign Market only, and had considerable Quantities of such Barley made, and declared, and making into Malt, for Exportation; ami that the Petitioners, in the natural Courl'e of their Trade, on the Faith of former Acts, granting a Bounty on Malt made for Exportation, did buy large Quantities of ordinary Barley, under the Price limited by such Acts, for granting the Bounty; that they have already, on the Assurances given them in the said former Acts, paid all such Bounty to the Farmers, of whom they bought the said Barley, by giving them a much higher Price than they otherwise would have done, and accordingly manufactured it into long Malt, fit only for a foreign Market; and that there is no Alternative left

Report in his Place; and a A erw aids delivered it iii at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are aieceflary to be made to the said Bill;

Re/blvcd, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Rt'fukcdy That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Lord BrounlowBertie presented to the House, according to Order, ii Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields, Moors, and Commons, in the Pat’ilhes of Langtonand Woodall) in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

B<fill ed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Langton

and

Woodall

Inclosure.

Sir reported from the Committee, to Purieish

to the Petitioners, as it mult be exported; but, bad whom the in graded Bill from the Lords, intitided. An K'&orjr. the Barley been made into lhort Malt, they might. Act for annexing the Rectory of Purleig/i, in the County on paying the Dhty, have fold it in any Market in of Essex, to the Office of Provost of the I louse of the Great Britain-, and that, the Petitioners thus circum- Blessed Mary the Virgin, in Oxford, commonly called ltanced, must, on exporting it without the Bounty, he Oriel of the Foundation of the Second, very great Sufferers; and that the Loss, which they of famous Memory, sometime King of England, was could neither forefec, or prevent, is too heavy for them committed. That the Committee had examined the to bear; and that by the Embargo laid on Corn and Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

Malt, the Merchants had the said Malt stopped, all and that the Parties concerned had given their Confent which would otherwise have been exported before the to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and

that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refill ed, That the Bill do pal’s. r Ordered, That Sir Roger do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath

passing the said Act, the greatest Part having been actually shipped for Exportation: And therefore praying the House to take the Premites into Consideration, and allow the Petitioners the Bounty on the said Malt declared or made for Exportation, and Barley ftceped, and entered at the Excise Office, to be made into Malt for Exportation, on or before the said 15th Day of November 1766, which since that Time has been, or agreed to the fame, without any Amendment, hereafter shall be, exported; or that the Petitioners

may have Inch Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine and ilate to tine House the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir Edward Walpole, Mr. Archer, Mr.

bert, Mr. Brand, Mr. Shi finer, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Dyfon, Sir Charles

daunt, Kir. Burrell, Mr. Renton, Kir. Morton, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Whit-

worth, Mr. Thomas Toxvn/hend, Mr. Bagot, Sir William Baker, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Loicndes, Sir Ellis lific, Mr. Byde, Mr. I^eigh, Mr. Bertie, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir. Anthony Abdy;and all the Members who

serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Aningrossed Bill for repairingandwidening the Road Spemal Aih, from Spernal Ash, in the County of through &c-

Studley, to a Street called Digbeth, in the Town of oad'

mingliam, was read the Third Time.

Rifilved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Spernal Ash, in the Comit y of W,arzvick, t hrough to aStreet called Digbeth, in the Town of Birmingham.

Ordered, That the Karl of Catherlough do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Lord Brownhw Bertie presented to the House, ac- Scamt>lelby

cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the inclosure-Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parilli of Scamblejby, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refilled, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

SirWilliam Bcauchamp Proctor presented to thelloufe, according to Order, a Bill for paving, cleansing, and

llittiflttll

inclosure.

Mr. De Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the Coun-

ty of Norfolk, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (exceptSix Persons,who together are posses-. fed of FJtates having Right of Common, on the Lands intended to be inclosed, of the Yearly Value 79, or

thereabouts, and that the whole Value of the Estates halving Right of Common on the said Lands, are of the Yearly Value of£. 1,471. ior. or thereabouts; and also except the Lords of the Manors of Mattishall, Tudden-ham, and East Tuddenham, who appeared before the Committee, and declared their Dissents to the said Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direeded him to report to the House; and he read the

lighting, that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate, in the County of Middlef and the Precinct of Saint Catherine, and for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refilled, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and March, to Wisbech Saint Peters, and from thence to TVdGoto, in the Isle of Ely; and from bech aforesaid, through On tic ell, to Bridge,

in the County of Norfolk-, and for repealing the several Acts for repairing the said Road through Wisbech and March, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bertie, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir John Cotton, Sir

Francis Vincent, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Hinder, Mr.

8!. Botolph (London) Streets.

Chatteris

Ferry,

&c.

Koad.

7 Geo. III.

10° Martii.

2x3

Yorke, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Byde, Mr, Archer, Mr. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Bacon, Mr. Parker, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Lynch Saluf ingrossed. bury Cotton, Sir James Bsong, Mr. Holt, Mr. Montagu,

Sir William Baker, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Hilbert, Mr. Mr.

got, the Lord Advocate, Mr. Isnvndes, Mr. Whittvorth, Mr. Pre/cott, Mr, Drake, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Plump-

Ordered, That Mr. Ileioett be added to the Gentle* AdBngffcct men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, 1 n"oll're* pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of

Lady of Part of the Manor o td.dlingf.ein the County

ire, Mr. Legh, Sir Ellis Cunlijfe, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, of fork, and also Owner of divers Messuages, Cottages, Mr. Barrozo; and all the Members who serve for the Lands, and Tenements, within the Townftrip of -

Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Norfolk, Lincoln, fleet aforesaid; the Reverend Nathaniel Hodgson, Vicar

Starkie’t

Eflaiei.

and Northampton; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Devisees for Life, named in the Will of Pierce Starkie, Esquire, deceased, and Trustees, to cut down and fell Timber, upon the Freedhold and Copyhold

'ciitiji

of Adlingfleet aforesaid, and Owner of all the Tithes (except the Tithes of Corn) and of certain Glebe Lands, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, within the saidTownship; CorneliusStovin, James Stovin, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of, or otherwise interested in, divers other Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as well within the said or Customary Estates, late of the said Pierce Starkie, in Township of Adlingfleet, as within the Townships of the Counties of York and Lane after, and to grant Leases Fockerby and Haldenby, in the Parish of Adlingfleet,

of the Quarries, Mines, and Minerals, within the Freehold Estates late of the said Pierce Starkie, in the same Counties, and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Ellis Cunliffe^Mr. Hunter, Lord Strange, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Roberts, Sir John Delaval, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

and also interested in certain Commons lying within the said several Townships, or some of them.

A Bill for establishing and well-governing a General Addenbnnk* Hospital, to be called Addenbrooke's in the Jfefpta1*

Town of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That that the Bill be committed to Mr.

Jcnyns, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr.

Cambridge.

tatt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Byde, Mr. Archer, Sir Charles Jhcnd, Mr. Fane, Mr. Vane, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Parker, Mor daunt, Sir George Armitage, Mr. Dyflm, Lord Ca- Mr. Brand, Mr. Shiffher, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Montagu, therlough, Mr. Pennant, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Archer, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr. Montagu, Mr. Be/ tie, Mr . Burrell, Mr. Edmonflone, Bertie, Mr. Byde, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Roger Mr. Willoughby, Colonel Calaraft, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Willoughby. Sir William* Fane, Mr. Wxpin, Mr. Walter, Mr. Thoroton, Lord Beauchamp Proctor, Mr Mr. Mackye, Mr.

Coleraine, Mr. Gore, Mr. Brand, Mr. Sibthorp, Mr. Shiffher, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Mr. Mr. Ro-

berts; and all the Members who serve for the Counties

Barrow, Mr. Praed, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Walter, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Sir Edmund Mr.

Gilbert, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Harris, Mr. Grenville,

of York, Lancaster, Chester, Cumberland, Durham, Nor- Mr. Hunter, Sir John St. Aubyn, Mr. Paterson; and all ihumberland, and Weflmorland; and for the Principality the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge,

SF-

t

L

of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.


Ayr

loads.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Ayr: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

at Huntingdon, Norfolk, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Borrow*

lounneft

Lord George Sackville presented to the House, according to Order a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the High Road between and Famborough, in the County of Kent, to Beggars Bush, in the Turnpike Road leading Lord Frederick Campbell presented to the House, ac- from Tuhbridge Wells, in the County of S/zffex: And

Bromley' and Farn borough Roads.

is*

cording to Order, a Bill for continuing the Duty of Scots!'1*'* Two Pennies Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be

brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Burrozvfounness, and Liberties thereof in the County of Linlithgow, and for extending the same over the Parish of Burrowstounness, for repairing the

the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Hamlet of Benwick, in the Parish of Doddington, Whittlesey, Ram-Harbour of the said Town; and for other Purposes fey, and Parcel, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cam-therein mentioned: And the same was received; and bridge and Huntingdon, was re-committed, That the

Benwick,

*c.

Drainage,

>. ir 1 P

1! rt 1* ie

lie

ift

«li

mi

ri

1111!

IF

sir

Hr.

Wymondhanij

See*

Roads.

read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill bfc read a Second Time.

Sir Armine Wodehouse reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term of several Atds for repairing the Road between Wymondham and Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk; and for amending the Road from the End of the Close, in the County of the City of Norwich,to the Chalk Pits, near

Thetford, in the said County of Norfolk; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Queflidn

Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 1 able: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Thoroton presented to the House, according to Ailftone Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open bicloture, Common Fields, and JJninclosed Meadows, in the Parish of Ailstone, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Warwick thro*

Mr. Archer reported from the Committee, to whom severally put thereupon were agreed to by the House, the Bill for repairing.and widening the Road from the ^,^01x0*1 Vox.. 31. 31 Borough Road.

314 io* — ll° 1767.

Borough of Warwick to King's Norton, and to the upper, End of Ganmic Green, and to the End of the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Woreefler, to s the Bell Inn, in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said

County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the-Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Keport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wereOnce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon tlieQuestion severallyput thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply BillMr. Paterson presented to the House, according to ^XBS», Ue? Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-seven: And ' the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Militia Mr. Paterson presented to the House, according to Pay and Order a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain

called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-seven: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

who have neglected to carry into Execution such Parts of the said Act; was committed; That the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and l hen a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Bankrupts; Seven-night, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more equal and effectual Distribution of the Estates and Effects of Merchants,

Bankers, Traders, Scriveners, Factors, or Brokers, deceased; and for the better Security of the Estates and Effects of such Persons, described as aforesaid, becoming Bankrupts in their Life-times.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy ii° Martii;

Anno 7° Georgii III*" Regis, 1767. Prayers.

Highways; A Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act A N ingrossed Bill for draining and preferring eer-Amending of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, for the A tain Low Grounds, in the Parishes of Adlrefixt 1WS‘ Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Whit gift, in the West Riding of the County of York,

Adlingflett

Drainage.

of this Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Morton, Lord Grey, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Sliiffner, Sir George Afmitage, Sir

John Delaval, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr. Pratt, Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Burrell, Sir Frances Vincent,'

Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Walter, Mr. Mr. Sib-

thorp, Mr. Weddell, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Lozondes, Mr. Robinson, Mr.

Jon, Mr. Praed, Mr. Fuller, Sir JoJtph , Mr.

Mackzeorth, Lord Strange, Mr. Dozcdcfoell, Mr. Tho-roton, Mr. Penlon, Mr. Fit Mr. Fane, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Gore, Mr. Vane, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Calcrafl, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Holt, Sir IViUiani

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for draining and preserving certain Lo>v Grounds in the Pari (lies of Adlingfleet and in the West Riding of the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Lafcellea do carry^the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bull reported from the Committee, to whom the Westminsta Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution raving, the several Acts of Parliament, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of J Yefim infer, and other Places therein mentioned; and for the other Pur-Baker, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Byde, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. poses in the said Acts mentioned; was referred; That

Heicetl, Mr. Jackson, Mr. fawnjhcnd, Mr. Plumptre, the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Mr. Bacon, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Whately, Petition: and had directed him to report the fame.

Sir Roger Nexvdigate, Lord Percy: And they are to as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speak- Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at er’s Chamber. the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the as followeth;

Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed. To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

George Box informed your Committee, That the said yjVn. Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom Commissioners have continued to put the said Acts in

Execution; in doing which, they find that foine further Powers and Regulations are necessary to answer the Purposes of the said Acts.

And he instanced,

That the Provisions of the Acts to prevent Encroachments and Obstructions, for laying the Rates, for the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, of recovery of Penalties, for dispoiing of old Materials, for . that Part of Great Britain called England, for One paving Streets on Application of the Inhabitants, and Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1766; and for for allowing Inclosures for building, are insufficient. explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual,. And,

several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Second, Fourth, That Power is wanting to regulate Stands ofllackney and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, Coaches; to settle the Wages of Labourers; to widen.a relating to the raising and training the Militia, within Street called to depoftt Materials

that Part of Great Britain called England; and for iu- whilst any Street is paving; to give the Commissioners demnifying such Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, a current Power with the Commissioners of Sewers Justices of the Peace, Clerks of the Peace, and others, for feme Purposes.

*7

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for giving further Time to His Majesty’s Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, Clerks of the Peace, and others, for carrying into Execution certain Parts of an Act passed in the lull Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying

7 Geo. III.

n" Mar

2*5

Mr. Marqnand, Surveyor, confirmed Mr. Box's, Evi- into the Haven, or Dock, of Kingston upon from

: I

dence; and they added. That, if the said Acts were reduced into One Law, it would be a Means of facilitating the Works thereby directed to be done.

Ordered, That Leave tie given to bring in a Bill to amend and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Acts passed in the Second, Third, Fourth/and Fifth Years of Ilispresent Map fly’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of and other Places in the said Aids mentioned; and for iving further Powers for those Purposes: And that

being subje# to the Payment of any Rates or Duties, to be imposed for the Purpose of improving the Port, or Haven, of Kingston upon Hull.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term of several WymonJiu

Road*


Canon

and

Clyde

Navigation.

0,1


3?i

ia?

:,w

Acts for repairing the Road between Wymondham and Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk j and for amend* ing the Road from the End of the Town Close, in the Ir. Bull, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. County of the City of to the Chalk Pits, neat

Filzhcrbcrt, Mr. Plnmptre, and Mr. Thomas Pitt,do Thetford, in the said County of Norfolk; was read the

prepare, and bring in, the fame. Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that thelTitlB Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Com- he. An Act for continuing the Term of several Acts mittee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, for repairing the Road between Wymondham and Attle* and Manufacturers, of the Ci t v of Glasgow, was referred, borough, in the County of Norfolk; and for amending.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the the Road from the End of the in the County

said Pet ition; and had directed him to report the fame, of the City of to the Chalk Pits, near Thtt-

as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the ford, in the said County of Norfolk.

Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered it in Ordered, That Sir Armine Wodehouse do carry the at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, is as followeth; viz.

' To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.. Sir Robert Ladbroke presented to the House, accord- London

Charles Gascoigne,being examined, said. That by Sur- ing to Order, a Bill to prevent Frauds and Abuse* in Coal M«er*<

veys made it appears that a Canal or Cut may be made the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, ®®ce*

ifrom the lliver Canon, through the Counties of Stirling, within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof,

~ " " and between the Tower Dock and Hole, in

the County of: And the same was received j

and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hull

Docks.

Dumbarton, and Lanerk,to the River Clyde, near the City of Glasgow, for the Navigation of Boats and other "Vessels, whereby an ealy Communication may be made between the Firths of Forth and Clyde, which will be the Means of facilitating the Carriage of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, and lessening the present Price of the Carriage of such Goods Three Fourths upon the whole Sj>ecies of Goods now conveyed from and to the Firths aforesaid, and will be of public Lrtility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, jfrom the River Chide,at or near the City of in the County of Lanerk, to the River at or

near Carron Shore, in the County of Stirling: And that Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Mr.

Daniel Campbell, Mr. James Campbell, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Laurence Dundas, Mr. Wedder -

turn, and Captain Lockhart ,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York, was presented to the.House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, from the Votes of the House, that a Bill is brought in for making Docks, and other Conveniences, for the Use and Aceommoda-

Mr. Thomas Pitt reported from the Committee, to Stonebi whom the Bill for building a Bridge cross Creek,fromStonehouse, to Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b? ingrossed.

ipufe Creek

An ingrossed Bill from the Lards, intituled, An A6$ for confirming a Contract of Lease of Mines between Charles Duke and Dover, of the on

tion of Ships at Hull, and appropriating certain Lands Part, and Patrick Craicfurd, James Crawfurd, an

Duke of Queens-boroughl Leafing.

Gilbert Meafon,of the other Part, and for enabling

the said Duke, and his Heirs of Entail, to grant in Terms of the said Contract, was read the First Time, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual repairing.

belonging toHis Majesty to thofeUfcs; and that tliePe-ti.tionersare informed, that, as the said Bill is now formed, certain new Duties arc intended to be laid, not only upon all Merchant Ships and Vessels employed in any foreign Trade, and trading or coming into or from the said Port of Kingston upon Hull,hut upon every Sloop,

Keel, or other Vessel, employed in the River Trade, and widening, and rendering commodious, the Highways not passing The Spurn, or that shall load Goods or Mer- within the Parilli of Ealing, in the County of Middle-ebandizes from any Ship, or Vessel, Coastwise, or from and for lighting the Street in Old Brentford, within

any Foreign Ship or Vessel; and that the Petitioners the said Parilli, from the Turning towards Kew Bridge, humbly apprehend, that it would be highly unjust that to a’Street called The Half Acres was read the Third Ships, or Vessels, passing through The Humber, \i\i and Time.

down i-he Rivers Oijeand Trent, and several very con- Bcfolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, jfiderabte navigable Rivers, in the great Commercial An Act for the more effectual repairing,widening, and

Etling

Road*

County of York, and never putting into, or Hopping at, the Haven or Port of Kingston upon should be loaded with a new Duty for the Improvement of that1 Ilaven, from which they cannot receive any Benefit: And therefore praying. That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, proper Provisions may be made therein, to’ exempt all Ships, or Vessels, trading up or down die River Ouse, in the County of York, and not putting ' ' Vot. ^1

rendering commodious, the Highways within the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex; and for lighting the Street in Old Brentford, within the said Parilli, from the Turning towards Kew Bridge, tc a Street called The Half Acre.

Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp Pro6lor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Mr,

21

11" Martii.

A. 1767.

Bishop Soil Drainage,

Ac*

called , for One Year, beginning the Twenty-

fifth Day of March, One Thousand Seven Hundred Sixty-seven, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Debate upon the Motion, made upon Monday last, for discharging the Orders made upon Friday lall, " That all Copies of Charters granted to the East India Com-

__________ __________0_. ..... pany, and all Papers and Accounts, which have been

to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, Forty-six Persons, who have Common Right upon the relative to the Affairs of the said Company; and also, said Commons, and are charged to the Land Tax the Copy of the Charter granted to the said Company within the said Parishes, the Sum of£.63. 4s. S %d.by his late Majesty King George the First, dated the and who chose to stand Neuter, or were incapable; 24 th Day of September, in the Thirteenth Year of his Twenty Persons who could not be found, who are Reign, which Copy was presented to this House upon charged to the Land Tax £.6. 10 s.qd.; and Twenty- the 9th Day of 1729, be printed;" beingread;

four Persons who refused to consent, who are charged The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the ' ' ‘ said Motion.

And Mr. Dudley and Mr. Rous attending, according

’ Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining, a Parcel of Waste Ground, or Common, called Bishop Soil, in the Teveral Parishes of Howden a and in the Parish, or Parochial Chapelry of Blackloft, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the everal Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Estates, at Burfea, Spald-

vigton, Gribthorp, Holme, Foggathorpe, Everingham, Seaton, Ross, and Hafwell, in the East Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and, that the Parties concerned had given their Consent

East India Company*

to the Land Tax £.27. A and that 458 Persons, who are charged the Sum of £. 726. 9 s. if d. to the Land Tax, had contented); and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they

to Order, were called in; and at the Bar examined, with relation to printing the said Papers.

And then they were directed to withdraw.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made to

had directed him to report to the House and he read the Question so moved upon Monday last, by adding at

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wrere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent Damage being done to other Drainages:

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr.

Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

Tht Lords The Lords do delire, that this House will give Leave for a Member lo Charles Harrow, Esquire, a Member of this House, to attend to attend the Lords Committees for Privileges; in order dwn.. to his giving Evidence before their Lordships, in relation to the Matter of a Petition of Henry Willoughby, Esquire, to His Majesty, claiming the Barony of Willoughby of Parham, referred to the Consideration of the said Committee. -And then the Messengers withdrew.

Leave given. Resolved, That Charles Barrow, Esquire, a Member of this House, have Leave to go to the Lords, as desired by their Lordlliips in the said Message, if he thinks fit. And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. . Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

the End thereof, these Words, viz. " so far as the same " relate to the Correspondence and the Accounts presented by the East India Company."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the main Question, thus amended, being put;

Ordered, That the Orders made upon Friday last,

" That all Copies of Charters granted to the East India Company, and all Papers and Accounts which have been presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, relative to the Affairs of the said Company; and also, the Copy of the Chart er granted to the said Company by his late Majesty King George the First, dated the 24th Day of Septemberin the Thirteenth Year of his Reign, which Copy was presented to this House upon the 9th Day of March 1729, be printed be discharged, so far as the same relate to the Correspondence and the Accounts presented by the East India Company.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Charters and other Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

Call of the House.

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bills.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-seven, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved,'X\\it the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- His Majesty ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Land Tax. House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-seven.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Way* and Means.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to

Militia Pay and Clothing.

A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part Qf Great Britain

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered,

Supply.

Pali India Company.

7 Geo. III. n° — i 317

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all such Charters and Grants to the India Com- pany, as are preserved in the Rolls Chapel.

East-Indi* Mr. Secretary Conway presented to the House, pur-Company. suant to their Address to His Majesty,

A Paper, intituled N® i, dated January 6th, 1767, and delivered to the Duke of Grafton, by the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the East India Company: And also,

A Paper, intituled N° 2, dated February 6th, 1767, and delivered to the Duke of Grafton, by the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the East India. Company: And also,

A Paper, intituled N° 3, dated February 14th, 1767, Queliions delivered by the Duke of Grafton to the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the East India Company, for an Explanation of their Paper, N° 2: And also,

A Paper, intituled N® 4, dated February 20th, 1767, Answer t.o the Queliions N® 3.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Jovis, 12° die Martii;

Anno 7* Georgii III1" Regis, 1767, PraYers.

Tam Moor OIR Anthony Abdy reported from the Committee, to inclosure. vj whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, called Tlw Tarn Moor, in the Township of Skipton, in the West Riding of the County of York, anch for applying the Produce thereof towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Township, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of One Acre, Three Roods, and Thirty-seven Perches, who, being applied to, refused to ligu the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Three Acres, Three Roods, and Twenty-nine Perches, who could not be found i and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be


inclosed amount to 141 Acres); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Conunittee had gone through the Bill, and made I'everaJ Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:' Where the Amendments, were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Benwick An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual draining and lie. prelb rving certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds in the

Drainage. Hamlet of Benwick, in the Parish of

tlefey, Ramsey, and Farcet, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Huntingdon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual draining and prelerv-

Vo,l. 31.

ing certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Hamlet of Benwick, in the Parish of Doddington,

Ramsey, and Farcet, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Huntingdon. 1

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ilewettpresented to the House, according to Adlingfleet

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Lands, hiclolure. Grounds, and Commons, in the several Townships of Adlingjleet, Fockerby and Haldenby, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Robinson be added to the DHlingtoft Gentlemen, u'ho are appointed to prepare, and bring in, inclosure. a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Sir James Lowther, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of DJling-

ton, in the County of Cumberland, and of divers Owners

of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Ordered, That Mr. John Robinson be added to the Henfingham Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring inclosure. in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Henfingham, in the County of Cumberland, and of divers Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge cross Stone- Stonehouse house Creek, from Stonehouse to Plymouth Dock, in the gre,tk County of Devon', "was read the Third Time. ri £e’

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge cross Stonehouse Creek, from Stonehouse to Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Robinson presented to the House, according Dlftingtdn to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure* Common, Within the Manor of Dislington, in the County of Cumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Robinson presented to the House, according Hendnghatft to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open inclosure* Comjnons, within the Manor of Henfingham, in the County of Cumberland: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Robinson reported from the Committee, to Kendal Felt whom the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, hiclosure. Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Burgh and Tow'nship of Kirk by in Kendal, in the County of U'ejl-morland, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Holme, being examined, said, That there is a TraCl of Waste Ground within the Burgh and Township of Kirkby in Kendal, called Kendal Fell, the Property of the Inhabitants of the said Township and Burgh,

W'hich, at present yields little Profit, and is capable of great Improvement; and that the inclosing the fame, and applying the Profits thereof towards the Relief and Employment of the Poor, would be a great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Burgh and Township, and of public Utility.

3 K That

2i8 i 2° MartiiA. 1767.

That the cleansing and enlightening the Streets in Mr. Mr. and all the Members who

the said Town would be a great Advantage and Con- serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Durham, venience to the Inhabitants; but the Expence thereof thumberland Northampton, and Nottingham: And they cannot be defrayed without the Aid of an Act of are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Parliament. Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing a Piece of Wade Ground, in the Borough A Billfor the more effectual draining the Lands lying Ancholme and Townlliip of Kirkby in Kendal, for the Benefit of in the Level of in the County of and Drainage,

the Poor; and for cleansing and enlightening the Streets making the River Ancholme navigable from the River of the said Town: And that Mr. John RobinJ’on, Mr. Humber, at or near a Place called Ferraby Sluice, in Upton, and Sir James Loivther, do prepare, and bring the County of Lincoln, to the Town Briggs,

in, the fame. and for continuing the said Navigation up or near to

- the said River, from thence to Briggs, in the said

ShaddenGate, Mr. John Robinson reported from the Committee, Couniy of Lincoln; was read a Second Time,

Cariifle *° whom the Petition of l’everal Gentlemen, Clergy', and Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed to Lord

Road* Freeholders of the County of Cumberland, was referred, low Bertie, Sir Charles Mordaurit, Mr. Heweft, Mr.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the naston. Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Morton, Mr.

said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Shiftier, Mr.

as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Lord Strange, Lord Thomond, Mr. Weddell,

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in Mr. Sir

at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and well, Mr. Mr. Wynn, Sir Ellis Mr.

is as followeth; viz. baldejton, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Fonnercau, Mr. Gore, Mr.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Upton, Mr. Townshend, Lord Greij, Sir James Lowther,

George Blamire, being examined, said, That the Road Sir Kendrick Clayton, Mr. Grey, Sir Edmund Sir

leading from Shaddon Gate, near Carlisle, to Mulafide, William Baker, Mr. Meyrick, Lord Mr.

and from thence to Skillbeck, near Mfrehouse,to the Alderman Mr. Reynolds, I^ord,

Turnpike Road leading to Kifwick, is in a ruinous Con- Sir Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir Francis

dition, and in many Places very narrow, and cannot be Mr. Fenton, Mr. Burke, Mr. Pennant, Lord John Ca-effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods Lord George Mr. Montague, Mr.

prescribed by Law. vendish, Mr. Lawrence, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Archer, Mr. Jijlabic, Mr. Dvfon, Mr. Sir

repairing and widening the Road from Shaddon Gate, Lamb, Mr. Pou Mr. Mr. Parker, Mr.

near Carlisle, to the present Turnpike Road at Mula- Staunton, Sir John Filmer, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. side, and from a Place in the said Turnpike Road, be- Poiclet, Mr. Byde; and all the Members who serve for tween Binfey Mires and North Raw Gate, to join the the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, and North-Turnpike Road at Skillbeck, in the County of Cumber- amplon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five land: And that Mr. John Robinson, Mr. Upton, Sir of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who James Lowther, and Sir John Pennington, do prepare, come are to have Voices, and bring in, the fame.

A Melfage from the Lords, by' Mr. Graves and Shalftone A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Mr. lndofure. mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Mr. Speaker,

Waste Grounds, and Commonable I^ands, within the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cofgrart Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Shalstone, in the County for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Incloluit. of Bucks, was read a Second Time. Field, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burke, Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Township Mr. Montagu, Lord Vemey, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles and Liberties of Cofgrave, in the County of Northampton Mordaunt, Mr. Prescott, Mr. William Burke, Sir George (exclusive of and Field, in

10ffge, Mr. Robinson, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Town- the Parish of Cofgrave in the said County), without any Jhend, Lord Strange, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Scuda- Amendment: And also,

more, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Whately, Mr. Pitt, Lord Ca- The Lords have agreed to the BUI, intituled, An Act Kingston thcrlough, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Parker, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an U|^l|U Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Staunton, Lord Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of his late Majesty,

John Cavendish, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Hezoe/t, Mr. Tuff- for repairing the Road from the Town of Kingston nel, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Dyfori, Mr. Mellish, Mr. upon Hull, to and through the Town of Anlaby,

Howard, Sir Edmund Ifiiam, Sir William Owen, Mr. and from thence to the Town of Ella, in the

Jennings, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Plump- County' of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull, with-tre; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of out any' Amendment: And also,

Bucks, Oxford, Berks, Northampton, and Bedford:And The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hedon they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, Act to enlarge the Term and Powrers of an Act, passed in the Speaker’s Chamber. in the Eighteenth Year of King George the Second,

for repairing the Road from Sacred Gate, on the South Wootton A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands Ealt Side of the Town of Hedon, in the Fall Riding of lndofure. and Grounds, in the Parish of Wootton, in the County the County of York, through the: said Town, to /

of Lincoln, was read a Second dime. North Bridge; and for amending the Road from the

Refill-red, That the Bill be committed to Lord Broivn-present Turnpike Bar in through the

loro Bertie, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Scudamore, Lord 'Townships of and Sproatley, to the Guide Post

Strange, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Sir Charles in Lane, near Moor in the

Mordaunt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. RobinJ’on, M r. Kynaston, M r. same Riding; without any Amendment.

Hc:cett, S\rThomas Cave, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Burke, And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Melish, Mr. 1 low ard, S\r lynch ahfbury. Cotton, Mr. Shiff’ner, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Byde, A Petition of the Prisoners in Warwick Gaol, on Be- DiflwW

Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Pitt, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. half of themselves, and all other Prisoners confined in ^eiHur1-Tuff nel, Mr. DyJ’on, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Lcgh, Mr. Rey- Prison, was presented to the House, and rend; C-om-nolds, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Mnjrick, Mr. Plumptre, Sir plaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Anthony Abdy, Mr. White, Mr. Weddell, Mr. John Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Robinson, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Ojbaldcfion, Mr. -Amcotts, Table.

18 Mr.

We

hd

'.Lrc U!

Add

tT!

W

hfl

7 Geo. Ill, ia° Martii. a 19

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to explain, alter, and amend, an Act for repairing and widening Icveral Roads, leading from between the Second and Third Milestones on thcTurn- pike Road, between the Town and County of and )Vinborn Min/ter,in the County of Dorset, to Bratton Corner, in the County of ami for repairing

and widening the Road, from the Turnpike in -, Jton, to or near a House called Fontleroy's Farm House, in the County of Dorset;was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Hpufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Westminster Mr. Fitzherbert presented to the House, according

having. j.Q Order, a Bill to amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Acts passed in the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places in the said Acts mentioned; and for giving further Powers for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Warwick An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the

... Road, from the Borough of U'anvick to King's Norton,

Xing» Norton,

goad. and to the upper bud ol and to the Lnd

of the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of ter, to the Bell Inn,in the Parish o in the said County, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. i. I.9. To leave out " in the said County of Warwick."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Hatton, near the Borough of Warwick, through King's Norton, in the County of Worcester, and to the upper End of Gannow Green, in the Parish of Bromsgrove, and to the Bell Inn, in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Archer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ure Sir Fletcher Norton presented to the House, accord-

Navigation. ing to Order, a Bill for making navigable the River Ure,from its June’!ion with the River Swale, to the Borough of Ripon,in the County of York: And the same w as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Liverpool gjr Cunlifereported from the Committee, to

Churches. vvh°in the Bill for enlarging the Term and Pow ers granted by an Act of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for erecting and building Two new Churches, and providing Burial Places, in the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee lmd gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they

Vol. 31.

had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grolled.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Baakrupts.

Tuesday lait, for the House to resolve itl’elf, upon that Day Sevennight, into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more equal and effectual Distribution of the Eltates and Effects of Merchants,

Bankers, Traders, Scriveners, Factors, or Brokers, deceased; and for the better Security of the Eiiates and Effects of such Persons, described as aforesaid, becoming Bankrupts in their Life-times, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That l^eave be given to bring in a Bill for the more equal Distribution of the pcifonal ElUtes of

Persons deceal’ed, among their Creditors, and for fub-jeding the real Eiiates of deceased Traders to all their Debts: And that Mr. Blackstone, Mr. and

Mr Prescott,do prepare, and bring in, the tame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring, in a Bill for the better Security of the Eltates and Elicits of Merchants, Bankers, Traders, Scriveners, factors, or Brokers, who may hereafter become Bankrupts: And that Mr. Prescott, Mr. John RobinJ'on, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit. Committees, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Mr. Ilewett reported from the Committee, to whom Foflon Bridge the Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and to Powers of so much of Two several Acts made, One in Litt!« Dr->'loa the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the °* First, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the Road leading from Fofton Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, w as committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with th6 Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon High Price Monday lait, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- of mittee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to Provisions. consider further of the present High Price of Provisions, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon High Price Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- f

mittee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to Coril‘ consider further of the present High Price of Corn, might be read.

And

220

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Morn-

' ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Leominster Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Hereford, in the room of Chafe Price, Esquire; who, fmee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted . the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and Bvnen-

ham, in the County of Buck

Private Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House, Business. upon Monday next, to proceed Upon any private Bu-fmefs after Two of the Clock.

Kington The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House,

5’ upon the Bill for making Docks and other Conveniences for the Use and Accommodation of Ships, lengthening the South-cnd Jetty, erecting Dolphins and other Works, in the Haven and Port of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty to those Uses;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Layton The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Hawes Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for di-Inclosure. vjjing an(j jnci0fing the Common Walle Grounds, and Sand Hills, called Layton Hawes, within the Manor of Layton, in the Parishes of and BiJ'pham, in the County Palatine of Lancujler, was committed;

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The Lord Strange repprted from the said Committee,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of Estates within the said Manor, containing Four Hundred and Thirty Acres and One Half, entitled to Right of Common upon the said Walie and Sandhills; and that the Whole of the Estates within the said Manor, entitled to such Right of Common, contain TwoThoufand Two Hundred and Eighty-three Acres, and One Quarter; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were. Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotl’cd.

O

Supply Bill; The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Exchequer a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Bills. railing a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-seven.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

16

A. 1767.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Militia ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole .?nd House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the clothin*;' Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-seven.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunee, 16° die Martii;

Anno 70 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

THE House being moved, in pursuance of the Private Order of Thursday last, that Leave be given to move the House this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon, in the House, this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

An Sngrofled Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain 'farQ Moor Common, called The Tarn Moor, in the Township of IncMiut. Skiptun, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for applying the Produce thereof tow ards the Relief of the Poor of the said Township, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, called The Tarn Moor, in the Township of Skip-ton, in the West Riding of the County of I and for applying the Produce thereof towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Township.

Ordered, That Sir Anthony Abdy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Bill for making navigable the River from its kTre Junction with the River Swale, to the Borough av‘Sa,i0, V

in the County of York; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. celles, Mr. Bag of, Mr. IVeddell, Mr. Cur'on, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bull, Mr. Lawrence, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Simt I Inearth, Sir J cirri! Smith,

Sir George Armitage, Mr. Vane, Mr. Admiral

Frankland, Mr. Noel, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir Fletcher Norton, Mr. Morion, Mr. Coventry, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Thurlow, Lord Allen, Sir Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gilbert, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Lowndes, Sir John St. Aubyn, Mr. Edmon/lone, Mr. Adams, Mr. Aufrere, Mr. lYal/er, Sir Charles Kermis Tynte, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Bushout, Sir John General

Iloneywood, Mr Glover, Mr. Foley, Mr Mr.

Cornwall, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr.; and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Nottingham, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancujler: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admea- London furement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the CoJWaert City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and between ^<,c* the lower Dock and LimchouseHole, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, TUiat the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr Kynaston, Mr. Edmonjtone, Mr. Archer,

Mr. Lascelles, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr.

120 — i 6° M

7 Geo. III.

16° Martii.

221

Whateley, Mr. Coutts, Lord Bateman, Mr. Toicnjhend, over Ifanxcell Heath, through the Parishes

Mr. Gilbert, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Hunter, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Sebright, Sir William Wellern in the said County; and for lighting,

Meredith, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Lafcclles, Mr. watching, and watering the Highway, between Tyburn

Knight, Kir. De Grey, Mr. Morton, Mr. Roberts, Mr. and Kensington Gravel Pits-, and that the Great Road Smith, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Willoughby, Lord Frederick leading from London, to Oxford, Gloucester,

Campbell, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Burn ell, and other capital Places in this Kingdom, lies through

Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Cholmlry, Sir Fran- the High Street of the said Town of to

cis Vincent, Mr. Nerve ft, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Meyrick, the Edge of the County of Bucks, anc| always has Mr. Harvard, Sir George Armitage, Sir EdmundIsham, been kept up and repaired by the Inhabitants of the

Mr. Darker, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Ofbaldefion-, said Town, at a very large Expence, without any

Burrow*

ftounness

TwoPennies

Scots.

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, Surrey, Svjfex, Oxford, and ford-, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to haire Voices.

A Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies or a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon evey Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be Brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Burrtnvftounness, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow, and for extending the same over the Parish of Burroxvjtounness for repairing the Harbour of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Edmoifione,

Aid or Assistance, other than the usual Statute Duty, which is greatly insufficient for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That the said High Road, leading through the said Town of Uxbridge, to the said County of Bucks, may be taken into, and made Part of the Trust intended to be created by the above-mentioned Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And t^iat they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Beauchamp ProRor, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Rafhleigh, Mr. Knight, Mr. DeGrey, Mr. Burke, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Archer, Mr. Harley, Sir Charles daunt, Mr. Rnjhaut, Mr. Gascoyne, Sir General I^ambton, Lord Brownloro Bertie, Mr.

Mr. Wedderbuni, Mr. Ross, Lord Fife, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Vane, Lord Garlics, Mr. Hewett, Mr.

Cairo n and Clyde Navigation.

Mr. Mackenzie, M r. Montagu, Mr. Upton, Lord fuart. Lord Advocate, Mr. Onslow, Lord Mr.

Paterjon, Mr. Lafcclles, Lord Paumure, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Campbell, Sir Jar SMr Darker, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Kir. Burrell, Mr. Plnmptrc, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Iloioard, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Charles Frederick, Mr. Bcjt, Mr. Larwrence Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Coventry, Admiral Frankland, Mr. Weddell-, and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord Frederick Campbell,presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a navigableCut, or Canal, from the River at or near the City of Glasgow, in the County of Lanerk, to the River Carron, at or near Catron Shore, in the County of Stirling: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Smith, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Pryfc, Campbell, Sir James Da/hiooood, Mr. Mr.

Lafcclles, Mr. Rigby, Lord Strange, Mr. Morton, Lord Carysfort, LoVd Orwell, Mr. Cooper, Mr. , Sir

William Maynard-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Bucks, Oxford, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com- AD (Iona mon Fields; and Uninclosed Meadows, in the Parish of Inclosure. Ailjtone, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Fitxmaurice, Mr. Hewett, Mr.

Mr. Hotham Mr. Grenville, Mr. Toionjhend, Mr. WiU son. Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Onslow,

Mr. Whateley, Mr. Bindley, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr.

Keck, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Ix>rd;

Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Frederick, Mr. Upton, Mr. St. BotoTph, A Bill for paving, cleansing, and lighting, that Part Lowndes, Sir Mr. Hunter, Mr.

London, of the Parish of Saint Botolph 'without Aldgate, in the Jon, Mr. Smith, Mr. Scudamore, Mr \jord Allen,

Streets. County of Middlesex, and the Precinct of Saint Cathe- Colonel Burton, Sir John Filmer, Mr. Coutts, Mr.

vine, and for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, Cholmondely, Mr. Harris, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Bacon-, within the same, was read a Second Time. and all the Members who serve for the Counties of

Rejotved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Leicester, Nottingham, Lincoln, Derby, and York: And Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Ky- they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock* najton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Paterjon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tyburn

and

Uxbridge

Road.

Hunt, Mr. Archer, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Fuller, Lord Allen, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. , Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Burrell, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Bull, Mr. Edmonfione, Lord Bateman, Mr. Butler, Mr. Upton, Mr. Toionjhend, Lord Howe, Mr. Coventry,

Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Harris, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Rafhleigh, Mr. Par-

ker, Mr. Smiths and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Hertford, Kent, Surrey,

and Sussex And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five fifthe Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it appears, by the Votes, that a Bill is ordered for repairing the High-

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and enlarging the foffon Bridge Term and Powers of so much of Two several A ftsmade,

One in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the Road leading from Fofion Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Rejotved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term an<|

Powers of so much of Two Acts made, in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and ill the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Spittlcgate Hill, near Grantham in the County of Lincoln, to Little in the County of Nottingham, as relates to the Road

ways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of leading from Fofion Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, Middlesex, and for ameuding the Road leading from to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham.

Vox* 31. 3 L Ordered,

1

22a 16° Martii. A. \‘l6'l.

Ordered, That Mr. IF free ft do tarry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

White Cross A Bill to repair and widen the Road from Beverle Fross,to Town of Bridlington, in 1 he Fall Hiding R(»d!y Bte County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. 1 Facett, Mr. Southwell, Mr. 7 'horotoMr. Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Noel, Mr. Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Darker, Mr. Fonncredit, Mr. PreJcotf.Mr.

Mr. Whately, Sir jarrit Smith, Mr. Mr. Kynufton, Mr. Keck, Sir Armine WMr. Fuller, Mr. I)e Grey, Lord Garlics, Mr. I»nl Mr.

binj'on, Mr. Howard, Sir Anthony A Inly, Mr. Lcrcis, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Onslow, Sir. Parker, Sir William Baker, Mr. Coutts, Mr. I.ovkhart, Mr. Smith, Mr. Drake, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Scudamore-, and all the Members who lone for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Nottingham, and

Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five vf lite Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Layton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-

y O *cj -J

Inc oiure num a^c Grounds, and Sand Hills, called Layton Flaiccs, within the Manor of I.ay ton, in the Handies of Boulton and Bifpham,in the County Palatine of e after, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Wade Grounds, and Sand Hills, called Layton Hawes, w it hi a the Manor of Layton, in the Handles of and Bifpham, in the County Palatine of

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

r

Duke of An iiigrctffed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Queei'f- for confirming a Contract of Lease of Mines between borouoh’fc/iarles Duke of Queenfftorough and Dover, of the one ea ,n£‘ Part, and Patrick CnmfurdJames Crawfurd, and 67/-

hert MeaJ'on,of the other Part, and for enabling the said . Duke, anil his Heirs of Entail, to grant Ixafcs in Terms of the said Contract, was read a Second Time.

R<foiled, That the Bill he committed to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Lord Frederick

Campbell, Mr. PreJ’colt, Mr. Morton, Mr. Air.

Edmonstone, Mr. Pratt, Sir IV, AIr. Pa-

terfon, SwAlexander GilAll*. Shiffher, Mr.

Mr. La fcelles, Lord Gar lies, Mr. Lord Strange,

Lord Moun tfeuart, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Walter, Afr.

Tmvn/hend, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Meyrick, Air.

Air. Gilbert, Lord Frederick Cave nilish, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Bqffet, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Air. foil,

Al r. Bindley; and all the Alembers who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

llenfingham A Billfor dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, Iiclolure. within the Alauor of Henjingham, in the County of Cumberland, was read a Second Time.

Befolced, That the Bill be committed to Air. John Bobhifon, Sir Waller BUicket, Mr. Air. Bur-

rell, Mr. Ru/hout, Mr. Harris, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Buller, Mr Gilbert, Mr. Shiffher, Sir Samuel Air. GaJ'coyne, Mr. KynajloMr Mr. Bind-

ley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Townshend, Air.

Air. Seymour, Mr. De Gn u, Mr. Air. Fuller,

Air. Coventnj, Mr. Burgoyne, Mr. Amcolts, Mr. Morton,

Sir James Da/hxnod, Mr. Sir John Major, Sir

Roger Next digate, Sir Anthony Abdy, Air, Cul-

vert, Mr. Rajfdcigh, Mr. Morgan, Sir John Air. Coutts, Sir John Delaval, Air. , Sir William Meredith, Mr. H hat city, Sir John Sebright, Mr. Vane, Mr. Tuckfidd, Sir Edward Air. Drake, Air.

Shiffher-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cumberland,

M

Durham, T.aneaftrr, and York: And limy are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common, Distington within the Manor of Djlingfon,in the County of Cum- bicloture, bcrland,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That- the Bill he committed to Air. John Bobinfov, Mr. Noel, Mr Burrell, Mr. Townshend, Air.

Fuller, Mr. Morton, Sir Charles Mr.

reau, Mr. Fitzmaurice , Mr. jenhinf"it, Mr Alr-

Whatcly, Mr. KunaJon, Mr. ShiffheMr. 117/'son. Air. Coventry, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Ru/hout, Mr. Gilbert, ;i Roger Newdiga/c, Air. dwlmley.Sir Charles Feeder dr.

Sir George Armilage, Mr. Waller, Sir Walter ekC,

Mr. Buller, Mr. Ward, Sir John DelaSir Charles Hardu, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Morant, Mr. -b its, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Hayes, Sir II illiam M, Mr leech All'.Edmonstone; and all the Members v.-’n > fi r . jbr t;\u Counties of Cumberland, Westmorland. N

J.uncojfcr, York, and Durham: And they are to nv. this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber

A Petition of Thirty-four Sufferers, thereunto sub- Eft* feribed, Prisoners for Debt, in the Common Goal for CoumyGaoL the County of Esse.r, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Difirels: and praying Belief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Robert Ladbrooke reported from the Committee, City of to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, London; and Commons, of the City of in Common ^lic

Council assembled, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in’his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

By an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from in the City of London,to the oppofileSide in the County of Surrey,which was read, the Lord Alayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, were empowered to build the said Bridge: to make, enlarge, or improve. Streets,"Ways, and Passages, on each Side of the said River, to and from the said Bridge; to till up the Channel of Bridewell Doc!:-, and to light and watch the said Bridge?, when built; and also to take certain Tolls for the Passage thereof, and upon the Credit of such Tolls to raise £. 160,000.

Air. William Montagu (Clerk to the Chamberlain of London) being examined, said. That the said Common Council have proceeded to carry the said Act into Execution, and for that Purpose have borrowed the Sum of £.144,000 in Part of the said Sum of £.160,000 and have contributed of their own Monies £.16,200; Part of which Two Sums, viz. £. 41,921. 5 s. they inverted in the public Funds, and by the Dividends thereof have made a Profit of £. 6,120, and, by the advanced Price of Stocks £.6,060. 17 s.:That by the Sale of old Ala-terials they have made £.449. 18s. and, by the temporary Rents of some Premiles purchased, £. 209. 12*.

(id.; so that their Total Receipt, to the 5th July lull, was£, 173,040. 7. 6.

And their Disbursements (as appears' by the Account hereunto annexed, N° 1, which was delivered and 140,595 19 10^ proved by the said Air. Montag ") \ amounted to----- J

So that the Balance in hand, on the? ,3

said 5th of July, was - - - -3 3 *

Which Sum, together with what they then expected

farther

7 Geo. III.

16° Martii.

443

farther to receive, by Dividends, Sale of old Materials, and Rents, amounting to £. 645. 5.?. (and not to £.695. 5.V. as mentioned in the Petition by Mistake) will make their Balance in Hand £.33,089. 12.s-.7fd.

Mr. Robert Mylne, Surveyor to the said Bridge, being examined, said, That the future Disbursements for completing the laid Bridge, together with the neeefiary Purchases for opening a Communication with the fame, when built, will amount to £.91,589. 12 7 fd.as

appears by the' Eftiniate annexed, N" 2, which he delivered in, and declared to be a jull Estimate.

From which Sum, deducting the said? - . 3

Balance of -J33,oS9* 7*

The Sum wanting to complete the NeWl

Bridge and its Avenues (exclusive of >58,500 — — Roads) will amount to - - - -J

Mr. Peter Roberts, Comptroller of the Bridgehouse Lands, being examined, said. That London Bridge is subject to a prescriptive Toll upon Carriages passing, coming to, or going out of the said City, loaden with (roods or Provisions; which Toll is appropriated to the Support of the said Bridge, and is at this Time let out upon a Leal’e for 21 Years, from 1765, at

the yearly Rent of £. 735. and a Fine of£. 2,100.

And the said Mr Montagu,being further examined,

said, That he had made a Calculation of the Sum neeeffary for redeeming the said Toll (which Calculation he delivered in to your Committee, and is hereunto . annexed) N° 3.

And the said Mr. Mylne,being furtherexamined, said. That the Passage over London Bridge is sometimes ob-

# o o

ltrufted by Disputes about the said Toll, and was more so while the Toll thereof, under the late Act of Parliament, fubfnted, which Obstructions would beTenTimes greater, upon a Bridge where the Toll extends to Foot Passengers as well as Carriages and Horses; and that he has fecn Instances of the Inconveniences of collecting the Toll upon the Temporary Bridge at Black Fryars, which occasions great Obstructions; and the Collectors have been insulted, and even knocked down, in the Execution of their Duty.

And the said Mr. Mylne, being farther examined, laid. That several Wharfs on the North Sideof the said River, between Paul's Wharf and Milford , projecting . one before another, form an irregular and disagreeable Outline, and give the Proprietors of some of them, of course, an Advantage over others.

That the reflected Set of the Tides, both of Ebb and Flood, throws the Force of the Stream upon the Surrey Shore, opposite to Black Fryars, and thereby lladkens the Current upon the London Side, which, together with the Sewers that empty themselves into the RiVer in that Neighbourhood, occasions a constant Accumulation of Sand, Mud, and Rubbish, and thereby destroys great Part of the Navigation at Low Water, and renders the Wharfs inaccessible by the loaded Craft even at High Water; that this might in great Measure be remedied by embanking that Part of the River, which would be of no Detriment to the Navigation thereof) as it would only occupy a Place that is now filled with Still Water; and although it will advance the Fronts of the Wharfs to that Part of the Stream which has some Degree of Motion, yet it will not increase the Rapidity of the River in any Part of it, mea-furing aero Is the River at that Place, but the Mouths of the Sewers being advanced along with the Wharfs, they will empty themselves in a Part of the Stream, whole Rapidity w ill hinder fu'ch Matter from being accumulated as heretofore, and will diffuse it more generally throughout the River; that the Expence of the said embanking will amount to £.7,511. 14*. for which Sum the Witness said he w ould undertake to do it; that his Method of doing it would be, to begin at each End of the intended Embankment, and to fill up VOL. 31.

the vacant Space, and as that advaheed, to build the Wharf Wall.

Mr. William Robinson, Surveyor to the Trustees of the Grc/hamEstate, being examined, said, That the

Royal Exchange was erected soon after the Fire of London in 1666; that he has lately examined into the State and Condition of the Building, and finds it in very bad Repair; that the Timbers are all decayed, and have been obliged to belhored up for many Years; that. the Estimate he has made of the Expence of an effectual and substantial Repair, amounts to £. 10,020.

Mr. Can me, Clerk to the Mercers Company, being

examined, said. That the present State of the Revenues appropriated for Support of the Royal Exchange are greatly diminished, so as by no means to afford such a Sum as£. 10,000. to be laid out upon it.

Mr. Ford, Clerk of the Gaol Delivery, being examined, said. That the Gaol of is the County

Gaol for London and Middlefand may be looked upon as the Gaol of the whole Kingdom, in re'pest to Smugglers, State Prisoners, and Pirates, and for Debto: -to the Crown.

Mr. Aker man. Keeper of Newgale, being examined, said. That there is no Area or Yard in the said Gaol for Prisoners to walk in; that the whole is very irregularly built; that the Air has no free Passage through any Part, except over the Gateway; that there is no Room or Place for Water, most of the Water being obliged to be pumped from a Reservoir in Newgate Street-, that the Consequence thereof is very bad, and produces the Gaol Distemper; that there are more Prisoners in Proportion lick now than formerly used to be; that the Common Side for Debtors and the Men and Women Felons is so dark, that they are obliged to use Links, Lamps, or Candles all the Year round; and the Witness remembers, some Years ago, at the Old , Two of the Judges, the Lord Mayor, and several of the Jury, to the Number of Sixty Perl'ons or upwards, died of the Gaol Distemper; that he has had near Two Sets of Servants died since he has been Keeper, and moll of them from the Gaol Distemper; that the Neighbours frequently complain in warm Weather of {he Air draw n from the said Gaol by the Ventilator; and that the Walls of the Prison are so bad and thin, that the Prisoners are not secure.

The said Mr. Mylne being again examined, said. That the said Gaol is so old and ruinous, that it is not capable of any Improvement or tolerable Repair; and that the Expence of rebuilding the said Gaol on a more extended Plan, with the necessary Purchases to be made, Additions to the present Sessions House, and all other incidental Expences, will amount to £. 50,000.

Then an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors of the City of London, was read, whereby it appeared, that towards raising a perpetual Fund to pay the Interest of the Money then due to the Orphans and other Creditors of the said City, all and every the City’s Estates and Revenues were changed for ever with the clear annual Sum of £. 8,000, the Rents and Profits of the said City’s Aquaedufts, the Sum of £. 2,000, to be annually raised upon the personal Estates of the several Inhabitants wfithin the said City and Liberties, the Sum of 2 6 d.

to be paid upon the binding of every Apprentice within the said City, and 5 s.by every Person admitted a Freeman thereof, were appropriated to the said Fund, as also a Duty of 4s. per Ton upon all Sorts of Wine imported into the Port of the said City, or Members thereof, by way of Merchandize, a Duty of 4 d. fors Metage for every Chaldron of Coals or Culm imported into the said Port or River of Thames within the Liberty of the said City to be sold, and from the 29th Day of September 1700, for and during the Term of 50 Years, a further Duty of 6d. for every Chaldron or Ton of Coals or Culm so imported.

And

City of London? Public . Build :ngSi

224 ' 16’ Martii. A. 1767.

And then an Act made in the 21st Year of his late fllblic Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Relief buildings, nf the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of Aon-c. don, was read, whereby it appears that the said Duty of

Six Pence per Chaldron or Ton of Coals or Culm was further continued during a Term of 35 Years, from the Expiration of the said Term of 50 Years, and out of the Monies arising by the said Impofttiou, the yearly Siuu of £. 3,000 was directed to be paid to the Mercers Company, during the said 'Perm of 35 Years, and the Surpluses of the said several Impositions were directed to be applied to dilbharge the Principal.

1 The laid Mr. William , being again examined, said, That the said Surplufes have lien applied accordingly, so that the Debt remaining due at Mid-

summer last amounted to £.610,084. 6s. that the future Surplufes being eltimated by the net Medium of the last Vive Years, to wit, at £.35,138. 18s. 6d. the whole Debt now due to the Orphans and others might, by the Application of those Surplufes, be discharged by Lady Day 1803.

And the said Witness further said, That if the said Fund was continued to Michaelmas 1831, it would,with the Addition of £. 1,500 per Annum, be fufiicieut to discharge the Principal and li)fereft,not o;tly of the prefen t Debt, but also of a further Sum of 300,000.

And the said Mr. Mylnc, being again examined, said, That when the Toll upon the new Bridge is taken oft’, there will be no Fund for defraying the Expences of lighting, watching, eleanling, and repairing the fa me.

APPENDIX.

N° 1. Account of Disbursements on the New Bridge Account, to the Fifth of July 1766.

Paid Artificers Bills -

Paid Salaries and Gratuities

Paid incidental Expences -

Paid for the Purchase of Houses and Grounds

Paid for Interest of the £. 144,000

105,456 9 9$

3,389 4 —

2,446 8 8

9A43 17 5 20,160-----

140,595 19 io£

Balance in Hand, confiding of Cash in the Chamber of London - - 2,044 7 74

Imprefts to Artificers..... - 4,000-----

£.30,000 consolidated 3 per Cent. Annuities, valued at £.88 per Cent. - 26,400 — . —

----- 3^.444 7 74

The Total, being the Money received - - £.173,040 7 6

N° 2. Estimate of Works necessary to complete the New Bridge, Sic.

£. s. d.

Artificers Bills, relative to the Bridge itself 47,300-----

Accidental and unforeseen Expences relating thereto ----- 3,000-----

Framing Bridewell Dock and the Bridge Yard into a proper Approach to the Bridge - - 1,680-----

Erecting and repairing the temporary Foot Bridge ----- 1,300 — —

Arching and filling up the remaining Part of Fleet Ditch - - - 1,850-----

Erecting or fitting up a public Privy at each Corner of the Bridge, with Wharf Walls to support the same 400 — —

Purchases; viz.

Of the Ferry at Black Friars, &c. ----- 12,500-----

Of Heufes and Ground on the London Side, to form the Street leading

to the Bridge, with some Cross Communications - 7,300 — —

Of Houses and Grounds on the Surrey Side, to form a proper Opening

to the Bridge - -- - <- - - 1,500-----

..... ----- 21,300 — —

Interest on the£. 144,000 to Mid/ummer 1767 - -- -- - 5,760-----

Salaries to Chrijmas 1770, when the Works will be completed ----- 2,272-----

Incidental Expences, Gratuities, Rewards, Act of Parliament, fife. fife, about - - - 6,727 12 7$

£.91,589 i2 7 4

N° 3. A Calculation to shew what Sum will be wanting to purchase the Tolls on London Bridge.

The gross Produce of the Toll upon London Bridge, for Four Years last pafl; viz. from Mictfummtr 1762 to Mid/ummer 1766 ——

1763

1764

1765

1766

1,785 10 5

1,946 4 1

1,846 17 4

1,878 16 6

£ 7.457 8 4

One

North

Anfton

and

Todwick

Inclosure.

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bills.

7 Geo. III. i6° Martii. 225

One Fifth Part of whidi is taken at the Medium - - - - 7 - i, Sb4 7 r

Which Tolls were let on a Lease of 21 Years from Midsummer 1765, at a Kent of £. 735 per Ann. and a Fine of £.2,100, now proposed to he redeemed at Midsummer 1771 From the gross Medium as above, deduct for Land Tax paid by the Lessees - 180 12 — 7

And for Expences of collecting, & c - - -.....150 — -j 0J

V)23 l5 1

Also Rent paid to the Bridge House Estate.....735-----

And the Balance will be the Lessee's net Profit..... - £. 798 15 1

Though the Leflfpe’s present Intpreft is a clear annual Income of £*798 15. 1. yet his future Interestcannot be estimated as equal to an Annuity of that Value, because his Time, Trouble and Attendance lh'ould be valued at something, and likewise as he knew at The Time of taking his Lease, a Bridge was building at Black Fryaj's, and that when the said Bridge should be opened for Carriages to pass over, whether free or not, it was reafohable to expect the Toll on London Bridge would be lelTened, Suppose on opening Black Friars Bridge the said Tolls should be lessened one Sixth Part, which on the gross Medium of £. 1,864. 7. 1. will amount to £.321. 9. This Sum being deducted from the Lessee’s net Profit of £.798. 15. 1. as above, and the Le(Tee's equitable Right will be a clear annual Income of £.477. 6. 1. but in order to give the Advantage to the Lenee, his Interest in the said Toll may be estimated at £.500 per Annum, which for

15 Years to come, is worth in present Money, at per cent.....£.5,559 3 —

The Rent of ^.735 payable to the Bridge House Estate for 15 Y'ears, from Midsummer 1771,

will be worth in like Manner.....- - -8,172-----

And the City's Reversionary Interest in the Tolls, after the Expiration of the 15 Years (the Tolls being estimated at £.885 per Annum, which is£. 150 per Annum more than the present Lease, but equal to a Fine of £.2,100 every 21 Years) is worth - 16,710 5 — ,

£.24,882 5. r

£.30,341 8 —

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Sevennight, the 26th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Commons, Moor, or Waste Grounds, within the Manors of North Anson and Todzcick, in the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person, whose Estate in the said Manor or Lordship of North Anson, having Right of Common on the Lands intended to be inclosed, is of the Value of £, 20 per Annum, or thereabouts, who, being applied to, refilled to sign the Bill; and that the whole Value of the Estates, in the said Manors and* Lordships, having Right of Common on the Lands proposed to be in-doled, is upwards of £ 500 per Annum ;) and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Y'ear One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, was committi d, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Yot. 31

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. John Robinson presented to the House, accord- Kendall ing to Order, a Bill for inclosing a Piece of Waste Ground I>oor*

in the Borough and Township of Kirkby, in Kendal, for the Benefit of the Poor; and for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the said Town: Aud the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

rear

Canifle

Road.

Mr. John Robinson presented to the Iloufc, according ShaddonGate to Order, ‘a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Shad don Gates, near Carlisle, to the present Turnpike Road at Mulafde\ and from a Place in the said Turnpike Road, between ’Binjey Mires and North Raw Gate, to join the Turnpike Road at Skilbedk, in the County of Cumberland: And the same was received; and read the Firil Time.

R(solved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Meflhgc from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire, that this House will give Leave The Lords to Peter Burrell, Esquice, a Member of this House, to delire leave attend their Lordships on Tuesday next, in order to his Mt^rb^r so being examined upon the Petition of Henry Seymour, attclKl uum. Esquire, and John Amyatt, to proceed in a Suit in tin*

Court of Chancery, against the Duke of Bolton, notwithstanding any Privilege the said Duke is intituled unto as a Lord of Parliament.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That Peter Burrell, Esquire, a Member of this House, have Leave to go to the Lords, as dofirt-d by their Lordships, in the said Message, if he thinks fit.

And the Messengers were again called in, and Mr,

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

The Lord Clare, from the Commissioners for Trade Eflirra‘cs and Plantations, presented to the House, by I vis Ma- *c-

jesty’s Command,. ‘ EiSSi,

, 3 M Llnmate

2 2b 16° MartH 1767.

Estimatp of the Clvdrgc of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majdiv’s Colony of A 'ova Scotia, lor the Year 1767: And all'o,

An Aeeomit of Expences incurved for the Service of 1 lis Maj.ltv’s Colony of Si ova Scotia, in the Year 1760, and not provided for by thirliament: And all'o,

Estimate of the Civil Ellablilliment of I lis Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expc-nces attending the lame, from the 24th of June 17 to the 24th at June 1767; And also,

Ultimate of the Civil Kilahlishment of His Majesty’s Province of Eatl Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the lame, from the 24th June 1 766 to 24th June 171*7: And all'o,

Fiiimutc of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s

Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expen-

ses attending the fame, from the 24th of June 171*6 to the 24th of June 1767: And also,

Estimate of tlte Expence attending General Surveys of His .\1 a jolty's Dominions in North America, for tin; Year 1767: And also,

Estimate of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the new Government of Scmgambia,on that Part of the Coast Of Africa situate between tl/e Port of Sailee in Smith JSarbarj/ and Cape Bo age, for the Year 1 767.

And the Titles of the said EstimateS and Account were read

The laid Eltimates and Account are as followeth;

tv*.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establiflunent of His Nftyefty's Colony

of Nava Scotia, for the Year 1767

To an additional Salary to the Governor - - - - -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice -

To the Salary of the Attorney General ....

To the Salary of the Secretary, for himself and Clerks - , - - *-

To the Salary of the Naval Officer -

To the Salary of the Register - - -.....-

To the Salary of the Surveyor and Deputy Surveyor of Lands, and for Other ContingcntEx-petices attending that Establishment -

To the Salaries of a Secretary and Messenger to the Council -

To the Hire of a House, and other contingent Expences attending the Secretary’s Office

To a Salary to the Treasurer -

To a Salary to the Agent for the Affairs of the Province -

To sundry Stipends and Allowances for House Rent to the Ministers and Schoolmasters in the different Districts of the Province -

To an Allowance for Fire Wood for the Use of the Governor’s House and Public Offices

To the Expence of the Pilot Boat -

To the Expence of the Orphan House -

To ah Allowance for sundry Establiihmeivts at Lunenburgh -

To an Allowance for contingent Expences

5°o-----

GOO-----

100 — — -262 10 — 182 10 — 182 10 —

3*i 15 — 96 1* -

fy 2 6 --


200 —

340 -

288 15 — 203 I —

384 1 5

202 3 —

1,000-----

4,866 3 5

An ACCOUNT of Expences incurred for the Service of His Majesty’s Colony' of Nova Scotia in the

Year 1760, and not provided for by Parliament.

To the Balance of an Account due to Benjamin Guerrish, late a Commissary for carrying on s-

Commerce with the Indians in Nova Scotia, allowed and certified by a Committee of the Counsel of the said Province, specially appointed to examine and audit the said Account, and approved by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’sTreasury - - - r £ 691 8 —

16° Mar til

7 Qbo.III.

227

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expence* attending the lame, from the 24th of June 1766 to the 24th of June 1767.

To the Salary of the Governor *.*-'-'*

To the Salary of the Chief Justice - - - -

To the Salary of the Secretary -

To the Salary of the Clerk of the Assembly.

-To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lauds . -

To the Salary of tire Receiver Gener al of Quit Rents -

To the Salary of the Attorney General

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal -

To an Allowance for a Mmilter of the Church of England, and Two Schoolmasters

To the Salary of the Agent for the Affairs of the Colony -

To an Allowance to the Pilot Rationed at the Mouth of River, with a Boat and

fqfiieient Hands - -

To an Allowance for contingent Expences -

To a Continuation of the Provisions made by the late Trustees for pyrchafing from the Grow ers, the Balls or Cocoons of raw Silk, as an Encouragement to the Growth and Culture of it

£ * d. 1,000 — — _ 500 — —

100 — — 20 — — -150 — —

too-----

150-----

too-----

116-----

200 — —

50-----

500 -

1,000 -


3,986 —

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East , and other incidental

Expenses attending the f#me> from the 24th of June 1766 to the 24th of 1767.

To the Salary of . the Governor in Chief -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice

To The Salary of the Attpmey General -To the Salary of, the Secretary and Clerk of the Council Tp the Salary of the Register

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands.

To an Allowance for an Aftistant

To-the Salary of the Agent - -

Tp aJMinister at Saint AuguJlijie -To.aMinister at Saint Mark's -To a Scliopimaster at each of the above Places, £. 25 each To an Allowance for a Pilot established at Saint Xo.an_AlIowance for unforeseen contingent Expences To an Allowance for the Purchase of a proper AfTortment of Goods for Presents to the Indians

£ d.

1,200 -

COO-----

15°-----

150-----

100 — —

120 -- — '

30-----

4oo — — 100 — — loo — —

50-----

50-----

1,000 -

1,000 -

4>75°-----

ESTI MATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Province and other incidental

Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1766 to the 24th of 1767.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice - - - - - -

To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council -

To the Stdary of the Register ——

To the Surveyor of Lands ——

To an Allowance to an Assistant - -- --....

To the Salary of the Agent ——

To the Salary of a Minister at Pensacola -

To the Salary of a Minister at Mobile -

To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, at £. 25 each.

To the Salary of the Provoll Marshal -

To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences -

Jo an Allowance for the Purcfyafe of a proper AfTortment of Goods for Presents to the Indians

1,200

;500

i<o

150

So

120

3°

200

IOO

100

5°

too

1,000

1,000

s. d.

4,800 — - —

Vol. 31.

East India Company.

Mailing

Heath

&c.

Road*

228

16° Martii

A. 1757.

ESTIMATE of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America,

for the Year 1767.

To an Allowance for a Deputy Surveyor of Lands at Quebec, during the Time the Chief Surveyor is emploj’ed in making Surveys in other Parts of the Northern District To Two Assistant Surveyors, to be employed in the General Survey, at 7 s. per Day each To One Draftl’man, at 5 s. per Day

To an additional Pay of 1 s.8 d. per Day to One Serjeant, 1 s. per Day to One Corporal, and 6d. per Day to Twelve Private Men, to assist in such Survey, and to serve as Camp Colour, and Chain Men, and to make Signals along Shore, and on the Tops of Mountains

To extraordinary Expences for Horses, Guides, He.....-

To the like Expences and Allowances for the Survey of the Southern District -

To an Allowance upon Account, for Fees to be paid upon the Orders for the Receipt, and

upon the Issue of the Monies granted upon this Estimate -....

£. s. - d.

100-----

254 10 —

91 5 —

*55 2 ’ —

100 ——

700 17 —

200 -

1,601 14 —

ESTIM ATE of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the new Government of Senegambia, on that Pgrt of the Coast of Africa, situate between the Port of Sallee in South Bar-harp and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1767.

To a Salary to the Governor ——

To a Salary to the Chief Justice....

To a Salary to the Superinlendant of Trade at James Fort, in the River Gambia To a Salary to the Secretary to the Province ..

To an Allowance to Two Ministers ——

To an Allowance for a Schoolmatter at Saint Lewis -

To a Salary to the Secretary for Moorish Affairs -

To an Allowance for Repair of Forts, and other contingent Expences -

To the Expence of an armed Sloop, to be employed under the Command of the Governor

To a Salary to an Agent for the Affairs of the Province....


£ * 1,200 —

400-----

200----- r

200-----

200-----

50-----

100-----

2.000 ----- r

1.000 -

200-----

5>r>5°-----

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That George Dudley, Esquire, do, upon Friday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, who are appointed to inquire into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

Ordered, That Thomas Rous, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time,

Ordered, That Theophilus Dorrington, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Robert James, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Isaac Warren, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the tune Time.

Mr. Befi reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill ibr repairing and widening the Road from the Brick Kilns, on East Mailing Heath, to the Turnpike Road on Panbury Green;and from Bridges, to

tlieFour Waits,near Mat field Green, in the County of

Kent; was committed; That the Committee had exalte

mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Onee read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for giving further Time to His Ma- Militia, jesty’s Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, Clerks of the Peace, and ot hers, for carrying into Execution certain Parts of an Act passed in the last SeC-flop of Parliament, intituled, An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for d$-fraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Mi-, litia, of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1766; and for explaining, amending, and rendering more efiec-

Googh

Turnpike Roads; Amending Laws.

London; Fin(bury New Street.

Pembroke

Elediqn.

Ditto.

7~Geo. III. i6° Martii.$29

tual, several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Second, Fonrth, and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the railing and training the Militia, within that Part, of Great Britain called;

and for indemnifying such Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, Clerks of the Peace, and others, who have neglected to carry into Execution such Parts of the said Act; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for giving further Time to His Majesty’s Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices and Clerks of the Peace, and others, for carrying into Execution certain Parts of an Act passed in the last Session, for Pay and Clothing of the Militia; and for indemnifying such Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, and Clerks of the Peace, and others, who have neglected to carry such Parts of the said Act into Execution.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and dciire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws for the Amendment and Prel’ervation of the Turnpike lloads of this Kingdom: Ami the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Merchant,s. Traders, and others, residing within, or conllantly rel’orting to, the City of London, whose Names are thereunto fubl'cribed, was referred, be revived.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate, upon the Motion made upon last, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon that Day Three Weeks, the Matter of the Complaint made to this House, that, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, Matthias Davids, Clerk, Colby, Clerk,

and Alexander Thomas, Gentleman, had brought Actions of Trespass on the same against John Merrick, Esquire, late High Sheriff of the County of Pembroke, for refilling their Votes at the late Election for a Knight of the Shire to l’erve in this present Parliament for the said County; and that Albany Wallace, Samuel Cooper, Attorneys at Law, and Thomas Watson, Clerk in the Exchequer, acted as Attorneys in the said Actions.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the Matter of the said Complaint be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Monday the 30th Day of March next;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave.out " Thirtieth," and insert " Sixth " instead thereof; and to leave out " March," and insert " April"instead thereof:

And the Question being put, that the Word " Thirtieth " stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, that the Word " Sixth" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, that the Word " "

stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, that the Word " "

be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, thus amended, being put;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Complaint be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Monday the 6th Day of April next.

The House being informed, that Matthias Davids, Vol. 31.

Clerk, one of the Persons mentioned in the said Complaint, has difbontinued the said Action of Trespass;

Ordered, That the said Complaint, so far as the same relates to the said Matthias Davids, be not proceeded upon.

Ordered, That William Colby, Clerk, do attend this House upon this Day Three Weeks, the 6th Day of April next.

Ordered, That Alexander Thomas, Gentleman, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Albany W,allace do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Samuel Cooper do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Thomas Watson do attend this House, at the same Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Laud Tax. upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Way* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Mean*, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to’ consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Militia Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the 4Pd whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge Clothing, of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Two Books, containing Copies of several Charters of Bast India Letters Patent, granted to the East India Company, Company, from the first Establishment thereof, in the Year i6oif down to the Year 1766.

And the Titles of the said Books were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the Supply Bill; House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Land Tax. House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, For the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Cl aide to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year 1765, out of the Supplies granted for the Year *767-

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

3 N Mr.

230 16* — 170 j A. 1767,

Mr. Palerfoii took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Patcrjbn reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

Earl and The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Ac); to St^thmore’s ena^e John Bozves, Earl of Strathmore and Name, and Mary Eleanor Bozves, Countess of Strathmore and Kinghorne, his Wife, the Daughter and only Child George Bozves, Esquire, deceased, to take and use the Surname of Bozves Only, pursuant to his Will, and the Settlement executed previous to the Marriage of the said Earl and Countess; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That General Lambton have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ditto. And the said ingrossed Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

MarttSf 170 Martii;

Anno 7* Georgii III111 Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

Tenterden, \ Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading &c. from the Turnpike Road, in the Town of Ten-

Road. terden, to and over Bull Green, and to and through the Town of Great Chart, to a House, known by the Sign of the Castle, at the Entrance of the Town of in

the County of Kent; and also the Road leading from ' ! Bull Green aforesaid, to Heath.-, and also the

‘ Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid, through High Halden, to Dashmanden, in the Parish of Biddenden, in

the said County of Kent.; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Knight, Mr. Upton, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. neux. Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Montagu, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Lord Orzcell, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Wynn, Lord Grey, Mr. Mr. Darker, Mr.

Paterson, Sir Anthony Abdy, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fuller, Sir William Maynard, Lord Catherlough, Sir Ellis Cunliff'e, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Bond, Mr. Sulivan, Mr.

Sir Roger Nezvdigate, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Mr.

Praed, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Whitworth; and all the Members who ierve for the Counties of Kent, Suffix, Surrey, Middlesex, Essex, and Southampton; and for die Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Rotherham Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom

H ^ciiff ^>et*t‘on of the Trustees nominated and appointed in

Road. ' and by an Act of Parliament, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Rotherham, to Hartcliffe Hill, in the Parish of in the County

N and of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders,

Farmers, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, living and re*' siding in the several Towns and Places adjoining or near to the said Road, and travelling in and tiling the fame, whose Names respectively arc thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to putin Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late- Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Rotherham to IIartcliffe Hill, in the Parish of Penniston, in the County of York, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, living and residing within the Several Townships and Parishes of Kimberworth,

Wortley, Huv/helf, and several other Townships and Parishes adjoining, or lying near, to the said Road, leading from Rotherham to I I artel iffic , in the Parish

of Penniston, in the said County of York; were so-severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the lame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Whiidt'y, Clerk and Treasurer to the said

Trustees, being examined, said. That there is 1,000 now owing upon the Creel it of the said Act, and that the Money borrowed and collected has been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Art. And,

Mr. Sam forthJYroe, a Surveyor of Turnpike Roads,

being examined, said, That he knows the Road from Rotherham to Ilartcliffe Ilill, that feme Part of it is in a bad Condition; that the present Tolls are not sufficient to pay the Interest of the Money due, and keep the Road in Repair; and that the Act is in several Respects deficient to unfwer the Purposes thereby intended.

That if the Road was put in Repair, more Carriages and Travellers would make ufc of it, as it is the nearest Road between Rotherham and and that at

present they go either by Wor Sheffield, and that to go by Wentworth is Four Miles about, and by Sheffield, Ten Miles; and, by going either of those Roads, they pay more 'Foil than they will do on this Road, if the Tolls are double to what they are at present.

And the Witness said, that he had lurveyed the Road, and he produced to your Committee, a Calculation of the Expence of repairing and keeping in Repair the fame; by which it appears that it will take^f.1,407. 1 os. to repair the fame, and that the Money necessary to be borrowed for that Purpose, including the present Debt, will amount to the Sum of £.2,600.

£. s. d.

That to pay the Interest thereof, at 4,7

per Cent, will amount yearly to - 117-----

The Annual Expence of Collectors, Treasurer, Sc.- - - - 25 — - —

And the Repairs, with the Statute Duty 80 -

Total Disbursements - - - - 222-----

Total Revenue the Road would raise - 280-----

So that there will be an Annual Surplus of £ 58-----

And being alked if he would undertake the Repairs of the Road according to the Calculation lie had made, he said, he would engage to do it for that Sum.

And he further said, that Land Carriage is cheaper on this Road than on any Road in England.

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition,

Mr. George Walker,being examined, said, That the Trustees have not laid out above £. 5. these Fifteen Years, upon the Road; that it has been kept in Repair by the Townships through which it leads; that the Town-

ship

Liverpool New Churches.

Langton

and

Woodall

lndofure.

Distressed

Debtors.

7 Geo. III. 170 Martiu231

ffiip of Kimberworth, has done Six Days Statute Work, Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

and contributed Six Pence in the Pound, Nine Tenths Table, or Four Fifths of which has been laid out upon the

Turnpike Road; and that, that Part of the Road that Mr. Gilbert reported front the Committee, to whom Highways; lies in the said Township is pretty good; that Carriages the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act Amending going to and from the Iron Works, which travel only of Parliament, the several Laws now in being for the ^aws* from 150 to 500 Yards on the Turnpike Road, pay Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways Toll; that he thinks it is not probable to make the of this Kingdom, was committed, That the Committee Road a good one, and if it was so, it would be difficult had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-to keep it in Repair by the proposed Toll, except the ments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-Collierics are obliged to pay, which will be a great port to the House; and he read the Report in his Hardship to the Manufacturers: that bethinks the Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the proposed Toll not a sufficient Security for People to Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lend Money upon: And, upon being aiked the Qucf- Report was read.

tion, he said, that the Payment of the present Tolls may Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments, be be, and he believes are, evaded. ' printed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an The House being informed, that Mr. Roote, Accomp- Account; Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his taut to the Society of the Free British Fiffiery, attended British late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- ^ifliery. from Doncaster,through the Parish of Pennijton,in the fented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an

County of York, to Sailer's Brook, in the County of A ft of Parliament,

Chrjler; and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said An Account of Receipts and Disbursements, by the County of York, to JIartcliffe Hill,in the said Parish of Society of the Free British Fishery, from the 31st of

Pennijton, so far as relates to the Road from Rotherham, December 1765 to the 31st of December 1766. to Uartcliff 'e Hill;and that Mr. Lascelles, Sir William And then he withdrew'.

Maynard, and Sir George Armytage,do prepare, and And the Title of the said Account W-as read, bring in, the fame. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers The said Account is preferred amongst the other

franted by an Act of the Second Year of the Reign of Papers of this Session.

lis present Majesty, for eroding and buildingTvvo new Churches, and providing Burial Places, in the Town haccording to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lan- Committee of the whole House, to w'hom the Bill for Land Tax-caster, was read the Third Time. granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be'

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title raised in Great Britain, for the Sendee of the Year One be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-seven, was com-by an Act of the Second Year of the Reign of His mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had present Majesty, for erecting and Building Two new made to the Billwhich they had directed him to report Churches, and providing Burial Places in the Town and to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. and afterwardsdelivered the Bill, with the Amendments*

Ordered, That Sir Ellis Cun liste do carry the Bill in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments w'ere to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Once read throughout; and then a'Second Time, One

by One > and, upon tlieQuestian fed erally put thereupon,

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable were agreed to by the House.

Fields, Moors, and Commons, in the Parishes o f Lang-Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ton, and Woodall, in the County of Lincoln, was read a ingrossed. , f; 1

Second Time. .!

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Lord Broun- Mr presented to the House, according to Codbeck

low Bert/e, Mr. Knight, Sir William'Beauchamp Proctor, Order, a Bill for making navigable a Brook, called Navigation.

Mr. Darker, Sir Charles Farnaby, Mr. Clive, Mr. Fitz- Cpdbcck, frtom the River Swale to the Borough of lierbert, Mr. Pen ton. Sir Charles. KemysTynte, Mr. Thirsk, in 'the County of York: And the same was Parker, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Bootle, Mr. LdJceRes, Mr. received;, and read the First Time.

Wynn, Mr. Cornwall, Mr . Coutls, Mr.. Afunlagu,\Ir. Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

' Cater aft. Lord Orwell, Mn Gray*, Mr. Mjilyiieux, Mr.

Clive, Lord Grey, Mr. Grey, Mr. -Bertie, Sir Willicchi OrdThat such a Number of-Copies of a Charter, Bast India Maynard, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Roger New'digate, Mr. or Letters Patent of an Indenture Tripartite, between Company. Gilbert, Mr. Pracd, Mr. Bast'et, Sir Charles Mardauut, her late Majesty Queen Anne, of the First Part, and the Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Siilivan, Mr. Pdterjon, Sir , Governor and Company of Merchants of trad-

Thotnas Cave, Mr. West, Mr. Smith, Mr. Harris; and -ing into the of the Second Part, and the

all the Members whoserve for the Counties of Lincoln, Company, trading to Third

York, Nottingham, Northampton, and Norfolk: And Part, dated the 2 2d Day oijidy 1702 (a Copy of which they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, Charter, or Letters. Patent, is contained in One of the in the Speaker’s Chamber. Books Yesterday presented to the House, by Mr. Cooper),

be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the A Petition of the several Prisoners in His Majesty’s Members of the House.

Prison of the Xing's Bench;for Non-payment of Fines,

and Misdemeanors, Debtors to the Crown, as well in Mr. Secretary Conway presented to the House, by Anj"y^u Behalf of themselves and all others confined for the His Majesty’s Command, Co ,<s‘

like. Caules. in the other Prisons within this Kingdom; Copy of Mr. Secretary Conway's Circular Letter to as also for and in Beltalf of those who are fled Abroad, His Majesty’s Governors in America, Saint James's, 31

the Delinquents to the Crown in, of, or belonging to March 1766: And also,

the Isle of Man, and those who live in Peril at Home, Copy of the Duke of Richmond’s Circular Letter to on account of Transgrcffions against the Peace of this D°, 1 oth July 1766: And also.

Kingdom; was presented to the House, and read; Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Shelburne, to Sir

Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief. Henry M,9th August 1766: And also. Vox.. 31. Copy

232

170 Martii.

A. 1767.

Copy of a Letter frt>in the Earl of Shelburne, to Governor Bernard, 13th September 1766: And also, Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Bull, to Mr. Secretary Comoay,dated Charles Town, 9th May 1766: Received 30th JuneAnd also.

Copy of a Letter from Governor Sir Henry Moore, to Mr. Secretary Comoay, dated New York, 27th May x 766: Received, 6th July: And also.

Copy of a Letter from D® to D°, dated New York, 20th June 1766 — KandC — Received 25th July, inclosing. Sir Henry Moore's Speech with Council and General Alterably of New York, 12th June 1766.

Copy of Governor Sir Henry Moore's Message to the General Afi'embly of New York, on the 17th of November 1766 — R.

Address of the General Assembly of York to Sir Henry Moore — R —

Extra® of a Letter from Governor Franklin, to the Earl of Shelburne, dated Burlington in New Jersey, December 18th 1766: Received 4th February 1767, inclosing.

An A®, &c.

Extra® of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the

Earl of Shelburne, dated Boston, 6th December 1766: Council’s Address, in Answer to Sir Henry Moore's Received 9th February 1767: And also,

Speech the 12th June 1766. Copy of a Letter from Deputy Governor to

Address of the House of Afi’embly of New York, D°, dated Annapolis, Maryland, 9th December 1766: June 16th, 1766. Received 13th February: And also.

Copies of Sir Henry Moore's Two Messages to Extract ofa Letter from Lieutenant Governor Cohlen,

the House of Afi'embly of New York, and the toD®, dated New York, 26th December 1766: Received

18th February: And also,

Extra® of a Letter from Major General Gage, toD®, dated New York, 17th January 1767: (N® 3) R — Received 18th February, inclosing,

Return of His Majesty’s Forces quartered in the Provincial Barracks in the Province of New York.

Copy, An Act to furnish the Barracks, in the Cities of New York and Albany, with Firewood, Candles, and the other Necessaries therein mentioned, for His Majesty’s Troops — Received October 6, 1766.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Kingston to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Hull upon the Bill for making Docks and other Conveniences Docks, for the Use and Accommodation of Ships, lengthening

Answers — R.

Extra® of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Col-den, to Mr. Secretary Conway, dated New York, 24th June 1766: Received 25th July: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Governor Franklin, to Mr.

Secretary Conway, d&tediPerth Amboy, 19th June 1766:

Received 25th July: And also.

Extra® of a Letter from Governor Bernard, to Mr.

Secretary Conway, dated Boston, June 29, 1766: Received 2d August: And also,

Extra® of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Fauquier, to Mr. Secretary Conway, dated Williamsburgh,

Virginia, June 27th 1766: Received iqth August: And also.

Extra® of a Letter from Major General Gage, to Mr. Secretary Conway, New York, 15th July 1766:

Received 15th August: And. also.

Copy of a Letter from Governor Ward, to Mr. Secretary Conway, dated New Port, Rhode Island, 25th JuAe x 766: Received 26th August t And also.

Extra® of a Letter from Governor Bernard to Mr.

Secretary Conway, dated Boston, 19th Jicty 1766, with the South-end J etty, erefcting Dol phins and other Works.

Two Inclosures: Received 3d SeptemberAnd also. Extra®, of a Letter from Major General Gage, to the Duke of Richmond, (dated New York, 25 th August 1766. — -R. Received 29th September ': A^d also,

Copy of a Letter from Governor Pitkin, to'Mr. Se-citetary Conway, dated HartfordConnecticut, 4 th August

1766: Received 3d October: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Governor Grant, to Mr. Sc-cfetary Conway, dated Saint Augujlinc, East Florida, 21 ft AuguJl 1766: Received 24th October: And also.

Copy of a Letter from Govemor Tryon to Mr. Sc-cretary Conway, dated Brunswick, North Carolina, ad August, 1766: Received 4th November, inclosing,

in the Haven and Port of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty to those Uses, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-niglit, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a High Price Committee of the whole House, to consider further of of the present high Price of Provisions. Provisions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Address of the Borough of Wilmington, to Gover- Mr, Speaker refunded the Chair.

nor Tryon; with his Answer.

Mayor and Gentlemen of Wilmington, to Governor Tryon , with his Answer.

Copy of a Letter from Horatio SUarpe, Esquire, Deputy Governor of Maryland, to Mr. Secretary Conoum/, dated Annapolis, 27th June 1766c Received 7th November: And also.

Copy Of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the Earl of Shelburne, dated Boston, 14th November 1766: Received 29th December, inclosing,

The Speech of the Governor of Bay,

October 29th 1766.

The Answer of the House, November 12th.

The Speech of the Governor, November 13th. Copy of a Bill for granting Compensation to the Sufferers, &c.

Extra® of a Letter from Governor Ward, to the Earl of Shelburne, dated New Port, Rhode Island, November 6th, 1766: Received 21st January 1767: And also.

Extra® of a Letter from Sir Henry Moore, to the Earl of Shelburne,dated New York, 19th December 1766:

Received 4th February 1767, inclosing.

: Mr. Onjlozv reported from the Committee, That they had tirade a further Pragrefe in the Matter to them referred: And that he was dire®ed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Provisions.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- High Price night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of -Com.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.


Geo. III. i8° Martii, 233

Mercuriij 180 Martii;

Anno 7* Georgii III" Regis, 1767. Prayers.

Bfop A N ingrossed Bill for dividing, inqlosing, and draitl-A ing, a Parcel of Waite Ground, or Common, &c. called Bishop Soil, in the several Parishes of

and Eafrington, and in the Parish, or Parochial Chapelry, of Black to//,in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, a Parcel of Waite Ground, or Common, called Bishop Soil, in the several Pari Hies of Howtien and Eafrington, and in the Parish, or Parochial Chapelry, of Blackto/t, in the East Riding of the County of

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Edinburgh Mr. Contfs reported from the Committee, to whom Streets, the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town

Council of the City of Edinburgh, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re-. port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Hugh Buchan, being examined, said, That the City of v' Edinburgh is, by Reason of the narrow and confined Avenues leading to the principal Street thereof, rendered of difficult Access, and particularly from the North.

Then an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for erecting several public Buildings in the City of Edinburgh, and for other Purposes (which by Mistake is mentioned in the Petition to have passed in the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty) was read. And,

Mr. Hugh Buchan, being further examined, said. That, in pursuance of the said Act, large Sums of Money have been expended in purchasing Houses and building a Bridge, for opening an easy Communication from , and to the said City, and particularly to certain Grounds

towards the North; and mull be put to a further Expence in executing the Plan of a new Town; and that the opening the said Communication will not only be conducive to the Health and Conveniency of the Inhabitants, but of great Benefit to Trade and Commerce.

And the Witness gave it as his Opinion, That, if the . Royalty is not extended over the Grounds aforesaid, it , might induce the greatest Part of the Inhabitants to re-

tire to the New Town, from a View of being relieved from public Taxes, whereby the present City and its < remaining Inhabitants mull greatly fuller.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh over certain adjoining Imids, and for giving Powers to the Magistrates of Edinburgh, for the Benefit of the said City: And that Mr. Couth and Mr do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

a , Tyburn Sir William Beauchamp reported from the

and Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of b>l*r*dge the Town of Uxbridge,in the County of was

® 031 referred; Thatthe Committee had examined the Mat-

ter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Wetherley, being examined, said^That the Road

leading through the said Town of to the Edge

Y'ol. 31.

of the County of Backs, is about Half a Mile ifi Length, which has been used to be repaired by the Inhabitants t of the said Town at a large Expence, the Statute Duty being very insufficient for that Purpose; that the whole Roads to be repaired by the said Inhabitants contain about One Mile and an Half; but the said Town being burthened with a numerous Poor, which are increasing and are maintained at a large Expence, makes it im-possible to keep the said Roads in good and sufficient Repair: That if the said Road, leading through the said Town to the Edge of the County of Bucks, wa3 put under the Management of the Trufiees for repairing the Road from Tyburn to U, it would be a great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Town.

William Mellish, Esquire, confirmed the above Evi-

dence.

Ordered, That it be an Induction to the Gentlemen; who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, Three Acts for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex; and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath, through the Parillies of Hanwell, New Brentford, artd Ealing, to the Great Western Road in the said County; and for lighting, watching, and watering, the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits; that they do make Provision in the said Bill for repairing the Highway, leading through the Town of Uxbridge, to the Edge of the County of Bucks.

Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to Rotherham Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging and|._ the Powers, of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of '

the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Doncajier, through the Parish of Pen if on, in the County of York, to Salter’s Brook, in the County of Chefer; and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of York,to Hill, in the said Parish of Penifon, so far as relates to the Road from Rotherham to Hartcliff'Hill: And the same was received; and read the Firli lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a'Second Time.

A Petition of the Right Reverend John Lord Bishop itching of Winchester, was presented to the House, and read; River Setting foFtJi, That the Petitioner did, on the 9th Day Navigation-of March Instant, petition this House, praying, that, in the Bill depending in the House, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the 16th and 17th Years of King Charles the Second, for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise pafiable, for Boats,

Barges, and other Veil'ds, so far as the same relates to the River Itching, running from through

JVinchcJlci'j to the Sea, near Southampton, and for better regulating the said Navigation; Provision might be made for granting to the Petitioner Relief in the Premises contained in his said Petition; and that the Petitioner hath been lince advised, that it will be necessary and proper for him to be heard, by Counsel, at the said Committee, on the Matter contained in the said Petition: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, on the Matter contained in '

his said Petition, or have l'uch other Relief as to the House Ilia!) seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by hi*

Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his said former Petition, if lie thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Hezvett reported from the Committee, totvhom Carlton the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Inclosure. Meadows, and Hinted Failures, in the Parish of Carlton

3 O in

Nun Monckton ' Jaclosure.

Queen Norough

Poor.

N Bishop Burton Inclosure.

OIncy

Inclosure,

Rotherhith

Church.

Spem*l A(h# Ire. Road*

Ruddm^ton

Inclosure.

Lenton

and

Radford

Inclosure.

Wixford

&c.

Inclosure.

234

18' Martii.

A. 1767.

w Lindrick, in the County of Nottingham, Was Com- A Petition of the PrisonerS confined for Debt in the BiflrefM nutted, That the Committee had examined the Alle- Jt/ar/Afir^a Prison.waspresented to the House, and read; I>ebtor$. gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief, that the Parties concerned had given their Cdnferit td Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; dud that 'Table, the Committee had gone through the Bill* and made

several Amendments thereunto; which they had di- An ingossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty sUDt>iv b-h. rented him to report to the House; and he read the by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Laud Tax.’ Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, Service of the Year One thousand. Seven hundred and with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Sixty-seven, was read the Third Time, the Amendments were Once read throughout; and Refolded, That the Bill do pass j And that the Title then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the be. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Question severally put thereupon, several of them Were Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain^ for the Ser-disagreedto, and the rest were agreed to, by the House $ vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and

made, by the House, Sixty-seven.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

and several Amendments were to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed;

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu arid Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, within the Manor and Town-ship of Nun Monckton, in the West Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better and more effectual Maintenance and Relief of the Poor, of the Borough and Parish of Queenborough, in the County of Kent, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of South Burton, otherwise Bishop Burton, in the East Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Olney,in the County of Bucks, without any Amend-

ment: And also,

Tire Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, of the Third of King George the First, and the Eleventh of his late Majesty, for enabling the Parishioners of Saint Mary, in the County of Surrey, by certain Funeral Rates therein mentioned, to finish the said Parish Church; and for purchasing an additional Burial Ground, and to enable them to raise Money for purchasing the prefeiit Par-fonage House, and converting the Site thereof into a Burial Ground, and for providing a new Parsonage House, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road, from Ash,

in the County of Warwick, through to a Street

A Bill to explain and amend an Act made in the frefemtlo* Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- o{ tuled. An Act for the more effectual Preservation of Fish in Fish Ponds, and other Waters, and Conies in Warrens, and for preventing the Damage done to Sea Banks, within the County of Lincoln, by the breeding Conies therein; so far as relates to the taking and destroying of Fish; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Richard Bampfylde, Lord Strange, Mr. ker, Mr. Smith, Mr. Darker, Sir GeArmitage, Mr.

-Paterson, Mr. Robinson, Mr. OnfloMr. Cooper, Mr. Barrow, Mr. BurreU, Mr. Gray, Mr. Drake, Mr. Plummer, Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Walter, Lord Clare, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Pfaed, Mr. , Mr.

ler, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bull, Mr. Coutts,

Mr. Upton, Mr. Fit&herbert, Mr Sir Jarrit

Smith, Mr. Sulivan, Mr Burke, Mr. Rice, Lord George

Cavendish, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Bindley,

Admiral Frankland ;And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and all who come are to hat e Voices,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Supply BH; the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, 1 by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The House being informed that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for inclosing a Piece of Waste Ground, in the Borough and Township of Kirkby in Kendal, for the Benefit of the Poor; and for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the said Town; which Bill was presented to the House upon

Kendal

Poor.

callcl Digbdh, in the Town of Birmingham, without |act a,(, rea(1 t‘lie First Time, and ordered to

rmtr A *n£ni/lrr»£inr d rid oil A ,19

be read a Second Timej

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport af the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, also by His Ma-

any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Opefi Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Liberties of Rudding in the County of Nottingham, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows,

Common Pastures, aild Commonable Lands, lying , . , -T1 r - , ij:c

South of the Turnpike Road leading from Nottingham acquamted the House, that Hw

to Aifretm,within the Liberties and Townships of Ms*#" h*ing been informed of the Purport of the

Lenton and Radford, in the County of Nottingham,

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlets or Townships of Wixford, Exhall, Kings Broom, and Burnells Broom, in the County of Wamiek, without any Amendment.

And then the Mellen'gers withdrew.

Bill for dividing and inclosing the - Open Common, within the Manor of Dislington,in the County of Cumberland; which Bill was, upon Monday lait, read a Second Time, and committed; gives His Conient, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, also by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the Bill

for

V

7 Geo. III.

18’ — if

*35

for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons* Within Mr. Cooper also acquainted the House, that he wa§. the Manor ofin the County of Cumberland; directed by the Committee to move, that they may which Bill was, upon Monday last, read a Second Time* have Leave to lit again.

and committed; gives his Consent,. as far as His Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

clo therein as they shall think fit.

Account; Priming the Journals*

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to l lis Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole r ..... House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of

Resolved, That an humble Addreis be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleated to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums ’of Money, which have been issued,

by His Majesty’s Orders, to Jeremiah Dyfon, Esquire, the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part df pursuant to Addresses of this House, towards defraying Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning die Expence of printing the Journals of this House; the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven together with the Account of the Expenditure of such hundred and Sixty-seven;

Money. Ordered, That it be an Instruttion to the said Com-.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His mittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of His Clauses, for the more effectually punishing Serjeants, Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council. Drumihers, and Fifers, for Misbehvaiour and Desertion;

and for taking up and bringing Dfeferters to the Militia ay* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Regiments; and also to explain and amend so much tod Mean*, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of an Act passed last Session of Parliament, intituled, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session Supply granted to His Majesty; of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom* Clothing of the Militia, of that Part of Great Britaining next, resolve itself into the said Committee. called England, {ox One Year, beginning the 25th Day -

of March 1766; and for explaining, amending, and Supply. *The Order of the Day being read, for the House rendering more effcctual, several Acts of Parliament, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, in the Second, Fourth, and Fifth Years of the

Pav and

fa;

Com-

T*hat

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Ellimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establiftunent of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1767, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Expence? incurred for the Service of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, in the Year r 760, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establiftunent of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental ExpenCes attending the fame, from the 24th of June 3766 to the 24th of June 1767, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establifti-ment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and 9ther incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th June 1766 to 24th June 1767 be referred to

the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of Wefi Florida, and upon the Importation of Cod and Ling, from Christmas

Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the raising and training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England, as relates to’ inlisting Militia Men into His Majesty’s other Forces.

Then the House resolved itself into the said mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr, Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to 'receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller have Leave to make a Account j Motion, it being after Four of the Clock. Cod,

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this HoUfe, an Account of the Nett Duties, which have been received

other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1766 to the 24th of 1767, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ellimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in Nort/i America, for the Year 1767, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establiftunent of the New Government of Senegambia on that Part of the Coall of Africa, situate between the Port of Sallee in South Barbary and Cape Roug, for the Year 1767, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

M r. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mi*. Copper reported from the Committee, that they fiad come to several Resolutions; which they had di-re^’ed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 31.

1759 to C/irifmas 1766; distiflguishing each Year.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy190 die Martii Anno 7* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

MR. Lafcclles prefehted to the House, according Ouze Order, a Bill for making navigable the River Navigation. Ouze, from below Widdington Ings, at or near Linton, to the Junction of the Rivers Swale and Ure; and for making navigable the said River Swale, from the ’said 1 Junction, to Morton Bridge;and also the Brook running from Bedale, to the River Swale, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An

i36 i9° Marti*. A. 1767.

North An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several thd Parishes o and in the West

and fields. Commons, Moor, or Walle Grounds, Riding of the County of York, without any Amend-

Todwick within the Manors of North Anson and Todtoick, in ment: And also,

Inclosure. the County of York, was read the Third Time. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Leigh

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, Act for inclosing, allotting, and dividing, the Com-An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, mons, and Waste Grounds, Open Common Field, and Commons, Moor,or Waste Ground,within the Manors Open Common Meadow Grounds, in the Manor of

of North Anston and Todtoick, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. L do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Starkif’s Sir Ellis Cunlijfereported from the Committee to

Estates. whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Devilees for Life, named in the Will of Pierce Stahkie, Esquire, deceased, and Trustees, to

edt down and fell Timber, upon the Freehold and Copyhold or Cjfiftomary Estates, late of the said Pierce Stdrkie, in the Counties of York and Lancaster, and to grant Leases of the Quarries, Mines, and Minerals, within the FreehoId Estates late of the said Pierce Starkie, in the same Counties, and to inveit the Monies arising therefrom, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will, was committed, That thfc Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Ellis Cunliffe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Bromley A Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re-®nd pair, the Road leading from the High Road between arRoadi.U° Bromley and Furnborou^h,in the County of Kent, to beggars Buff, in the Turnpike Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of , was read a Second 'Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Sackville, Mr. Penton, Mr. Howard, Mr. Knight, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Coventry, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Brudenell, Colonel Mr. Fuller,

Colonel Calcraft, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Lascelles, Mr.

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Cormoall, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. , Mr.

Delaval, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Reynold'!, Mr. Bertie, Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Mr. Bagot, Sir Robert

Ladbrol:c, NLr. Sharpe, Sir HyndeCotton, Sir Roger Neicdiga*e, Mr. Coutts; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, and Suffer; and for the Cinque Ports: And they arc to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Edinburgh Mr. Coutts presented to the House, according to Streets. Order, a Bill for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh over certain adjoining Lands, and for giving Powers to the Magistrates of Edinburgh, for the Benefit of the said City: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

East India Ordered, That Mr. George do, Tomorrow

Company. Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, who are appointed to inquire into the State and Condition of the; East India Company.

Ordered, That Captain John Staples do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

Adiingfleet The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Drainage, for draining and preserving certain Low Grounds, in 18

The Leigh, in the Parish of A/hen Keynes, in the County of Wilts,without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitided. An Wymondtm*, Act for continuing the Term of several Acts for repairing the Road between Wymondhamand Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk;and for amending the Road from the End of the Town Close, in the County of the City of Nortcich, to the Chalk Pits,near in

the said County of Norfolk: without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Thoroton reported from the Committee, to whom Granthai* the Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and &c*

Powers of ft> much of an Act, made in the Thirty- 04

secondYear of the Reign of his late Majesty the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and from Chappel Bar, neat the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge,in the Town of Derby,

and from the Guide Poji, in the Parilli of Lenlon, to Saioley Ferry-, as relates to the Road leading from Grantham to NotlinghamTrent Bridge;and for repairing and

widening the Road from Bingham, to the East End of a Lane, leading from Lowdham to and from the East End of RadcliffeField, to Ferry, in the County of Nottingham; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gdtie through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once, read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feveraHy put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, alter, and amend, an Bratton

Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading Comer from between the Second and! bird Mile Stones, ont.he *d' Turnpike Road, between the Town and County of Poole, and WinbornMinfer, in the County of

to Bratton Corner, in the County of and for

repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road in Brian/ton,to or near a House called Fontle-

roy's Farm House, in the County of ;was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, alter, and amend, an Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from between the Second and Third Mile Stones, on the Turnpike Road, between the Town and County, of Poole, and 1Yinborn Minfer, in the County of to Bratton Corner, in the county of ; and for

repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road in Brianfon,to or near a I louse called Fontlcroy's

Farm llouj'e, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Murage House, that he had a Meftage from His Majesty to from ,hc this House, signed by His Majesty: And he presented pri'nn/fj3 the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Matilda'* Speaker, all the Members of the House being unco- Mmriage. vered; and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE

Message from the King;

Settling Annuities on the Dukes of York, Glouceticr, and Ctunbeiland.

Supply.

7 Geo.'Ill* to6 Marti$37

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, in His Speech, at the Opening of this Session, acquainted His Parliament with the Solemnization of the Marriage between the King of Denmark and His Majesty’s Sifter, the Princel's Caroline Matilda; and His Majesty having agreed to give His Sifter a Portion of Forty thousand Pounds, promises Himself,irom the dutiful and afle&ionate Afl'urances of His Faithful Commons, in their Address, at the Clofe of the Jaft Session, the Concurrence and Aflillance of this House, hi enabling His Majesty to perform such Agreement.

R.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That His Majesty’s

Most Gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee-of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to

His Majesty.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that he had a Message from His Majesty to this Iloule, ligned by His Majesty: And he presented the same to the House j and it was read by Mr. Speaker, all the Members of the House being uncovered; and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

H is Majesty having, at the Close of the last Session of Parliament, signified to this House, His Intention of recommending to their Consideration the making of some proper Provision for the honourable Support and Maintenance of his dearly beloved Brothers, the Dukes of York, GLntaftrr, and Cumberland j and having the re-

upon received the Assurance of His faithful Commons, that they would readily and chearfully take the same into their Consideration whenever His Majesty should please to recommend it; and being persuaded that this House will think it reasonable that foine more competent Provision should be made for the honourable Support and Maintenance of His Majesty’s Brothers, than the pro font necessary Charges upon the Civil List have permitted His Majesty to make for that Purpose, as well as that such Provision may be secured to them in such Manner as has been usually done with respect to the several Branches of the Royal Family, is desirous that an Annuity of Eight thousand Pounds per Annum be settled upon each of His Three Brothers, during their relpettive Lives; and His Majesty recommends the Coulideration thereof to this House.

R.

Resolved, Nemine contradicentcThat this House will,

upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to take His Majesty’s most gracious Message into Coulideration.

dred, and Eighty-six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of;

and other incidental Expences attending the fame,froni the 24th Day of June 1766 to the 24th Day of June 1767.

Resolved, That it is the*Opinion of this Committee; That a Sum not exceeding Four thousand Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty; upon Account, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of East Floridai and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th Day of June 1766 to the 24th Day of June 1767.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand. Eight hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of West;

and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th Day of June 1766 to the 24th Day of June 1767

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand. Six hundred, and One Pounds, Fourteen Shillings be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1767.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sinn, not exceeding Five thousand. Five hundred, and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Government of Sene* gambia, for the Year 1767.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- upon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for. defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his PlaCe; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with thd Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments w ere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Militia Pay and Clothing.'

Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Mr. Prescott reported from the Committee, to whom Embargo' Committee of the whole I Ioufe, to whom it w as referred the Petition of Hagan and Co. George and on Wheat

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- peter Clifford, John Siri, and Robinson, Mer- pe£jon

jesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed chants of the City of London, in Behalf of themselves Comp«LtWv him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; aiMj their Correspondents, was referred; That the Com-and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: mittee had examined the Matter of Faa contained in

Where the same were read; and are as followeth; vis the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his That a Sum, not exceeding lour thousand. Eight hun- Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s dred, and Sixty-six Pounds, Three Shillings, and Five Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol-Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for loweth; viz.

maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of Mr. ’Godhard Hagan, the Petitioner, produced to Nova Scotia, for the Year 1767. your Committee a Letter from Pierre Jaques

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, dated at Leghorn the 18th o 1766, which he

That a Sum, not exceedingSix hundred and Ninety-one ceived the 2d of giving jiim Orders to load

Pounds, and Eight Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, Two Ships of 300 Tons Burthen with Wheat, at 42 or upon account of sundry Expences for the Service of ^s. per Quarter, on Board, on the Account of this Nova Scotia, in the Year 1760, and not provided for by Correspondent.

Parliament. _ Then Mr. Hagan produced an Account Current wdth

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, his saidCorefpondent, charginghim with a Cargo, con-That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand. Nine hun- taining 1890 Quarters of Wheat and zsoBarrels of Flour,

Vol. 31. . j P which>

Embargo on Wheat; Petition for

'Compeufatkm

338 . 19* Martii. 1767* '

which, with the several Charges thereupon, amounted depending in Parliament, he had near Twenty Ships it) £ 5,462. 13^. iorf. loading with Corn>, but did not go on with Shipping it

In Support of this Demand, the Petitioner examined, till it was determined; and at that Time he put the

Mr.----- Schotey, Partner with Mr. Thomas Far- same Clause into Charter Parties that is mentioned

rer, Corn Factor, who said, that he received in Money above, in regard to One Ship, which was done to make f?om Mr. Hagtin, for the Purchase of the said Corn and the Account clearer, and to prevent his Correspondent

Flour, the Sum of £. 4,685. 6 s. 7 d.and that he has a from being charged with Freight in case an Embargo

further Demand oil Mr. Hagan of £. 511. iif. 3 d.should happen to be laid, which he thought might pre-which Shm (being the Amount of the Bounty allowed vent Litigation; though in his own-Opinion he thinks by Law on the Exportation of the said Cargo) he had his Correspondent would have been exempted from this deduced out of the Purchase Price, in Expectation of Charge by the common Words in all Charter Parties, being paid the same by the Government, but that it was Reliraint of Princes being always excepted. And that never paid, as the Corn was re-landed in Consequence this Clause was not any Advantage to himself for that of the Proclamation for prohibiting the Exportation if he had paid the Money he Hiould have charged it to thereof. his Correspondent.

As to the remaining Sum of£.265. 1 6s.which is He then informed your Committee, that he had

wanting to make up the above gross Sum of £. 5,462. charged Commission to his Correspondent for buying j(3 s. 10 d.it is charged in Mr. Hagan’s Account for the Corn; but that he had not made any Charge of

Commission, Insurance, Interest of Money, and other Commission for felling it.

incidental Expences. And he produced to your Committee another Letter

And on the Creditor Side of the said Account, Credit from the same Correspondent, dated the 14th of Novem-ife given for £.4,900. t6s. 7 d. for the net Proceeds of her laic, wherein he fays Ire thinks it would be cruel if the Sale of the said Corn and Flour, and all’o for £.49 he should fuller by the Detention of the Ships; and for Return of the Premium of Insurance, on account that he thinks the Government ought to take the Corn of the Voyage not having been performed; so that the at the Price it colt, and reimburse all Charges thereon. Balance Hated by this Account to be loll by Mr. Hagan, Mr. Peter Clifford, another of the Petitioners, pro

js ^.512. 17 s.3 d.and not £.521. 3^. 6d.as set forth duced to your Committee an Account current of the

fti the Petition; which DilFerence Mr. Hagan said Purchase and Sale of 1,000 Quarters of Wheat shipped was owing to a Mistake hi making up the former^ on board the Friendship. Captain Melvin, wherein the Account. Colt of this Wheat is Hated at 2,492. 15 V. including

And upon further Examination of Mr. Scholey, and £. 148. 14s. 8 which is demanded by Captain Melvin by an Account delivered in by him of the Sale of the lor Demurrage, and £. 4. 4V. which is charged by Mef-Hiid Corn and Flour, it appears thatMr.//ogaH’s whole lieurs Cope and Bignell, Brokers, for their Attendance Loss, including the necessary incidental Charges of on the Lords of the Council, Sic. on account of Meterage, Lighterage, Factorage, Porterage, and other the Detention of the said Ship by the Embargo, and Particulars specified in the said Account, amount in the soliciting her Exception therefrom, whole to the said Sum of £.512. 17 s.3d. over and In Support of these Charges as to the CoH of the above what the said Cargo fold for, more than the Wheat, lie called

original Price.. Mr. James Rondeau, a Corn Factor, who said. That

Mr. Hagan then produced to your Committee Two he bought and shipped the said Corn for Mr. Clifford,

Invoices of the Corn and Flour shipped as aforesaid; and and that it colt him on board £. 2,252. 7 s. .; and he Mr. Scholey also produced a Copy of the said Invoices, said that he Hiould have charged 5 s. per Quarter more which he said was a true Account. to the Price of the Wheat, had he not expected to have

And he informed your Committee, that he had not ree nved a Bounty of 5.V.; and he produced to your charged any tiling for the Detention of the Ship, having Committee an Invoice of the said Wheat, which agreed provided in his Charter Party, that he should not pay with this Evidence. lie also said, that he fold all the any thing for Freight in case the Ship should happen to said Wheat for Mr. Clifford, and produced an Account be Hopped; and the said Charter Party was read, which of the Sale thereof, the net Produce of which amounted contains the following Agreement; "And it is mutually tc £. 2,176. 16which he said was a true Account.

" agreed, that if the said Vessel, when loaded, should InSupport of the other Two Articles of£. 148. i^d.Zd.

" be prevented by Government from failing, she Hiould and £.4. 41’. Mr. Clifford produced the relpettive Bills.

" be unloaded at the Freighter’s Expence, without any By the above Account Mr. Clifford, charges his CorFreight being charged." respondent with the following Articles, bclldes those

Mr. Hagan said. This was inserted at the Captain’s before mentioned; viz.

Desire, who said he would not be detained, which was r> ,

the Reason for inserting it. - - «-»

That at the Time he agreed to put this Clause in th© n uran , 2,300j a il/ar an. - - 34 o

Charter Party, he did not apprehend any Embargo - I I I " 1

Would be laid on Corn; and was the more confirmed p ||.'.fTfl r

in this Opinion, having heard that the Privy Council cLrtor p *t‘nS_ ’ J J J T I __________

had once met to consider of this, and had done nothing y ----- - -__________

in it. - __

That his Orders were all below the Bounty Price, *5' ° 4

and he did not think the Price would have risen so In Support of these Articles, Mr. Clifford said, that high as it did afterwards; and that he understood the he had charged the usual Commission; that the Infu-Council would leave the Law to take its Course, and ranee, he luppofes, has been made abroad; and he pro-that the Bounty would cease when Corn came to more duced to your Commitree a Letter from Mr. Durazzo, than the Bounty Price. dated at Genoa the 9th of August 1766, and received

That he was the more confirmed in this Opinion from the 26th, ordering for his Account 2,500 Quarters of what happened in the Year 1764, when Corn grew very Wheat at the current Price, in which his Correspondent dear, and many Petitions were presented to Parliament writes that he will make the Insurance; and Mr. Clifford to Hop the Exportation, when the House of Commons sent him all necessary Information for that Purpose; taking the Matter into Consideration, determined that from which he presumes the Insurance has been actual-there was no Want of Corn; and he thought the same ly made, though he has not yet received any Advice might happen now. That at the Time this Matter was of it.

Mr.

7 Geo. III. 19" Marta.

Mr. Clifford then produced another Letter from the same Correspondent, dated Genoa, December 6th 1766, wherein lie expresses his Expectation of being repaid the Demurrage. 1

And 'Mrr Rondeau being alked how long the said Ship was detained on this Account, said he could not tell exactly; but it could not be less than Two Months, and that die was cleared out the 25th Day of September lait.

Mr. Bandeau added, that Mr. Clifford had paid him his whole Demand.

In regard to 362 Quarters of Wheat flopped on board the Dispatch, Captain Agar.

Mr. Clifford produced an Account current, in which he charges Jus Correspondent for the said Wheat on board, the Sum of£. 841. 3*. 8 to which he adds.

For Bounty loft by being relanded - - - 90 10 — Commission - - - - -16165

Insurance - - - - -1310 —

Commission on D" - - * - -410-----

Policy -----56

Bills of Loading - - - 4 —

Charter Party - - - 10 —

Captain’s Demand, according to his Bill - 45 16 5

4

On the Creditor’s Side of the said Account he gives Credit for the Sum of £.944. 5 6d. as received by him

on the Sale of the said Cargo, which reduces his Loss thereon to the Sum of£. 69. 6 d.

In Support of this Charge, the Petitioner called Mr. Bondeau again, who confirmed this Account so

far as relates to the Purchase and Sale of the said Wheat, and produced his Invoice and Account of the Sales, which agreed exa£Uy With Mr. Clifford's Account; and laid that Mr. Clifford had paid him the Money. He added that the said Ship was never- cleared out, or fully loaded, lie having flopped the Loading when he thought the Embargo would fake place.

Mr. C 'liffordthen produced the Captain’s Bill for

Demurrage, amounting to £.45. x6.». ff. which he said he had not paid. And he informed your Committee, that the other Charges were precifefy the same as. the other in regard to the Wheat shipped on board Captain Melvin's Ship, this Cargo having been purchased for the same Correspondent, in consequence of the same Order, and circumstanced in every llelpeft exactly the . faihe as the other.

Mr. Clfford then informed your Committee, that he had not yet paid the Demands of either of the Captains, but should certainly have been liable to pay them if the Indemnity Act had not passed, in which same he should have employed a Ship Broker to fee whether they were reasonable Charges, being no Judge of that himself.

Mr. JohnSiri, another of your Petitioners, produced

a Letter from Frincifco Triumphdated at the

9th Day of August 1766, wherein lie orders Mr. Siri (as he cannot purchase upon his former Order) to buy

2.000 Quarters of Wheat at 38 s. he having engaged to deliver a Cargo of EnglifnCorn with the greatest Expedition, to provide 1,000 or 1,500 Quarters of Red Wheat when it is not much dearer than the said Limits, or lor his bell Advantage, and to freight a good Ship to transport the fame.

He then produced an Account, wherein he charges

1.000 Quarters of the said Wheat on board, at 2,480 iar. 6d. and on the Credit Side of the said Account he gives Credit for the Sum of£2,584. i$s. 6d. arising from the Sale of the said Wheat.

‘ To verify the Account, he called

Mr. Lewis Fontaine, Corti Factor, who said, he purchased and fold the said Wheat; and he produced an Account of the Purchase and Sale thereof, which agreed Vox.. 31.

with Mr. SirPsAccount; but he deducted froth the said Sum of£.2,584. 15 s. 6d.the following Charges;

Porterage out of the Ship, Screening; 8fc. - 14 5 6 Lighterage and Demurrage - - - -2516

Factorage - - - - -25 16

64 8 6

which reduced the net Proceeds of the Sale to £.2,520. 7 s. od.

And he informed your Committee, that the same was a true Account; that he had received the Money from Mr. Siri, and that his Account was exactly the Price he paid for the Corn, without deducting the Bounty; and that the Sales were all made between the 3d and 28th of November inclusive, Mr. Siri, in the said Account, charged the following Articles, besides those above mentioned; viz.

Bills of Loading, Charter Party, Sc. -

Commission of Purchase, at 2 per Cent. - 49 12 6

Porterage out of the Ship in Lighters,

Screening, Metage, Lighterage, De-murarge, Factorr.ge - - - 64 8 6

Return of £. 2,400 Insurance, at %per Cent. 12-----

Commission of the Insurance, at 12 - — —

Brokerage of £.2,281. Bills drawn - - 6 —

D* of £.2,218. 13-r. 3 if. remitted - - 2 4 —

To my Attorney, forconfulting him several

times - - 7 3

To Cope and Bignal, for their Attendance - 4 4 —

Postage of Letters.....-410 —

Commission of the Sale, at 2 per Cent. - - 51 13 9

Interest for Three Months - - - 29 6 9

Expences of Captain Duncan, in Part of which I paid lum.,£. 89. nr. od. - - 145 — —

£38° .8 9

Which Charges, except the said Sum of £.64. 8s. 6d. are not included in Mr. Fountain's Account.

Being examined to some of the said Charges, he said. That he never insured the Ship, not being able to do it at the Price he was confined to; but he takes for granted his Correspondent did make it elsewhere.

That he consulted with his Attorhey what was to be done in relation to the Embargo, who drew him a Petition, and attended with it on some of the Ministry.

That in regard to Postage of Letters, he said he wrote twice a Week, and had double Postage; and that the Postage of the Charter Party cost him going, and 5-r. coming; and that he did not write about any other Business in these Letters.

That he charged Commission on the Sale, because he had loll a great deal of Time, and had much Trouble.

That as to Captain Duncan's Charge, the Captain is gone abroad; and it was made upon him by Sir. Arnold. who had a Letter of Attorney for that Purpose.

And he informed your Committee, that this Demand has been referred to Arbitration; and produced an Award of the Arbitrators, whereby they order him to pay to Captain Duncan the Sum of £. 89. x is, in full of all Demands; with a Proviso, that if any Money shall be received from the Government on account of the Freight, it shall be the Property of the said Captain Duncan.

And it appeared by a Receipt on the Back of the said Award, that Mr. Siri has paid the said Sum of £.89, ,ny. od.

Mr. William Bobinfon, another of the Petitioners, produced to your Committee a Letter from Donati Orjt and Figly, dated at Fbrence the 28th of June 1766, ordering him to purchase 800 or 1000 Quarters of Wheat for their Account on the cheapest Terms, to insure the Whole, and to draw for the Money at Leghorn,

Embargo ota Wheatj Petition for

CWnpeniit&m.

*40

*9'

20° Mar tit.

A. 1767.

mhargo c,* Wh^atf Fc':U®n for

CompentetSot*

He then produced an Account of the Purchase and Sale ofaCargo of Wheat by the Captain

Pelting, wherein he charges the Wheat on board, at ,£.1,285. 13. 0.5 and on the Credit Side of the said Account he gives Credit for the Proceeds of the Sale of tlje said Wheat for - .- . - 1*243 *7 ®

By Mats and Bavins - 33 —

And he said, that His Men were on board from the 16th of September to the 24th of November, being in Hopes every Day of getting Leave from the Council to fail.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon flie Table.

Which makes the Balance for Loss this Cargo

1-1M7

ou

223 9 7

To make out this Balance lie charges the following Articles:

Mr. Cormcallpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Trustees of the feuin, to exchange, fell, or dispose of, any Duplicates of printed Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiosities; and for laying otit the Money arising by such Sale, in £. 1,470 10 1 the Purchase of other Things that may be wanting in,

or proper for, the said fytufeum: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJblved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

British

Museum.

To my Commission, at per Cent. -To Premium of Insurance - -

lo Policy of Insurance - -

To my CotftmilRon on D*

To Bills of Loading and Charter Party To Interest of £. 1,285, for 3 Months, at 5 per Cent. ..

To Metage on Re-sale - -

To Factorage on Re-sale -To Lighterage, Porterage, Screening, Sc. of Refale

To Messieurs Cope and Bignal, for their Trouble and Attendance on this Affair

2:

6 10 —

7 5 6

6 jo —

— 146

- 16 1 —

1

12

t

1

*3

1

6

- 22 13 6

4 4 —

To Expence of my Ship Leghorn Galleij, from 16 September to 14 , being

59 Days, at 30 s. per Day (the Demurrage

in Charter Party is 50) - - - - 88

96 7

10 —

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac- East India deptance of the Surrender of the Charters of the Go- Company, vernor and Company of Merchants of London trading to the East Indies, to her Majesty Queen Anne, dated, the 7th Day of May, in the Eighth Year of her Reign,

(which Acceptance is contained in one of the Books which was presented to the House upon Tuesday last by Mr. Cooper) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the 'Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 20° die Martii;

Anno 7* Georgii IIItu Regis, 1767.

Cm

fail

£ 184 17 1 Prayer*.

In Support of the several Charges, he called

Mr. Thomas Dave fan, a Com Factor, who said, he bought and sold all the said Wheat for Mr.;

and he produced an Account of the several Prices on board, and his Charges thereupon, and also of the Prices for which the same was fold, which agreed with Mr. Rob inf on’s Account; this, he said, was a true Account of the real Prices of the Corn, according to the Market Prices both at buying and selling; but that he had omitted to charge, in the Account delivered to Mr. Robinfan, £.12. ijs. 6d.for Factorage on the Purchase.

That this Com was all shipped between the 16th and 19th of September last, when they ceased to put any more on board, being apprehensive of the Embargo; and that the Ship, cleared out on the 19th.

Mr. Robinfan then informed your Committee* that he thought himself as much bound to pay the said f. 12. 174. 6 d.as if it had been put into the Account.

That he made no Insurance on the Cargo, but was the Insurer himself, and was liable to pay the Money in case of any Accident, as he had Orders to make the Insurance.

That he paid for the Loading and Charter Party.

He said that he had overcharged the Interest of Money, he believed, about £.8, which he hoped would be allowed, as he should be at Charges in passing the Act, and had made no Charge for drawing and remitting.

He then produced to your Committee, a Bill from his Brokers, Messieurs Cope and Bignal, of £. 4. 4^. o for attending the Lords of the Council Sc. on account of the Detention of the said Ship by the Embargo, and soliciting her Exception therefrom.

He then produced to your Committee a Certificate, signed by several Masters of Ships, wherein they certify, that the said Ship could no.t be navigated at a less daily Expence than 32 x.

Itching

River

Navigation*

f\RDER ED, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise passable, for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, so far as the same relates to the River Itching, running from Alresford, through Winchester, to the Sea, near Southampton, and for the better regulating the said Navigation; is committed; have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition ' Sir Charles Frederick, Knight of the HnteHu&trt Bath, was prefemed to the House, and read; Setting F" forth. That the Petitioner has seen a printed Copy of a In 0 "* Bill, depending in the House, for dividing and inclosing a certain Fen, called the Haute Ilunlre, Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln; and that the said Fen conftfts of 22,009 Acres, or thereabouts, whereon certain Owners or Proprietors of Houses, Toftsteads, and Old Inclosed Lands, of Eleven several Parishes, Townships, or Places, have Right of Common; and that the Petitioner is foie Owner of the Lands lying within the Township or Village of Brothertoft, being One of the Eleven Townships or Places having Right of Common in the said Fen; and that there are within the said Township or Village, Fifty-one Cottages, or Toftsteads, belonging to the Petitioner, the Occupiers of which have all Right of Common in the said Fen; and that the Petitioner apprehends, if the Bill, as it now lland£, should pass into a Law, it would be very injurious to him, and also to several of the Occupiers of Farms and Lands within the Township or Village of Brothertoft aforesaid: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect his said Estate and

Ck


Ci

*] Geo. Ill*

io° Mar Hi.'

0+1

and that he raav have such Relief in thfe Pfemifes* as in the County of Sterling; and that the Harbour of to the House thall seem meet. ,in the Firth ,is capable to re-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ceive Ships of upwards of 500 Tons Burthen'; and a Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication, front dividing and inclosing a certain Fen, called The Haute thence, to join the said other navigable Cut, Or Canal, Hunt re. Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain is a Branch of the fame, near the Place where it will other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, h\ the fall into the River Carron, would make the Fame tmlch Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, is com- more complete, and be of great public Utility, by

making the Access from the Firth of Forth to that of Clyde much shorter; and the Petitioners are willing to make the fame, at their own Charge and Expence: And therefore praying the House to give Leave for infcrting in the said Bill such Clause, Or Clauses, a£ may be necessary for making the navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication, from the Port and Harbour of to join the other Canal, near the

Place where it will fall into the River 'Catron.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Kinghome, his Wife, the Daughter and only Child of mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it George Bowes, Esquire, deceased, to take and Use the shall appear to them to the House t Surname of Bowes only> purftiant to his Will, and the ’ ' T’

Settlement executed previous to the Marriage of the said Earl and Counters, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General

Lambton, S\r Alexander Grant, Sir John St. Aubyn, Mr. , — ... ,---

Hewett, Mr. Rujhoul, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Alexander Lowndes, Mr. Lord Percy, Mr. Cufi

mitted; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counfd, before the said Committee, upon his said Petition, if he thinks fit;

Ordered, That it be an Irtftruftion to the said Com1 tnittee, that they do admit Cottnfel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition;

Eart and An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act (trathmore'a tenable Joh n Bowes, Earl of Strathmore and Kinghornt, Kfcnc, and Mary Eleanor Rowes, Counters of Strathmore and

\u.

And it is referred to Lord Frederick Campbell, Sit Duhdas, Mr. Edmonfione, Mr.

Mr. Pownall, Mr. Shijfner, The Lord Advocate, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wedderburn,.Nlv.

Sir Charles Merdaunt, Mr, , Mr. Mrt

Lowndes, Mr. Jenkinson, Lord Mr. Mr.

Gilmour, Mt. Morgan, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Pitt, Upton, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir Walter Blackett, Ge- Mr. Burrell, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cormsiall, Mr. neral Whitmore, Mr. Drummond, Sir Thomas Cave,

Whitworth, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Montagu, Sir Anthony , Mr. John Robinson, Lord Mr. Shijfner, Mr. Bagot, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. lough, Mr. Ashbumham, Mr-. Sir Chartly

Byde, Sir Brook Brydges, Mr. Delaial, Mr. Sandys, Sir Mr. Whitworth, Sir William Meredith, Lord

Charles Frederick, Mr. Knight, Mr. Cufi, Lord Gather- Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Seymour', and all the Members lough, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Prescott, who serve for North_Britain: And they are to meet Mr. Bolton, Mr. OnfiowKLordPmy, Sir Edmund Isham,

Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Elliot', and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland,

York, Cumberland\Westmorland, and Lancaster: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’! Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records-.

CatttU

and

Clyde

Navigation.

A Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut,

Ordered, That Mr. Northeyand Mr. be added MawHW

to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and lUwfc' bring in, a Bill for enlarging the Term ana Powers granted by an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of

or Canal, from the River Clyde, at or near the City of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keep-Glasgozofm the County of Lanerk, to the River Carron, ing in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine at or near Carron Shore, in the County of Sterling, was Mile Stone, at the Upper End of Stone Street, in the

V.

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Freck-

rick Campbell, M.r.Lawrence, Mr. Dundas, Nlr.Loxvndes,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gilbert Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Clive, Sir Lawrence Dundas, Mr. Shijfner, Sir Fletcher Norton, The Lord Advocate, Mr. West, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Montagu, Lord Perry, Mr. Ross, effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the

Town of Maidstone in the County of Kent, to a certain Place, called Tubb's Lake, in the Parish of Cranbrooke,. in the said County;

Sir William BcauchampProclor presented to the House, Kenfmgtbn; according to Order, a Bill to continue, and render more

Reds.

Mr. Ryder, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Edmonfione, Mr. Pento n Mr. Robinfim, Mr. Fxdler, Mr. Pennant, Sir James Lowlher, Mr. Tufncll, Mr. Thurloxv, Mr. Burke, Mr.

Bentinek, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Byde, Sir Charles Frederick, Mr. Cufi, Lord Sir William

Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Paterson, Sir Jt)hnSt.Aubyn,yir. Darker, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sandys, Sir JoJ'eph Mawbexj, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Befi, Mr. Drummond; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Roads in the Parities o(Kensington, Chelj'ea, and Fiuham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and also Two other Acts of Parliament,

for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Fulham, through Fidhain Fields, to the great Road near the Pound at Hammcrsmith, in the said County; and for lighting, watching, and watering, the said Roads; and for paving the Street, and Highway, and Footways, from the Palace Gate to the Coach and JlorJ'es in Ken-jington, and for lighting and watching the fame, and

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all the Courts and Alleys adjoining the reto: And the fame

who come are to have Voices.

Ditto. APetition of Alexander Furl of Galloway, and the bumble Petition of John Ross Mackye, of Esquire, Archibald Hamilton of Rofehall, Esquire, Archibald Stuart of Torrence, Esquire, and Andrea;

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William BeauchampPro&or presented to the House, Bethnal according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Green Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of

Writer to the Signet, being a Quorum of the Guardians King George the Second, for making a Road from the of George James, Duke of Hamilton and Brandon, and EastSide of the Parish of Mattltezv, Bethnal Green,

of the Merchants and Traders of Borrotc/hme/s,was pre- in the County of Middlesex, to the EastEnd of Church fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Street, and to open a W ay into Shoreditch; and for repetition was lately presented to the House, for a Bill pairing, paving, and regulating Old Cock Lane, New for making a "Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Firth Cock Lane, Church Street, and the Road on the West of Clyde to the River Carron, at or near Carron. Shore, Side of the Opening into Shoreditch, and for removing Yot, 51. gQ. jXuilances

242

20* Martli. A. 1767.

Nuifanees and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the same for the future: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Carlton . An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Inclosure. t)pcn Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Pastures, in the

Parish of Carlton in Lindrick, in the County of Notting-

ham, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, empowering the Commissioners to receive Rents and Profits of Lands, where Persons neglect, to inclose:

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Questiort put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Pastures, in the Parish of Carlton in Lindriek, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Ildwe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Malting An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the &c Road> from the Brick Kilns on Mailing Heath, to

Road, the Turnpike Road on Green; and from

' Brand Bridges to the Four near Greek,

in the County of Kent-, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title 'be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road, ’from the Brick Kilns on Mailing , to the

Turnpike Road bn Pent bury Green; and from Brand Bridges to the Four Wants, near Matfield Green, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Best do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

AnfWer Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their

to Address of Wednesday lall, that His Majesty would be

Account* grbeiously pleased to order and direct, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this . House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that

His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Huggate Mr. Tvfnellreported from the Committee, to whom

Inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Parcels of Land and Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Huggate, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply Bill; Mr. Cooper,according to Order, reported from the

Exchequer. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, was committed, the Amend-'ments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That, the’ Account of the Quantity, Quality, Account*; and Species, of Wheat and Flour, of which the Bread supplied to the Ships in Ordinary of His Majesty’s Navy is made, with the Charges of manufacturing the fame, and the Produce thereof by the Quarter, itated at the Standard Weight of Wheat, in the Contracts made by the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty’s Navy, (it not being in- the Power of the said Commissioners to ascertain the Medium Weight of Wheat) and according to the Prices of such Wheat, from 32 to 54 Shillings per Quarter; distinguilliing each Article of the said Charge; be referred to the Committee who are appointed to consider an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Aftize thereof, and to pimilh Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour,

Or Bread.

Ordered, That the Account of the Medium Prices v given for Beef, Pork, and Wheat, bought at the Ports of London, Pbrtfmouth, Plymouth, Chatham, and Dover,

for victualling His Majesty’s Navy, for Twenty one Years, viz. from the iff of January 1745 to the ill of January 1766; distinguilliing each Port and each Year, also the Medium Price of each Species, for the said 21 Years, for each Port, together with the Medium Prices for the fame, for all the Ports; be referred to the said Committee.

A Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act Turnpike of Parliament, the General Laws for the Amendment and Preservation of the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert,

Lord Strange, Sir Charles MordMr. Mr. Jenning*, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Mr.

stone, Mr. Bull, Mr. I.utti’ell. Lord Clare, Mr.

ville, Sir Jefenh Maze bey, Mr. Calvert, Colonel Howe,

Mr. Burke, Lord Howe, Mr. Cufl, Sir Jarrit Smith,

Mr. Pratt, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. De Greir,

Lord Carytfort, Sir John Palmer, Sir Ar mine

Mr. Harris, Mr. Hemett, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr.

Hit-ie, Mr Willoughby, Mr. Mr.. Mr.

Parker, Mr. J)cxed<swell, Sir Matthew Lamb, Lord Verney, Lord Grey, Mr. I.afeelles, I a>u\ Coleraine, Mr.

Gray, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Mr. Lowndes,

Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Bice, Mr. Foley, Mr. Seymour,

Mr. Calvert, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lord Orwell,

Mr. Rigby, Mr. DyJ'on, Mr. Martin, Mr. Hamilton,

Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Coventry, Sir William Meredith:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That such a Number of Ctipies of a Charter East India granted by his late Majesty King George the Second, S'ompioy. dated the 8th Day of January, in the Twenty-sixth Year of his Reign, to the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, [a Copy of which Charter, is contained in One of the Books presented to the House upon Monday last by Mr. Cooper) be printed, as shall be suficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the p;tt0. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

7 Geo. III.

2o° — 23° Martii.

243

East India Company.

Ordered, That the several Copies of Charters, Treaties, Accounts, Books, and all other Papers which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the India Company, be

referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progressin the Matter to them referred j and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this llpufe will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Elliot have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ditto. Ordered, That the East India Company do lay.before

this House, a Copy of the Plan sent to them by their ' Servants in Bengal, for trading in Salt, Beetle Nut, and Tobacco, referred to in the Letter from the Directors to the Select Committee in Bengal, of the 17th May 1766.

Lun<£) 2 30 die;

Anno 7* Georgii III^ Regis, 176.7.

PR1

AYERS.

Frederick Montagu be added

ORDERED, That Mr.

to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare,

Arthinjnrorth

inclosure.

and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of divers Proprietors of Land, in the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of in the County of Northampton.

A Bill for making navigable the River from Ouse

below Widdingtonlags, at or near Linton, to the June- Navigation,

tion of the Rivers Sivale and Ure; and for making navigable the said River Swale, from the said Junction to Morton Bridge; and also the Brook running from Bedale to the River Swale, in the County of York-, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laf-ceUes, Lord Adam Gordon, Mr. Fenton, Mr.

Mr. Howard, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Montagu, Sir Lawrence

Dundas, Mr. Blackfone, Mr. Parker, Mr. Mac

Mr. Lot ondes, Mr. Heioelt, Mr. Mr. Fuller,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Vane, Mr. Mr.

naston. Lord Thomond, Mr. BurMr. Grey, Lord ... Downe, Mr. Bull, Mr. Praed, Lord Mr. Skiffner.

Sir Limiel Pilkington, Mr. PreMr. Lewis, Mr.

Lockhart, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Begot, Mr. Dyfon, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Delaval, Sir Roger Newdigate,

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of YNottingham, Lane caster, Durham, Northumberland, and

Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

Dins.

Ordered, That Mr. Morton have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly. v

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to at of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamberj and His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give who come are to have Voices.

Directions, that there be laid, before this House, the Minutes of the Council of War, and their Answer to the Letter of George Pigolt, Esquire, Governor of Madrass, previous to the Delivery up of the Town of Pondicherry to the said George Pigott, Esquire-, and

A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Rotherham Powers, of an Act, made in the Fourteenth rear of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the lload from Dovcaster, through the Parish

and HattcRff Road*

also a Copy of the Memorial presented to His Majesty of in the County of York, to Salter’s Brook,

in Council, by Admiral Cornish and other Officers who served in the East Indies, in the Expedition against Pondicherry.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of Flis Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.


Ordered, That Mr. Cooper have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Account \ Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to l&untenukce "His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give aoiaLEuoii Hireftions, that there be laid before this House, an T‘ Account of the Payments for the honourable Support and Maintenance of the several Branches of the Royal Family, charged on the Civil List, during the Reign of his late Majesty Ring George the Second, and also during the Reign of His present Majesty , distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

in the County of Cliester;and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of York, to Hitt, in the said Parish of Pen so far as relates to the Road from Rotherham to Hartcliff Hill; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laf-' cellos, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Mackivorth, Lord Brozonloio Bertie, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Lawrence Dundas, Mr. Hewelt, Lord Thomond, Mr. Weddell, Lord Downe, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Penton, Mr. Praed, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Baffett Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Paterson, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Darker, Mr.

Mr. Sliqfto, Mr. Howard, Mr. Kyncjion,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. White, Sir William Baker, Mr. Ro-binfon, Mr. Waller; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, We, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the ‘Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

te i

V-

V.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

iM

VoKS*.

Mr. Frederick Montagu presented to the House, ac- Anh nguonh cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure. Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow's, Common Pastures, and Walle Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Arthingworth,in the County of Northampton:

and the same was received-, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. 7

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edxvards and

Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

Tire Lord? have agreed to the BjU, intituled, An Act Supply Bill

for Land Tax.

244 2 j MartiL 1767-

for grauting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be r&ifed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, without any Amendment: And also,

Militia. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for giving farther Time to His Majesty’s Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, .1 ustices and Clerks of the Peace, and others, for carrying into Execution certain Parts of an Act, passed in the last Session, for Pay and Clothing of the Militia; and for indemnifying such Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, and Clerks of the Peace, and others, who have neglected to carry such Parts of the said Act into Execution.; without any Amen vnent: And also,

EaHftg The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roadt. for the more effectual repairing, widening, and rendering commodious, the Highways within the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Afiddlefex; and for lighting the Street in Old Brentford,within the said Parish, from the Turning towards Kew Bridge, to a Street called The Half Acre-, without any Amendments And also, $tonchouse The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Creek for building a Bridge crol's Creek, from Stoiie-

Bnd*e' house to Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, without any Amendment: And also,

Cubbington The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of in the County of

Warwick, without any Amendment: And also,

Benwiek, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act &c. for the more effectual draining and preserving certain Drainage. jpen Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Hamlet of Ben-wick, in the Parish of Doddington, Ramsey,

and Farcet, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Huntingdon, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Byer's Mr. Vane presented to the House, according to Or-Green der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Inclosure. Common, called Byer's Green Moor, or Common, in the Parish of Saint Andrew Aukland, in the County of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

East Mr. Hewett presented to the House, according to Bark with Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Inclosure. Common Fields and Meadows, in the Parish of

Barkivith, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Huggate The House being informed, that His Majesty’s Inte-Incbfure. rest is concerned, in the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Parcels of Land and Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Huggate, in the Ealt Riding of the County of;

which Bill was, upon Friday last, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives HisConfent, as far as His Majesty’s Interestisconcerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ditto. An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Parcels of Land and Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Huggate, in the Ealt Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Parcels of Land and Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Huggate, in the Ealt Riding of the County of York.

16

Ordered, That Mr. Tufnell do (‘arty the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. '

An mgroflferl Bill for continuing and enlarging the Grantham, Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the *c Thirty-focond Year of the Reign of his late Majesty 04 King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through Botteford and Binghanl, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and from Chappel Bar, near the Welt End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's , in

the Town of Derby, and From the Guide Post) in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry, hs relates to the Road leading from Grantham to Nottingham Trent Bridge-, and for repairing and widening the Road from Bingham, to the Ealt End Of a Larte leading front Lowdham to Bukoate, and from the Ealt End of Rad* cliffe Field to Stoake Ferry, in the County of Netting* ham s was read the Third Times Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads front Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through BoltCsford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge; and from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby; and from the Guide Post in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry; as relates to the Road leading froni Grantham to Nottingham Trent Bridge.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence

Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Ad- last India dress of Friday last, that His Majesty would be gra- CanjAny. ciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, the Minutes of the Council of War, and their Answer to the Letter of George Pigott, Esquire,

Governor of Madrass, previous to the Delivery up of the Town of Pondicherry to the said George Pigott,

Esquire; and also aCopy of the Memorial presented to His Majesty in Council, by Admiral and other Officers who served in the East Indies, in the Expedition against Pondicherry, and also, that their Address of the same Day, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House; had been presented to his Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

A Bill for making navigable a Brook, called Codbeck, Codbrck from the River Sioale, to the Borough of Thirsk, in the Navigation. County of York, was yead a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Mr. Mackye, Mr. Tufnell, Sir Thomas Cave,

Mr. Clive, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Waller, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Buller, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Howard,

Sir Charles Hardy, Lord Orwell, Mr. De Grey, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Jackson, Mr.

Mr. Weddell, Mr. Dundas, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir

Laurence Dundas, Lord Thomond, Mr. Northey, Mr.

Heioett, Lord Downe, Mr. Treasurer, Lord George Lennox, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Lord George

Sutton, Lord Granby, Lord Frederick Campbell, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Lord Robert Bertie, Sir Charles Frederick, Mr. Ross; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Lincoln, Northumberland, Cumberland, Durham, Westmorland, and Lan-

caster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Uie

mittee, to whom the Bill for making navigable the River Narig.tion. Ure, from its J unction with the River Swale, to the

Borough

biftrefled

Debtors,

Hoyal Assent to Bills.

t-

7 Geo. III.

a 3° Mar tit.

MS

Borough of Ripon, in the County of York, is com- enabling the Parishionets of ManfRotUerhilh, in mitted. the County of Surrey, by certain Funeral Rates therein

A Petition of the Prisoners confined in the Gaol at Hotfham. in the County of Sussex, on behalf of themselves, and all others unhappily detained in the several Prisons of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distrefe; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

mentioned, to finish the said Parish Church, and for purchasing an additional Burial Ground; and to enable them to raise Money for purchasing the present Par-fonage House, and converting the Scite thereof into a Burial Ground, and for providing a new Parsonage House:

An Act for the better and more effectual Maintenance and Relief of the Poor of the Borough and Parish

of Queenborottgh, in the County of Kent:

An Act for building a Bridge cross A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Mo- from Stonehouse to Plymouth Dock, in the County of

lyneux. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers,

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr.Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal AiTent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore:

An Act for giving further Time to His Majesty’s Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices and Clerks of the Peace, and others, for carrying into Execution Certain Parts of an Act passed in the last Session, for Pay and Clothing of the Milit ia; and for indemnifying such Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, and.Clerks of the Peace, and others, who have neglected to carry such Parts of the said Act into Execution:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Sacred Gate, on the South EastSide of the Town of Hedon, in the East Riding of the County of York, through the said Town, to IInil North Bridge-, and for amending the Road from the present Turnpike Bar, in Wyton Holmes, through the Town-ships of Wyton, and Sproatley, to the Guide Post in FlintonLane, near Hum bletonMoor House, in the fame

Riding:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers, granted by an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Kingjl on upon Hull,to and through the Town of and from thence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the Coun-ty of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from SpernalAJh, in the County of Warwick, through Stnd-ley, to a Street called Dig in the Town of -mingham:

An Act for the more effectual repairing,widening, and rendering commodious, the Highways within the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex; and for lighting the Street in Oid Brentford, within the said Parish, from the Turning towards Keio Bridge, to a Street called The Half Acre:

An Act for continuing the Term of several Acts for repairing the Road between Wymondham and Attlebo-i rough, in the County of Norfolk and for amending the

\ Road from the End of the Town Close, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the ChalkPits near Thctfotd,

, in the said County of Norfolk:

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Martin, within the City of Worcester:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted , by Two Acts of Parliament, of the Third of King

the First. and the Eleventh of his late Majesty, for \T ol. 31.'

Dewn:

An Act for vesting the Estate of J Lucy an Infant, in the Parish of Sherborn, in the County of Oxford, in Triiftees, to be sold; and for applying the Purchase Money for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, pursuant to the Directions of the Court of Chancery:;

An Act to enable the Devisees for Life, named in the Will of Pierce Stark ie, Esquire. deceased, and Trustees,

to cut down and fell Timber, upon the Freehold and Copyhold or Cullomary Estates, late of the said Pierce,

Star hie, in the Counties of ForA and Lancaster, and to grant Leases of the Quarries, Mines, and Minerals, within the Freehold Estates late of the said Pierce Starkie in the same Counties, and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said "Will:

An Act for annexing the Rectory of Purleigh, in the County of Essex,to the Office of Provost of the House of the Blessed Maiy the Virgin, in Oxford, commonly called Oriel College, of the Foundation of Edward the Second, of famous Memory, sometime King of England:

An Act for vesting in the Dean and Chapter of Durham, a certain Piece of Ground, adjoining to the Town of South Shields, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for making an adequate Compensation to the Curate of the Chapel of Saint Hilds, in the said County, and his Successors, for the fame; and for enabling the said Dean and Chapter to remove the Fairs and Market out of the Town of South Shields, and to cause the same to be held on the said Piece of Ground:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bibury, and Manors of Ofney, and

Bibury Northumberland, and the Hamlet or Vill of Arlington, all in the said Parish of Bibury, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Township and Liberties of CoJ'grave, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of BroumJ'zvood Green, and Kenfon Field, in the Parish of in the said

County:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Nun Monk*.on, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Olney, in the county of :

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of South Burton, otherwise Bifiop Burton, in the Fall Riding of the County of York 1

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Liberties of Ruddington, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow’s, and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlets or Townships of

3R,

24<s

Exhall, Kings Broom, and Broom, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for ^dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pafturesf, and Commonable Lands, lying South of the Turnpike Road leading from Nottingham to Alfreton, within the Liberties and Townships

of Lenton and Radford, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for the more effectual draining and preserving Certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Hamlet of Bemcick, in the Parish of Doddington, Whittlesey, Ram-fey, and Farcet, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cam-

bridge and Huntingdon:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Cubbington, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for inclosing, allotting, and dividing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, Open Common Field, and Open Common Meadow Grounds, in the Manor of the Leigh, in the Parish of Ashen Keynes, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for draining and preserving certain Low Grounds^ in the Parishes of Adlingjket and Whitgift, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act to enable Richard Bennet, Esquire, and his IlTue, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Coffin, pursuant to the Will of Richard Coffin, Esquire, de-ceafepl:

An Act to enable Thomas Willis, Esquire, (lately called Thomas Swettenham) and his IlTue, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of Willis, pursuant to the Will of Daniel Willis, Esquire, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Leonard Meyer and Lewis Giles.

A. 1767.

The House according to Order, resolved itself into Supply* a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to aRefolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have-Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to, His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That thisHouse wUl, Tomorrow, atTwelve Settling of the Clock, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole Annuities on House, to take into Consideration His Majesty’s molttl gracious Message of Thursday lait, relating to His Ma- Gloacester, jesty’s Recommendation for making feme proper Provi- and lion for the honourable Support and Maintenance of Cumberland. His Majesty' 'sBrothers, the Dukes of York, and Cumberland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

2 30 — 240 Mar tit.

East India Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before Company, this House, an Account of the several Goods, of the Growth, Product or Manufacture, of the Kingdom of Great Britain, as also of all other Goods and Merchandize, exported from the Port of London, for Account of the said Company, between the 29th of September i*l54 and the 29th September 17661 distinguishing each

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House, an Account of the several Goods, of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of Great Britain, as also of all other Goods and Merchandize, exported ' from the Port of London, to the East Indies, for Account of separate Traders, between the 29th of September 1754 and the 29th of September 1706; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Fen, called The Haute Huntre, Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain other Commonable Places

Mart is, 24* die;

Anno 70 Georgii III"*' Regis, 1767.

Pr AYERS.

MR. Cooper presented to the 1 louse, pursuant to their Add rest to His Majesty,

An Account of the Payments for the honourable Support and Maintenance of the Branches of the Royal Family charged on the Civil Lilt, during the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Payments for the honourable Support and Maintenance of the Branches of the Royal.Fa-milv, charged on the Civil Lilt, during the Reign of His present Majesty; distinguishing each Year.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County to take into Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious of Lincoln, is committed. Message of Thursday lait, relating to His Majesty’s Re-

commendation for making feme proper Provision for Supfrfy Bill; An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money the honourable Support and Maintenance of His Ma-

ExWUer byloaasor Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year jesty’s Brothers, the Dukes of York, Gloucester, and Cum-

B""* One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, was read berland.

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certainSum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the YearOne thou-' feud Seven hundred and Sixty-seven.

Accounts, Maintenance of the Royal Family.

Hme Huntre Fen Inclosure.

The said Accounts are ,preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bedford

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this pre-the Cords, and desire their Concurrence. sent Parliament for the County of in the room

of the Right honourable Francis Ruffiel, commonly cal-Ways The Older of the Day being read, for the House led Marquis of , deceased.

and Means to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the A Bill to continue and render more effectual. Two Kenfiogton, Supply granted to His Majesty , Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads in the Pa- he.

Resolved, That thisHouse will,upon WednesdayNlom- rilhes of Chelsea, and Fulham, and other M*.

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee} Parishes therein mentioned, in the County dt Middlesex,

19 and

Kensington, U c. Roads.

Cflmters-

bridge,

kc.

£o*d*.

7 Geo. III. 24" Marl'd. 247

and also Two other A6is of Parliament, for repairing ing a Bridge at Cranford Bridge; and for repairing the the Road leading from the Town of Fid ham, through Road from the Coach and through

Fulham Fields,to the great Road near the Pound at to a Gate on the South Side Fields and

Hammcrsmith, in the said County; and for lighting! also the Road leading out of the said Highway, near watching, and watering, the said Roads; and for paving Smallbe Green Turnpike, to the George, in the Town

the Street, and Highway and Footways, from the Palace of Iflin the said County; and for lighting and

Gate to the Coach and Horses in Kenfngton, and for watering the said Highways and Roads: And the same lighting and watching the fame, and the Courts and was received; and read the First Time.

Alleys adjoining thereto; was read a Second Time. Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Williaid.

Beauchamp Procter, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Cooke, Lord The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Duke of Howe, Mr. Oitgley, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Fitzherbert, Committee! to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bindley, Sir Merrick intituled, An Act for confirming a Contract of Lease of Leafing. Burrell, Mr Fane, Sir Charles Mor daunt, M r.Grey, Mr. Mines between Charles Duke of Queensborough and Fane, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Grey, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Dover, of the One Part, and James

Fuller, Mr. Montagu, Sir Laurence Dundas, Sir Jarrit Crawfurd, and Gilbert Meafon, of the other Part, and Smith, Mr. Ryder, Lord Frederick Campbell, Lord for enabling the said Duke, and his Heirs of Entail, to Brownlow Bertie, Sir Charles KemysTynte, Mr. Steven- grant Leases in Terms of the said Contract; was son, Mr. Tracey, Lord Percy, Lord Percival, Lord Robert committed. That the Committee had examined the Manners, Mr. Ofbaldefon, Lord Granby, Lord Frederick Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be Cavendish, Mr. Guljion, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. true; and that the Parties concerned had given-their Shiftier, Mr Morgan;and all the Members who serve Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Corn-

ier the Counties of Middlesex, Berks, Bucks, Surrey, and mittee; and that the Committee had directed him to re-Oaford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five port the Bill to the House, without any Amendment 1 of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. And he delivered the Bill iu at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

A Petition of several Persons whose Names are there- Refolded, That the Bill do pals,

unto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Parish of Kensington, Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do

in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting this House hath agreed to the fame, without any forth. That, if the Powers in the said Bill contained for Amendment, paving and repairing the Footways, and lighting and

watching the Street and Highw ay in Kensington afore- Mr. Frederick Campbell reported from the Commit- Burro*ftaun-said, were extended, on the North Side thereof, to the tee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Duty of Two n*6 . West End of the House next adjoining to the Coach and Pennies or a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon Sept*?*

Horses; and, at the West End of the South Side thereof, every Aco/j Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed to the West End of the House of John Crook, next for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town the Terrace; and, at the East End of the South Side of Burrotofounness, and Liberties thereof, in the County thereof, to the Door going into Mr. Elphinf one's Aca- of Linlithgow, and for extending the same over the demy, it would be a great Convenience to the Peti- Parish of Burrowstounness, for repairing the Harbour of tioners, and all Persons travelling the great Western the said Town; and for other Purposes therein men-Road: And therefore praying. That Provision may be tioned; was committed. That the Committee had ex-made in the said Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, in such amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Manner as to the House shall seem meet. to be true; and that the Committee had gone through

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j Consideration of a Committee: And that they doexa- which they had directed him to report to the House; mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards shall appear to them, to the House: delivered the Bill, with the Amendments* in at the

And it is referred to Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wereOnoe read Mr. Cooke, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and,

Tudway, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Morton, Mr. Willoughby, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed Mr. Hezcett, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. to by the House.

Penton, Mr. Shifter, Mr. Gray, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Townshend, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Dimmer, Mr. Fomereau, ingrossed.

Sir James Long, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Whitworth, Admiral Franlcland, Sir William Beauchamp Prodlor presented to the Tyburn Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Slevenfon, Lord Percy, Lord House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, and Percival, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fitzherbert, render more effectual, Three Acts, for repairing the Lord Robert Manners, Mr. Osbaldeston, Lord Granby, Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County Lord Fredierkk Campbell, Mr. Gulf on, Mr. Bacon, Mr. of Middlesex and for amending the Road leading from Edmonfone, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Fuller, Brent Bridge, over Hartwell Heath, through the Parishes Mr. Grey, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Ridley, Sir Ellis of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the great Cunliffe; and all the Members who serve for the Coun- Western Road in the said County; and for lighting, ties of Middlesex, Bucks, Oxford, Berks, and Surrey: watching, and watering, the Highway between Tyburn And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the and Kensington Gravel Pits: And the same was re-Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to ceived; and read the First Time.

lend for Persons, Papers, and Records. ReThat the Bill be read a Second Time.

' Sir William Beauchamp ProBor presented to the A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from shiddon g«», House, according to Order, a Bill to continue and render Shaddon Gates, near Carlisle, to the present Turnpike Q^Jje more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing Road,at Mulafide; and from a Place in the said Turn-the Highways, from Counter (bridge,which lies in the pike Road, between Binfey Mires and North Raw Gate,

Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex,lead-' to join the Turnpike Road at ,in the County

ing through the Towns of Brentford and Houtiflow, to of Cumberland; was read a Second Time.

the Powder Mills, in the Road to Staines, and to Cran- Rrf That the Bill be committed to Mr. John ford Bridge, in the Road to Colnbrooke; and foe build- Robinson, Mr. Sr James Lowther, Mr. West,

Yol. 31. Mr,

248 24° Martii. . 1767.

Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Upton, Mr. Penton,

Mr. Jennings, Mr. Mr. Pennant, Mr. Lascelles, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Sir

Norton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Sir John Pennington, Mr. Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Elliot, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mr. Rajhleigh, Mr.

Bagot, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Mr. De

Grey, Mr. Darker, Mr. Parker, Lord Grey, Mr. nell, Sir James Long, Mr. Eioer, Mr. Mr. Coventry, Armine WodehouseMr. Mr. Whit-

worth, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Westmorland, Durham, Northumberland, and

York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening several Roads^ in the County of Ayr, was read a Second Time. ’ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Advocate, Lord Mountjluart, Mr. Craufurd, Mr. Drummond, Lord Garlics, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Mr. Dundas,

Sa Alexander G ilmour, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Laurence Dundas, Colonel Grame, Mr. Sir William Meredith,

Lord Dotoiie, Mr. Pownall, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Burrell, Sir William Baker, Lord Mr. Ridley,

Lord George Sackville, Colonel Fitzroy, Lord George Lennox, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Hopkins, Colonel Howe, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Coventry, Lord ThomoMr and all

the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Militia An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay

Pay and and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great

ot Dg’ Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One Thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven; for the more effectually punishingSerjeants, Drummers, and Fifers, for Misbehvaiour, and Dersertion; for securing Deserters from the Militia Regiments; and for explaining and amending so much of an Act passed last Session of Parliament, as relates to infilling Militia Men into His Majesty’s other Forces.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

British A Bill to enable the Trustees of the Museum

Museum. to exchange, fell, or dispose of any Duplicates of printed Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiosities; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Things that may be wanting in, or proper for the fad Museum; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Montagu, Mr. West, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Dowdefioell, Mr. Harris, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Comptroller of the Hous-hold, Mr. Treasurer of the Houshold, Lord Downe, Lord Coleraine, Lord MeSir Mordaunt,

Lord Catherlough, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sandys, Lord Howe, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Foley, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Townshend, Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Edward Winnington,

Mr. BaJJet, Sir EllisCunlijjfe, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir William Baker, Sir JohnGibbons, Mr. Hewett, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. PryJ'e Campbell, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Gascoyne: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Parish Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, ap-

Infant Poor, pointed to inquire into the State of the Parish Poor In-

fants, under the Age of Fourteen Years, within the Bills of Mortality; and to report their Opinion to the I Ioufe; That the Committee had inquired accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered iti to the Clerk of this House an Account of his Qualification, and having taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee having examined the Registers of the several Parishes referred to them by the 1 Ioufe, have collected from them the State of the Parish Infant Poor; and find,

ill. That taking the Children born in Workhouses, or Parish Houses, or received of and under Twelve Months old, in the Year 1763, and following the same into 1764 and 1765, only Seven in a Hundred appear to have survived this short Period.

idly. That having called for the Registers of the Years 1754, 1755, 1761, 1762, of the Children placed out Apprentices by the Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, it appears that there have been apprenticed, out, the Number of 1419; but upon examining the Ages at which the said Children so placed out were received, in the Seven Years from 1741, till they grew up to be placed out, it appears that only Nineteen of those born in the Workhouses, or received into them under Twelve Months old, compose any Part of the 1419; and even of those received as far as Three Years old, only Thirty-six appear to have survived in the Hands of the said Parishes to be placed out Apprentice.

3dly. It appears that the Children are kept in the several Workhouses in Town, or in the Hands of Parish Nurses in Town, only a small Portion of them being sent into the Country to be nursed; and the Price of 35. and zs. 6d. per Week first paid, is often reduced so low as i£. 6 d.and is.per Week, that it cannot be presumed to be equal to the necessary Care of Infants.

4tldy. Your Committee find, the Conduct of Parish Nurses was taken notice of by Parliament in the Year 1715, as appears from the Report in the Journals of the House, of the 8th of March in the above Year; Part of which being read, is as follows;

" That a great many poor Infants and expo fed Bastard " Children are inhumanly fuft'ered to die by the Barbarity of Nurses, who are a Sort of People void of Commiseration or Religion, hired by the Churfti Wardens " to take off a Burthen from the Parish at the cheapclt " and easiest Rates they can, and these know, the Man-. " ner of doing it effectually."

And upon examining also into the recent Facts above related, it doth not appear to your Committee that the Evil is or can be remedied, unless proper Regulations are established by legislative Authority.

5thly. It appears from the Evidence of the Parish Officers of Saint Andreio's Iiolborn(called within the City

Liberties) and also from Mr. Hutton, a principal Inhabitant of that Parish, that the Sum of zs. 6d. a Week for the Article of Nursing, is as little as a Child can be nursed at, to have Justice done it; but at the same time, they being fenlible of the good Conduct and Management of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, they h ve proposed to the Governors and Guardians thereof to receive their Infant Parish Poor at a certain Rate, which by the Minutes of the General Court of the said Hospital, dated the 18th of February 1767, which was produced to your Committee, and read, the said Governors

While

Fifttery.

7 Geo. III.

24° Marta. -i' 249

hors and Guardians are ready to comply with, and like-wife to forward any general Purpose the Legislaturemay think proper to direct, in relation to the Preservation of the Infant Parish Poor within the Bills of Mortality.

6thly, It appears, upon the Examination of Saunders Welsh, Esquire, that great Inconveniences have been found from Parish Boys being placed out Apprentice so long as till the Age of Twenty-four. And upon reading the Clause in the 43d of Eliz. Cap. 2. intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor; in the 5th Sec. thereof it is said, " Parish Officers are to bind their " Man Child to the Age of Twenty-four, but the " Woman Child to the Age of Twenty-one, or Time of Marriage." This, your Committee think checks Marriage, and discourages Industry.

7thly. It appears to your Committee, that the usual Sum given by Parities with Apprentices, has been generally from ao to 4or. only, which your Committee think inadequate to the procuring good Mailers.

8thly. It appears that the Register directed to be made out by the Act of the Second of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for keeping a regular,

" uniform, and annual Register of all Parish Poor In-" fants under a certain Age, within the Bills of Mortality," is deficient, by not fettingforth how Children are disposed of after the Age of Four Years.

Upon the Whole, your Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Parish Infant Poor, within the Bills of Mortality, should be sent into the Country to be nursed, at a Distance, not less than a certain Number of Miles, from any Part of the Town.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Parish Officers should allow and pay a certain Sum for nursing each Child.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a proper Number of principal Inhabitants should be chosen in every Parish respectively, under the Denomination of Guardians of the Parish Infant Poor, to inspect into the Treatment of the said Children, nursed as above.

Re/'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Parish Officers, Governors, and Directors of the Poor, should have the Alternative of fending such Children to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and defferted young Children; and the Governors and Guardians thereof be permitted to take them at a certain Sum, and to be paid by the said Officers for nurling such Children out of the Parish Rates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Parish Children should be placed out Apprentice for a shorter Time than is by Law prescribed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a proper Sum should be given, as Apprentice Fees, with the said Parish Children.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Register of Infant Poor, under Four Years of Age, should be continued on, till the Children are in some Manner disposed of in the World.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Air. Whitworth, Mr. Kynaston,

Afr. Fuller, the Lord Coleraine, and Admiral Frank-land, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Joseph Mawbet/ reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several Merchants, His Majesty’s British Subjects, concerned in the Whale Fishery, on behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said Fishery; and also the Petition of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, met at Edinburgh, the 30th Day o(January 1767; were severally referred; That the Commit-Vol. 31.

tee had examined the Matter Of Facl contained in the said Petitions; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petitions, is as follows:

By an Act of the Sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, after reciting the Provisions made by Two former Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, and the Fifth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, and that the Whale Fins, Oil, and Blubber, taken in the Greenland Seas or Davis’s Straits, and the adjacent Seas, in British Sfiips, and imported by British Subjects, should be free of Customs,

on the Conditions therein mentioned: And, after a Recital that the said Encouragements had been by many Years Experience found insufficient for the regaining of this beneficial Trade, which M as then in great Danger of being utterly loft; and that large Quantities of Oil and Whale Fins were at a great Expence bought of Foreigners, and Annually imported into this Kingdom: It is enacted, that, on the Conditions in the said Act mentioned, the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively should, on Demand, cause Payment to be made to the Mailer or Owners of every Ship employed in the said Fishery, according to the Directions of the said Act, or to his or their Assigns, by the Receiver General of the Customs for that Part of Great Britain from whence the Ship departed, the Sum of 2o r. per Ton, according to the Admeasurement of such Slip, duly certified, as in the said A ft is directed: And, by an Act made-in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty, afurther Bounty of 1 or. per Ton was granted for all Ships employed in the Whale Fishery during the then present War.

And, by an Act made in the Twenty-second Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, for the further Encouragement and Enlargement of the Whale Fishery, the said Acts, made in the Fifth, Sixth, and Thirteenth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, were further continued to the 25th Day o f Dece 1757; and by the same Act, over and above the Allowance of 20 a Ton, an additional Bounty was granted upon every Ship, payable in like Manner as -in the said Act is directed.

And by another Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of his said late Majesty, after reciting that several Acts had been made for the Encouragement of his Majesty’s Subjects to carry on and improve the Whale Fishery, the said several Acts herein before mentioned were continued, and also the said additional Bounty, unto the 25th Day o fDecember 1764, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

And by another Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, after reciting the said several Acts, and that the Bounties given thereby had (till checked by the late War) greatly increased the said Fishery, to the Advantage of the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms; the said Acts, and the Bounty of 40V. a Ton thereby granted, were further continued, from the 25 th Day of December 1764 to the 25th Day of December 1767, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

And, from several Accounts presented to this House for several Years last past, by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, it appeared to your Committee, that this Trade had greatly increased, particularly since the passing of the Act of the Twenty-second of his late Majesty, until the breaking out of the Jate War; there having been employed, as your Committee were informed, preceding the granting the per Ton Bounty, only Three Ships on a Medium in a Year;

But it appears from the Accounts,

That, in the Year 1756, Sixty-seven Ships were fit-3 S ted

WbaU

Ftlhery.

Wbale

Fishery.

250 24 0 Mar Hi. 1767.

ted out from E?igland] and Sixteen Ships from Scotland, upon this Fishery; by which Means upwards of 4,000 Seamen must have been in that Year, and nearly the same Number the preceding Year, employed in this Fishery; but that, after the Commencement of the War, that Trade had gradually declined.

And, by the Evidence of Mr. James Mather, Mr. Henri) Bird, and Mr. Campier, it appeared to your Committee, that, at the End of the War, the Bounty being nearly expiring, no Person would venture to engage in this Trade, without a further Continuance of the Bounty; and therefore, in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, an Act of Parliament was made for further continuing the Bounty '; but, the Term of this Act being only for Three Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, it was not long enough to encourage the Owners of Ships to fit them out lor this Trade: That, the Charge of fitting out Ships being double in this Trade to what it is in any other, if, after being so fitted out, they lliould be obliged to go into any other Trade, there would be a Loss to the Owners of £. 75 perCent. upon every Ship, as the Fishing Materials, being the most considerable Part of the Expence, would be almost intirely thrown away.

That, if the Bounty was continued for the further Term of Seven Years, they apprehended 100 Sail of Ships at the least, from England, would be employed in this Fishery; and that, as they always got One Third of Landmen to go in these Ships, this Fishery was a very great Nursery for Seamen: And the Reason they gave for having OneThird Landmen was, that, besides the Act of Parliament’s obliging them to carry an Apprentice for every 50 Tons Burthen, the Officers,

1 Iarponeers, S'c. were so expensive, that they could not afford a compleat Ship’s Company of Sailors: And they said, that (he Number of Men necessary for a Ship in this Service was 50; and that the Men employed therein arc allowed, by all Nations, to be the hard fell in the World: And the Witnesses said, that, if the Bounty was not continued, this Trade mull be intirely at a Stand.

And that we formerly purchased all the Utensils for

this Fishery from Foreigners; but now they are made at Home, and are better than the Dutch can make them; and are a very considerable Branch of Trade at Whitby and Birmingham; and many Manufacturers are employed in making Harpoons, Lances, Lines, &'c.

That, if the Bounty was given on the Fish caught, it would not encourage Persons to engage in this Trade, and would not be so beneficial to the Country as if granted upon the Ships; as a Bounty of that Sort would be payable upon the small Fish as well as the great; and they added, that a Bounty of 305*. a Tou would not be sufficient to encourage this Fishery, as had been already experienced.

And, by the Evidence of Mr. Mather, it appeared . to your Committee, that the Price of Whale Bone had been for feme Years past from £. 260 to £. 300, and that it is now £. 510 a Ton; and that, if the Bounty is not continued, it may rife /. 10o or £.200 a Ton higher than at present, as the Dutch now keep it up till they know the Fate of this Application; and, if this Bounty is not continued, our Ships must be fitted out from Holland, as they can be fitted out £. 30 per Cent. cheaper there than at Home; and One of the Witnesses said, he would fend his Clerk to settle a House there, and fit out his Ships from thence.

Then your Committee inquired into the State of the American Fishery; and it appeared to them, from the Evidence of the Witnesses, that lall Year had been very unfavourable to that Fishery, they having caught only 14 Whales.

That the Greenland Bone and the American differ greatly in their Nature, the Greenland being much better, and being £. 50 a Ton higher Price at Market.

That the Americanyone will not work like the Greenland; it is in its Nature more brittle.

That One of the Witnesses this Year has imported Seven Tons of Bone from Holland; and fays, if the Bounty is not continued, he apprehends he shall have 20 Tons consigned to him in the Course of the Year.

And, by several Accounts referred to your Committee, the State of the said Fishery, for several Years pall, appeared to be as follows ::

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Ships employed in the Whale Fishery, from England, writh the Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins imported, from the YTear 1754 to 1766, inclusive.

Y E'A R. N° of Ships.

1755 - - 66 -

1756 - 67 -

*757 - - 55 -

>758 - " 5* r

17 59 - 34

1760 " - 40

1761 - - 3-1 -

1762 - - 28

l7c3 - - 30 -

1764 - - 32 -

*763 - - 33 ‘

N° of Whales.

Quantity of Blubbbb.

Tons.

176 -

212^ -104 62

5^ -

77^ -

38

22

43* -

104

21,296 2L33* 17,221 15>401 l°>3$9

12,083

9»79°

8.777

9.416

67O

10,109

t

S halftone Inclosure.

7 Geo. III. 340 M251

An ACCO UNT of the Number of Ships employed in the Whale Fishery, from Scotland, from the Year

1754 to 1766,'inclusive.

Year. N° of Ships. Quantity of Blubber.

1755 - . 16 _ 00 <jr\ p CO 8 f GalL 33

1756 - - 16 - - 387 3 18

>757 - - 15 - - A78 1 6zi

1758 - - 15 - - Ix3 3 42

1759 - - 15 - - M7 1 42

1760 - r M - - 2 47

1761 - - *4 - - 123 2 16

1762 - - 14 - - 64 3 30

1763 - - 10 - - 214 1 9

1764 - - 10 - - 61 3 21

1765 - - 8 - - 214 0 3

1766 - - 9 - - 86 0 51

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Train Oil and Whale Fins imported into England, from North America since the passing of an Act allowing the Importation thereof, upon Payment of the Old Subsidy, from Lady Day 1764 to Christmas 1766.

From Lady Day to Christmas only

Years. Quantity of Oil. Quantity of Whale Fins*

Tons. Ct.

1764 - - 5257 - ----- 1550

1765 - - 6588 - 1737

1760 - 2876 - 639

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Train Oil and Whale Fins imported into Scotland, from North America since the passing of an Adfc allowing the Importation thereof, upon Payment of the Old Subsidy, from Lady \ Day ‘ij6± to Christmas 1766.

Train Oil. WhaleFins.

From 19th April 1764 (when the Act passed) 1 to the 5th January 1766 - - -3 Tons. Hhds. GalL Cwt.

- 374 2 18 846

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The Earl Verriey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Sluilficme, in the County of Bucks, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of ’VcrL.^i.

the Committee; and that the Committee had gone? through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act; Bethnal

made Grern

Roads.

5* 24 ° Martii.

made in the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, for making a Road from the East Side of the Parish of Saint Matthew; Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the East End of Church Street, and to open a Way into Shoreditch; and for repairing, paving, and regulating Old Cock Lane, New Cock Lane, Church Street, and the Road on the West Side of the Opening into Shoreditch, and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the same for the future; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Cooke, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Vunfit tart, Sir Ellis Cunlife, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Zh/-yew, Lord Villiers, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Edward Buyntun, Mr. Luttrell, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Coventry, Sir 70/w Delaval, Sir CharlesMordaunt, Mr. Harris, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Paterson, Sir William Meredith, Sir George Warren, Sir William Owen, Mr. Cater aft, Mr. Martin, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Mor ant. Lord Burgheish, Mr. Ongleij, Mr. Ward, Mr. JFigy, Mr. Ridley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Hertford, Surrey, at)d Sufotk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices.

' Kingston A Petition of the Merchants, Ship Owners, Ship upon Hull Mailers, Traders, and others, of the Town of Gains oc fc* borough, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto fubforibed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, from the Votes of the House, that a Bill is brought in for making Docks and other Conveniences, for the Use and Accommodation of Ships in the Haven and Port of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and the Petitioners are informed that certain new Duties are intended to be laid for defraying the Expence of such public Works, not only upon such Ships or Vessels as shall go into the Haven of the said Port, and feceive Benefit By the said Docks and other public Works, but on all Ships passing by the said Haven, without going into the fame, which may happen to call Anchor in that Part of the River Humber commonly called Hull Road; and that the Petitioners humbly apprehend that it would be highly unjust that Ships or Vessels coming through the said River Humber, to the Rivers Trent or Ouze, and passing by the Port of Hull, without going into, or having any possible Occasion ta go into, the Haven, or making use of the said Docks or other public Works, and only anchoring in the Open River of Humber, commonly called Hull Road, which is a safe Roadstead by Nature, in all Weathers, in order to clear at the said Custom House, and for no other Purpose, should be loaded with a.new Duty for the Improvement of the Haven of Hull: And therefore piaying, that, in case the said Bill shall pass into a Law, Provision may be made therein, to except from Payment of the new Duties thereby to be imposed, all Ships or Vessels going to or coming from any Port in this Kingdom, down or up the said Rivers of Trent or Ouze, and not going into the Haven of Hull, or making use of any of the said new Works, for the Improvement of the said Haven; and that the Peti^ tioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as tend to impose any new Duty, for the Improvement of the said 1 laven, upon Ships or Vessels pairing by the Port of Hull, without going into the said Haven, or making use of the new \V0rk9 intended for the Improvement thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Docks and other Conveniences, for the Use and Accommodation of Ships, lengthening the South-end Jetty, erecting Dolphins and other Works, in the Haven and Port of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for appropriating1 certain Lauds belonging to His Majesty to those Ufos* U cam-21

mitted, and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Kingston to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, upon the Bill for making Docks and other Conveniences, 00

for the Use and Accommodation of Ships, lengthening the Sou thread Jetty, erecting Dolphins and other Works, in the Haven and Port of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty to those Uses, be nows read.

And the said Order being read accordingly:

Resolved, That this House will, upon ThursdaySevcn night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of several of the Commissioners for putting London in Execution an Act made in the last Session of Parlia- Paving; ment, for paving the Streets and Lanes, within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts ad- oa uue,‘ jacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and also the Courts, Yards,

Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and of several of the Inhabitants, Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, of the said Town and Borough, and Parts adjacent; was presented ed to the House, and read 5 Setting forth. That the Petitioners, the Commissioners, have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have, pursuant to the Powers thereby given, erected Turnpikes, and do collect the Sundays Tolls thereby granted, asaFundto raise Money upon, for the more expeditiously paving the Streets, and other Places, within the said Town and Borough and Parts adjacent; and have taken up at Interest, on the Credit of the said Tolls, as much Money as the same will properly bear, which has been duly, and with the utmost Frugality and strictest Oeconomy, applied according to the Directions of the said Act, and great Progress has been made in paving the said Streets; but, as the Rate authorized by the said Act to be collected is not more than sufficient to pay the Expence of lighting, watching, deanfing, regulating, and repairing the said Streets, and other Places, within the said Borough, the Petitioners find themselves unable, under the Powers of the said Act, to raise Money sufficient to complete the Works directed by the said Act to be done; and that it appears, by the Votes of the House, that Application is making to Parliament, for an Act to extend, for a Term of Years, the Duty of Four Pence and Sixpence per Chaldron on Coals and Culm imported into the Port of London, laid by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary, and continued by an Act of the Twenty-first of King George the Second, and to apply the same in regulating the Wharfs, repairing the Royal Exchange, and performing other Works within the said City, and likewifein re-building Newgate, the County Gaol for Middlesex; and that the Petitioners acknowledge that the said Works will be of great Use and Advantage to the said City of London and County of Middlesex, but at the fameTime presume, that the Works by the said Act of last Session directed to be performed within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, are also Works of public Nature, equal with those proposed to be done in London; and that a very considerable Proportion of the above-mentioned Duties is paid by the Inhabitants of the fiaid.

Town and Borough of Southwark, and Places adjacent in the County of Surrey, there being many Brewers,

Glass Makers, Distillers, Dyers, Founders, and others, -.

uling immense Quantities of Coals, in their several Manufactures and Businesses settled there; wherefore the Petitioners humbly presume that it will be thought reasonable, that if the said Duties upon Coals be further continued, a moderate Proportion of the Money to be raised thereupon should be applied for the Purposes of completing the public Works of paving within the said Town and Borough of Southwark and Parts adjacent:

7 Geo. III. 34*- — 250 Martil

jaceM: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Goilfideratioi^ and to do therein as to theiti didl seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition1 be referred to the Confnieration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to eonlider of the Report which Was made from the Committee, to whom the Pet ition of the Lord- Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Councilaffembled, isreferred.

Supply; Mr. Pat erf on, according to Order, reported from*

Princess the Committee of die whole Hriufe, to whom it was

Marriage re^errG<^ to consider farther of the Supply granted to arnagP‘ His Majesty, the Refohitionwhich the Committee had: directed Iran to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwardis delivered in at the Cferk’S Table: Where the same was read; and is as folfeweth; viz. ' S

; Refofoed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds be granted tkr His Majesty, for the Marriage Portion of tWOneen of Denmark, one of His Manly’s Sifters:

The laid Resolution being read a Second Timeg ‘u ':

Refolded, Nemine contra dicerde, That ihfs Itorise’ doth agree1 with the Committee In the said Refethtiort/-That the Sum of Forty tliouforid Poundshe gtahted His Majesty, for the Marriage Portion of the Queeri of Denmark, one of His Majesty’s Sifters.

Mercurii, 250 dit.

Anno 7* Georgii III*1 Regis, 1767. 1 Prayers.

THE Lord Burgherjh reported from the Commit- Kiogftoa tee,4tawhom the Hill for carrying kilo Execution porj£ck certain1 Articles of Agreement Entered into by George Exchange Pitt, Esquire, and his Tenants of the Manor of 'King- of Land* fton, and John Pitt, Esquire; and by the said George Pitt and John Pitt, for the Exchange of Lands in Pilr-bee hi in the Comity olf Dotjist, was committed; That Committee hadexaminedtheAllegations of the Bill,1 and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill; to the Satisfaction of the Committee5; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amende mentsitiiieretmt©; Which they had dfre^od iiM tore* ' pons to the Hotrie; and he read the R-eifert’ ftp ,/7.77-Place;-and afterwards delivered tine fiill; Wish ^hd .7' .: Amendments, iti at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Ohce read throagbbai; and these tf Second TimC, One by Onte; and, tiporf the 'Questi&ii'* feveteily p ut thereupon,wef e agreed toby the House. Ordered, That the Bill, with she Amekdinent^, be ingrossed. *' ' <*; r *; w -7 y*

Settling The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Annuities on a Committee of the whole House, to take into Con-the y "rkcs sideration- His Majesty’s most gracious Message of Gloucester, Thursday last, relating to His Majesty’s Recommenda-and tion for making feme proper Provisioti for the horiour-Cunbcrland. able Support and Maintenance of His Majesty’s Brothers, the Dukes of York, Gloixtefter, and- Cumberland.

; Mr. Speaker left the Chair. 1 v

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee. '

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chaih Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which' they had directed him to report, when the House will please so receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Hifch firice The Order of the Day being read, fdr the House to refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, motions. to GOfnf1(jer further of the prefect High PriGe of PrO-visions;

Refolded, That this House will, uppn this Day Seven-

night, refelve itself into the said Committee.

Hloh Price The Order of the Day being read, for the House of Corn, to refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the prfefetit High Price of Corn;

Refolyed, That this House will, upon Wednesday the i ft Day of April next, refelve itself into the said Committee.

Hie other Order of the Day bring read;

East India Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

Company. ing, refelve itself ifttd'a Committee of the Whole House,

to inquire tether iiitothe State and Condition of the East India Company. . , r.

Ordered, That the several Persons’, whoVere ordered h .; to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the ' fatal Committee To-morr6w Mbrnifrg, ' J

And then the House adjqurribd, fill Tomorrow Mbrning, Nine of the Clock. '

;v-i*

Vol. 31.

The Lord Bifrgherjfi reported frotn the Chmlbittee, Newton to whom the Bill for dividing and indofidgfe^eralCpen Inclosure. and Common Fields*, Meadows; and Chhfntbrt^ble Grounds, within the Manor and Parlfh of Nettifftn, % the County of Lijicbin, was committed; That the Gotti-; mittee liad examined the Allegations of the Bill, ants found the same lo< be true; and that; the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sa-tisfa^ion, of* the Committee; and that the Committee hod gone-through the Bill, and made several Ametod- ments thereunto; which they had directed hiiti to^eport1 to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Arhendiriems; in ' at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; arid then a Second4Time, One by One; and, upon the Qweftion feversdly put there^ upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,. be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have pasted a Bill, mtitufed. An Act' for Benncttf* vesting several Undivided Estates, late of Jofm Bertnett, E dates. Esquire, deceased, and Ann Spender, Widow, in the Counties of Surrey, Kent, and Middlesex, in Trustees, in order to effect a Partition between the said Ann Sfxncer, and the Devi fees, named in the Will of the said Joirn^ Bennett 1 to which* the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Arid then the Meffeirgers withdrew.

And the said^ingrossed Bill from the Lords Was read the First Time.

Refofotdi That the Bill be read a Secrind Time.

The House. was* nioVUd, that the Ofrfery macfe UpdtiCity of Monday the 16th Day of this Instant^ March, for the London; Hoitfe to rfefelve itself into a Committee of tlre‘ whole Hoofe* Tomorrow Morning, to consider of the Report, winch was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aktermen, arid Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred, might be read.' r"tr

Arid the said, Order being'rriid aCririrdingly;

Ordered, That the said Order bfe discharged.

i Resolved, That this House Will, updii Monday Mdnv* ing next, refelve itself into the said Committee.

3 T The

354 25* M 1767.

lUft India The House being informed, that Mr. James, from and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’sTable: Where Company, the United Company of Merchants tradiqgto the East the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Bar, presented to the House, pumiant to their That, in order to enable His Majesty to make a com-Order, petent Provision for His Majesty’s Royal Brothers, the

A Paper, intituled, " Copy of the Plan sent to the Dukes of York, Gloucester, and Cumberland, His Ma-East India Company, by their Servants in Bengal, for jesty be empowered to settle an Annuity of Eight thoutrading in Salt, Beetle Nut, and Tobacco, referred sand Pounds upon each of His said Brothers, during uto in the Letter from the Directors to the Select their respective Lives, to be payable out of the Aggre Committee in Bengal, of the 17th May 1766." gate Fund, during the Continuance of an Act, made in

And then he withdrew the First Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An

And. the Title of the saidPaper was read. . Act for the better Support of His Majesty’s Houshold,

Ordered, That the saidPaper be referred to the and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Committee of the whole House, who are appointed to; and afterwards to be payable out of such of

inquire further into the State and Condttion of the: the Duties and Revenues, by the said Act carried to East India Company. the Aggregate Fund, as shall be subsisting after the

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Expiration of the said Act.

Papers of this Session. The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was,

' upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the City of A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Exe- House.

London; cution the several Acts, passed in the Second, Third,: Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Coo/jDutfcs! fourth, and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present! Resolution: And that Mr. Pater Jon, Mr. Chancellor of Majesty, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the City, the Exchequer, Mr.. Thomas Towiyfhend, Junior, Mr. and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places in the said Onslow, Mr, Pryfe , Mr. Secretary. Conway,

fts mentioned, was presented to the House, and read j Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded to General, and Mr. Cooper, do prepare, and bring in,' put the said several Acts in Execution, as far as they the fame, have been enabled, by the Sums of Money hitherto

granted by Parliament; and that it appears to the Mr. Treasurer presented to the House, pursuant to East India Petitioners, by the Votes of the House,that Application their Address to His Majesty. Company,

is makfog to Parliament, for an Act to extend for a A Paper, intituled, " Copy of the Minutes of the Term of\ears the Duty of Four Pence and Six Pence " Council of War, and their Answer to the Letter of per Chaldron on Coals and Culm, imported into the George Pigott, Esquire, Governor of prc-

Port-of London, laid by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth ". vious to the Delivery up of the Town of Pondicherry Years of King William and Queen Mary, and conti- " to the said George Pigott, Esquire:" And also, nued by an Act of the T.wenty-first of King George the' Copy of the Petition, to His Majesty in Council, of Second, when the Sum of £. 3,000 per Annum was Admiral Comish, and other Officers who served in the . granted thereout to the Mercers Company, and to East Indies, in the Expedition against Pondicherry. apply the same in regulating the Wharfs, repairing the And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Royal Exchange, and performing other Works, w ithin Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the the said City, and likewise in re-building Newgate, the Committee of the whole House, who are appointed to County Gaol for Middlesex; and that the Petitioners inquire further into the State and Condition of the acknowledge, that the said Works will be of great Use East India Company.

and Advantage to the said City of London and County The said Papers are preserved amongst the other of Middlesex , but at the same Time presume, that the Papers of this Session.

Works carrying on by the said Commissioners, in ptir-

fuance of the said Acts, are . also Works of a public The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, Crflofih* Nature, equal with those proposed to be done in London’,being read; Houe.

and that a very considerable Proportion of the above- Ordered, That the Call of the House be furthej mentioned DutieSarepaidby the Inhabitants of the City adjourned till this Day Fortnight, and Liberty of Westminster, and other Parts under the

Direction of the said Commissioners; the Petitioners The Order of the Day being read, for the House, Ways therefore presume, that it will be thought reasonable, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, IBI. Mont, that, if the said Duties upon Coals be further continued, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the a Proportion of the Money to be raised thereupon Supply granted to His Majesty; should be applied for the Purposes of paving, cleansing, Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Montand lighting, the said City and Liberty oOVeJbninsler, ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee, and other Places comprised in the said Acts: And therefore pray ing the House to take the Prentifes into Con- 1 The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, sideration, and to do therein as to them lltall seem meet. ‘ to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Ordered, That the said petition be. referred to the Con- to consider further of the Supply granted to His fideraiionof the Committee of the whole House, to whom Mmefty;

it is referred to consider of the Report which was made Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-frora the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord nig next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of

don,in Common Council attembled, was referred. The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the East loft Settling . Mr. Palerfvn, according to Order, reported from the whole House, to inquire further into the State and Company, 2 — 13 Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Condition of the East India Company.

York? °l ta^e i«to Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Mr, Speaker left the Chair,

Gloucester, Message of Thursday last, relating to His Majesty’s Re- Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

and commendation for making some proper Provision for the Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Cumberland. honourable Support and Maintenance of His Majesty’s Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they

Brothers, the Dukes of York, Gloucester, and Cumber- had made a further Progress in the Matter to them land, the Resolution which the Committee had directed referred; and that he was directed by the Committee him to report to the.Housej which he read in his Place; to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

n.1 . -- -! , - Resolved,


7 Geo. III.

25* — 26° Martii.

*55

Coffee,

Refoloed, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom* ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire further into thd State and Condition of the East India Company.

Ordered, That the several Perforts, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

Accounts; Ordered, That Mr. Bindley have Leave to make a T<a and Motion, it being Half an Hour after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Tea charged with the Excise Duty, for Three Years last pall; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Tea exported, for Three Years last pall; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Tea and Coffee seized by the Custom House Cutters and Custom House Officers, and which has been condemned, within Three Years last past; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Tea and Coffee seized by the Excise Office Cutters and Excise Officers, and which has been condemned, within Three Years last past; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Tea and Coffee seized by. the Admiralty Cutters, and which has been condemned, within Three Years last past; distinguishing each Year.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

I?

(fir

T Jovts, 26* die Martii;

Anno 7* Georgii IIIta Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

Account; f}RDl?RED, That there be laid before this House,

Wheat, tec, v an Account of the Quantity of Wheat, and Wheat-flour, Oats and Oat-meal, Barley and Barley-meal, Rye, Rye-meal, and Pulse, imported into Great Britain lince the 16th Day of December last; distinguishing the Quantity imported in each Week.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

Tunbridge The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wei l», for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge in the County of Kent, to Swift's Den, in the Parish of Etch-M ingham, and from Front to 'Poffmgvoorth Great Wood,

adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, leading to Black-boys, in the County oiSuJex, without any Amendment: And also,

Grantham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act be- for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of *oad* so much of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hill, near Grantham, in the County of Lincoln,to Little Drayton, in the County of

Nottingham, as relates to the Road leading from Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, Without any Amendment: And also,

NorthAnfton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and for dividing and inclosing several, Qppn Fields, Com-, . , mons. Moo

‘"w"* VoL 3,

Todwick mons, Moor, or Waste Grounds, within the Manors of

North Atfton and Todxoick, in the County of without any Amendment: And also,

, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bishop . for dividing, inclosing, and draining, a Parcel of Waste Ground, or Common, called Bish Soil, in the several Pariffiesof Howden and Eqftrington, and in the Parish or Parochial Chapeliy of Blacktoft, in the Eali Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Liverpool for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Ma* Churchefc jesty, for erecting and building Two New Churches, and providing Burial Places, in the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tarn for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, culled The Tam Moor, in the Township of in the West Inc,ofure'

Riding of the County of York, and for applying the Produce thereof towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Township, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act so». Earl of exchanging Part of the settled Estates of Willoughbf Abingdon'* Earl of Abingdon, in the County of Wilts, for another Estate of greater Value, in the County of Berks, to be settled in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Rill's veiling divers Leasehold Houses, late of Haydock Hill, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and converted into Money, to be applied, together with other Part of his personal Estate, for the Benefit of his Children intitled to the same by virtue of his Will; and for confirming a Sale, Leases, and Contraft, made by his Widow and Executrix, of other Parts of his Estate, for the Benefit of his said Children; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Com- Carton mittee, to whom the Petition of Alexander Earl of Galloway, and the humble Petition of Ross Mackye of Palgowan, Esquire, Archibald Hamilton of

Rojfehall, Efeuire, Archibald Stuart of Torrence, Esquire, and Andrew Stuart, Writer to the Signet, being

a Quorum of the Guardians of George James, Duke of Hamilton and Brandon;and of the Merchants and Traders olBorrowJlounness j was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Forbes, being examimed, said. That he knows the Harbour of Borrowftowmefs, and that it is capable of containing Ships of Five hundred Tons Burthen; that the Tide rises Seventeen Feet at Spring Tides, and Eleven Feet at Neap Tides; and the Harbour will contain Twenty Ships of Five hundred Tons Burthen.

That a- strong Westerly Wind would prevent Ships coming up the River Catron, ,if it was made strait; and that Snips can go into the Harbour of Borrowstounness at any Time; that Ships cannot go up the River Carron at the Time of Land Floods and Frofts; and that Floods and Frofts do not affect the Harbour of Borrowjlotinness.

That in moderate Weather, and in Spring Tides,

Ships can get up the River Carron; and that at Carron Shore Spring Tides rife Eight or Nine Feet, and at Neap Tides Five or Six Feet.

Mr. Alexander Shepherd, a Surveyor, being examined, said, That he knows the intended Cut or Canal from

Glasgoyt

25<*

26" Martii.

A. 1767.

Glasgoie to the River Carron is proposed to be Twenty- Four or Five Days, and in Frofts Three Weeks; and four Feet wide and Four Feet deep, and will carry Ships in a common Passage, if the Wind is contrary, they of Forty or Fifty Tons: That the proposed Canal from Can’t get up in Three or Four Tides, but with a fair Brrmrjfnunvefs'\o Carron Shoreh proposed to be of the Wind and Tide fometiraes in Six, or even in Four same Depth and Width, and computes the Expence of Hours.

making the same will amount to £.4,510: That there Mr. James Hamilton, being examined, said, That he will be noNeceflity of making Locks on the proposed is acquainted with the Carron Navigation; that the Canal from Borrmeftounness to Carron Shore, and only Expence of carrying heavy Goods from Borrouftoun-

One principal Bridge, and Two large Tunnels, and ttefs to Carron Shore is One Shilling per Ton, but Seven Bridges of Communication; and that he appro- does not know the Freight upon light Goods; and hends it will not injure any Mill; that the Length of that he never was concerned in the Business of carry-the Canal from Borrmeftounness to Coir on Shore is Six ing Goods from Borroztftounness to Carron Shore.

Miles and upwards; that he computes the Distance Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, from Borrowjlounness to Carron Shore by Sea to be Nine to whom' the Bill for making and maintaining a navi-Miles; and thinks if the Loops in the lliver Carron gable Cut or Canal, from the River Clyde, at of near were cut, it would occasion a Bar at the Mouth of the the City of in the County of to the

River where the Water meets the Sea: That if a Canal River Carron, at or near Carron Shore, in the County from the Clyde to Carron was made, Ships could fail of Sterling, is committed, that they have Power to from Leith to Greenock, but not at all Times; but that make Provision in the said Bill, for making a navigable

if a Canal was made from Borrowjlounness to Carron Cut,- or Canal of Communication, from the Port and Shore, Ships might fail from Borroicjlounness to Gree- Harbour of Borrowjlounness, to- join the said Canal, nock at all Times: That Ships cannot fail from Bor- from the River Clyde, at or . near the Place where it rowftounness to Carron by the River during Ebb Tides, will foil into1 the River Carron. strong Winds, Land Floods, and Erofts.

That the Plan for making the intended Canal from ' LordBrortmlow Bertie reported from the Com- Lanrton Bonouftounness to Carron Shore, took its rife at Borrow- riiittfee, td whom the Bril for, dividing and inclosing jlounnefsabout Five Weeks ago: That he does not know certain Open Arable Fields, Moors, and Commons, iadofure. whether any Persons from Borrowstounness attended a in the Parities of and Woodall, in the Coun-

goneral Meeting of the County of Sterling at Falkirk ty of Lincoln, was committed, That the Committee with the Propoiition of making this Canal. had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found

That the Access from. Leith to the Clyde will be the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned iliorter and more certain by the proposed Canal than had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction by the Carron; that the Mouth of the Carron is Six of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone Miles distant from the; Harbour of Borrowjlounness. through the Bill, and made Several Amendments there-That the Amount of the Dues upon a Ton of Goods unto; which they had directed him to report to the from Borrowjlounness to Carron Shore by the Canal, House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af-

will be Ten Pence; but cannot tell what the Freight terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in will be, it not being yet fixed. at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments Were

That the shorter Canal cannot be of any Use, till the Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Glasgow one is completed. by One; and, upon the Question severally put there*

That the Great Canal cannot be completed next upon, were agreed to by the House.

Year. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

That he is not a Judge what Detriment it will be to ingrossed. put this in a separate Bill another Year; and that he

don’t know that it will be arty Detriment to the Clyde An ingrossed BUI for continuing the Dutf of Two Bill, if Clauses for making the BorrowJlounness Ca.no\ Pennies Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, were inserted; that it will be of Advantage to have the upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be Scot* Two Canals go on together, and it will be the same brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within thing to the Public if both are finished at the same the Town of Borrowjlounness, and Liberties thereof, in Time. the County of Linlithgow, and for extending the fame

That Vessels may go from the Clyde Navigation over the Parish of Borrmojlounness, for repairing the down,the proposed Cut to Borrowjlounness, when the Harbour of the said Town; and for other Purposes Tides'won’t permit them to go down the River, which therein mentioned; was read the Third Time, he thinks will be an Advantage to the Public. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

That if the Bill phffed, and these Clauses were, be. An Act for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies added, that they would not begin the lesser Canal till Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every the other was nearly completed. . Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed-

That the Borrowjlounness Canal cannot be of any for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Use till the Glasgoio Canal is completed, except in' Town of Borrowjlounness, and Liberties thereof, in carrying Goods from Bbi"roivftounness to Carron Shore, the County of Linlithgmo, and for extending the same when they cannot go up the River Carron. over the Parish of Borrmeftounness, for repairing the

' - That the City of Glasgow, and several Merchants Harbour of the said Town; and for other Purposes

there, have subscribfed several Sums of Money towards therein mentioned.

the said Canal from Borrowjlounness. , Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carry the

That the proposed Canal is to be made Level with! Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

High Water Mark at Spring Tides; and that it will , '

render the Clyde Canal more complete, and of greater' , An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act public Utility: ' for exchanging Part of the settled Estates of

' Mr. John Forbes,beitig again examined, said, That Earl of Abingdon, in the County of Wilts, for another the Freight of Goods from Borrmeftounness to Carron Estate, of greater Value; in the County of Berks, to be Shore by the River is One Shilling, or One Shilling settled ip lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein and Six Pence, according to the Nature of the Gopds. mentioned; was read the First Time.

That he has been employed Two Years in navi- Resolved, -That the- Bill be read a Second Time, gating Vessels on the River Carron, and that Vessels

drawing Five or Six Feet Water cannot go up the . An ingrossed Bill for carrying into Execution certain Kingstoa River at Neap Tides, and hte known Vessels detained Articles of Agreement entered into by George, Pitt, ' puJJ(ck

r rurucut

Lfquire, Ewhuj.

7 Geo. Ilf. a6° MartiL $57

Esquire, and his Tenants of the Manor of Kingston, and John Pitt, Esquire, and by the faitl George Pitt and John Pitt, for the Exchange of Lands in in

the County of Dorset,was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pars: And that the Title be. An Act for carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement entered into by George Pitt, Esquire, and his Tenants of the Manor of and John Pitt,

Esquire, and by the said George Pitt and John Pitt, for the Exchange of Lands in Purbeck, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and ‘defire their Concurrence.

Newton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the feve-Inclosure. ral Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Newton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That the Lord Burgherjk do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Edinburgh A Bill for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh, over certain adjoining Lands, and for giving Powers to the Magift rates of Edinburgh, for the Benefit of the said City, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That thie Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr! Dundas, Sir AlexanderGilmour, Sir Laurence Dun-

das, Sir Chdrles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr. Fuller,

Lord Mountfuart, Mr. Gilbert, Lord Frederick bell. Lord Gar lies, Mr. Sir Anthony Abdy, the

Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Ross, Mr. Pres cott, Admiral Rolburne, Colonel Barrb, Lord Howe, Lord Percy, Mr. Sandys, the Lord Advocate, Mr.

titvnd, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Ofumld, Sir Gilbert Elliot; and all -the Members who serve for North,

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and all who come are to have Voices:

halftone Ordered, That Mr. William Burke do make the Re-

Indefure. port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, WaileGrounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Shalft one, in the County of , was re-corn* mitted.

Mr. Burke accordingly reported from the ftiid Committee, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

White Croft Mr. Hervett reported from the Committee, to whom

«n<t the Bill to repair and widen the Road from White Cross, to the Town of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there* tinto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there*

Vol. 31.

upon; were, with an Amendment to One of them; agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered tb be added to the Bill, to prevent ahy Toll Bar being erected within a certain Distance of Bridlington.

And the said Clause was Twice read; with a Blank; which being fillet} up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; to be made Part of the Bui.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Dowdeswell presented to the House, according Willerfey to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and I&closure, Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waile Grounds, of and in the Parish of Willerfey, in the County of Gloucester: And the fame/ was received; and read

the First Time.

RejTolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Thoroton reported from the Committee, to whom Ailflone the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com* [Inclosure: mon Fields, and unmdofed Meadows, in the Parish of Aitfime, in the County of Deicester, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame.to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments; in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed:

Mr. Prefcoll presented to the House, according to Bankrupts: Order, a Bill for the better Security of the Estates and Effects of Merchants, Bankers, Traders, Scriveners;

Factors, or Brokers, who may hereafter become Bankrupts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill to amend; and reduce into One Act of Parliar Westminst* bient, the several Acts passed in the Second, Third, Faring. Fourth, and Fifth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleonfing, lighting, and regulating; the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and-Li berty of Westminster, and other Places in the said Acts mentioned; and for giving further Powers for those Purposes; w&J read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr; Fit& herbert, Mr. Pluntptre, Mr. Kynaston, \jord Barrington,

Colonel Bartl, Lord Hinchingbroek, Mr. Fulled, Lord

Coleraine, Mr. Ellis, Mr. BurreU, Mr. Suiter, Lord George SaCkville, Mr. Bull, Sir Charles Mr.

Dowdeswell, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Lottmdes, Mr. Campbell, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Fontiercau,

Colonel Hotham, Sir Joseph Maxobey, Sir Matthew Lamb-,

Colonel Burgoyne, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr.

Mr. Prescott, Mr. Upton, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Pownall, Mr.

Seymour, Mr. Rajhleigh, Lord Clure, Sir Williavi Maynard, Si eRoger Mofiyn, Mr. Sandys, Mr. W>ft, Nit.Gore,

Sir Brook Brydges, Mr. Bef, Mr. Darner', and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Surrey, Hertford, and Kent: And they arse to meet this AflernooU, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are tb have Voices.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Ellimates, Foundling which have been presented to this House, in this or any Hospital

3 U former

A. 1767.

258 26° — 2 70

former SeCQon of Parliament, relating to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of expofcdand deserted young Children, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do consider of the presentState of that Hospital, and of the most proper Means for the future Support and Employment of the Children, who have been received into the said Hospital; and re-

G»rt the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the ouse:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Kynadon, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. , Lord Cole-

raine, Mr. While, Lord Clare, Mr. Darner, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Pent on, Mr. Ellis,

Mr. Parker, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Prescott, Mr.

Mr. Burke, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Sandy Si Mr. Harris, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Mackworth, Sir Mr.

Dotvdefwell, Sir Charles KemysTynte, Sir Bridges,

Lord George Sackville, Sir William Beauchatnp Proflor, Mr. Upton, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Pownall, Mr. Amcotts, Colonel

tyn, Sir Charles Hardy, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Mel-UJh, Mr. Bacon, Dr. Hay, Lord Frederick Campbell: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s. Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

Martii.

Veneris, 27 0 die Martii;

Anno 7* Georgii III*1 Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Byo» Common, called Byers Green Moor or Common, Gree, in the Parish of Saint AndreivAukland, in the County LkIoiur.

of Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vane,

Mr. Kynqfton, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Shafto, Mr.

Mr. Shiffher, Sir William Meredith, Lord Frederick

Campbell, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Raby Vane, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Toronjhend,

Mr. Holt, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Ridley, Sir Armine house, Mr. Jennings, Mx.Shuttleworth, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

White, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Lascelles, Lord Brotonlow Bertie, Mr. Parker,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fanes and all the Members wrho serve for the Counties of Durham,

Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancaster, and York; And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Highways; Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com* Anth* Amending whom the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, mid Inclosure. Laws. Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, for Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of

the Amendment and Preservation of the public High- worth, in the County of Northampton, was read a ways of this Kingdom, was committed, be taken into Second Time.

further Consideration upon Monday the 13th Day of , That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fre-

April next. derick Montagu, Mr. Knight, Lord Cathcrlough, Mr.

Bootle, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Shafto, Lord Mexborough,

Turnpike Ordered, That Mr. Bacon be added to the Gentlemen, Mr. Wynn, Lord Howe, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ryder, Co-

Kotds; who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or lonel House, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Burke, Mr. Delaval,

Amending Bills, upon the Resolutions, which, upon Monday the Mr. Penton, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Lotondes, Mr. ws* 11 th Day of February last, were reported from the Com- Scawen, Mr. Bacon, Mr. White, General Lambton, Sir raittee, who were appointed to revise and consider of the MBeauchamp ProBor, Lord Frederick Campbell, generalLawsrelatingtothepublicHighwaysandTurji- Mr. Ridley, Mr. Jennings, Sir Grant, Mr.

pikeRoads in that Part of Great Britain called England, Archer, Mr. Fames, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, and to report their Opinion to the House thereupon, and Lord Grey, Sir Meyrick Burrell; and all the Members also concerning any Alterations, Amendments, or re- who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Lincoln, peal, of the fame, which they may think necessary, to- Nottingham, and York: And they are to

wards the making of more efteGtual Provisions for meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the amending and preserving the said Highways and Roads. Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read; ' A Petition of Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Baronet, Samuel H«te

East Indu The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Esquire, Frances Moyer, Widow, on Behalf

Company, whole House, to inquire further into the State and Con- of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of dition of the East /nd/a Company. Houses, Messuages, or Tofts, the Inhabitants whereof

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. have Right of Common in the Haute Htmtre Few, com*

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee. monly called The Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, in the

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have seen a had made a further Progrefc in the Matter to them re- printed Copy of a Bill depending in the House, for di-, ferred; and that he was directed by the Committee to viding and inclosing the said Fen, and certain other move, that they may have Leave to fit again. Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Holland, in the County of Lincoln; and that the said resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Fen contains by Estimation 22,000 Acres; and the Pe-to inquire further into the State and Condition of the titioners, or their Tenants, are entitled to a Right of East India Company. Common, without Stint, in and over the fame, the Soil

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered whereof is very rich and fertile; and the Petitioners to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the Estates, or some of them, lying contiguous to, and ad-said Committee Tomorrow Morning. joining upon, the said Fen, they or their Tenants have

enjoyed such Right, with great Convenience and Ad-And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow vantage; mid that, if a Plan or Survey of the said Morning, Nine of the Clock. Fen had been made agreeable to the several printed Pro-

pofals, previous to the signing the Petition for bringing in the said Bill, the Petitioners, and the rest of the Pro-, prietors, would have been able to have formed some

Judgment of the Mode moil proper for making a just and equitable Division; but, for want of such Plan and Survey, the Petitioners are not sufficiently advised or . prepared, but humbly apprehend, that, if such Bill should

9

1

k

tr»

S*

3



A

t


II

7 Geo. III. -270 Martiu 259

iliould pass into a Law, as it now Hands, the same would be very injurious to them, and many other Persons entitled to Right of Common in the said Fen: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counfid, against the said Bill, and may have such Relief in the Premises, as their same may require, and as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

last A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Cora-mon Fields and Meadows, in the Parish of East with, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Totvnjhend, Mr. tart, Mr. Parker, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr Sir Thomas Cave, Sir

Alexander Grant, Mr. FoleyMr Mr.;

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Fane, Mr. Bolton, Lord Grey, Sir Merrick Burrell, Mr. Colonel

Howe, Mr. Shiffker, Mr. Shafto, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Praed, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Barrow, Sir Pen-

nington-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, Leicester, York, and North-

ampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Xenfingtoa Sir William Beauchamp reported from the

*c- Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons , whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Parish of Kensington, in the County of dlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di-jested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio weth;

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue, and render more effectual. Two Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of and also Two other Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Fulham, through Fulham Fields, to the great Road near the Pound at Hammersmith, in the said County; and for lighting, w atching, and watering, the said Roads; and for paving the Street, and Highway, and Footways, from the Palace Gate, to the Coach and Horfes in and for

lighting and watching the fame, and the Courts and Alleys adjoining thereto; is committed 5 That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for extending the Powers therein contained, for paving and repairing the Footway, and lighting and watching the said Street and Highway in Kensington, to the paving and repairing the Footways, and lighting and watching the said Street and Highway, on the North Side thereof, to the Welt End of the House next adjoining to the Coach and Horses and at the West End of the South Side thereof, to the West End of the House of John Crook, next The Terrace, and at the Ealt End of the South Side thereof, to the Poor going into Elphinstone's Academy.

General Lambtoh reported from the Committee, to You 31.

whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Earl and Act to enable John Bowes, Earl of Strathmore and King-home, and Mary Eleanor Bowes, Countels of Sll^,^re’*

and Kinghorne, his Wife, the Daughter and only Child of George Boioes, Esquire, deceased, to take and use the Surname of Bmoes only, pursuant to his Will, and the Settlement executed previous to" the Marriage of the said Earl and Countess, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Aud the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That General Lambton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

0

The House being informed, that Mr. James, from the East Tadia East India Company, attended at the Door; he was Company, called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of the several Goods, of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of the Kingdom of Great Britain, as also of all other Goods and Merchandise, exported from the Port of London, for Account of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, between the 29th of September 1754 and the 29th September 1766; distinguishing each Year: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the several Goods, of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of the Kingdom of Great Britain, as also of all other Goods and Merchandise, exported from the Port of London to the East Indies, on account of separate Traders, from the 29th of September 1754 to the 29th of September 1706; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are appointed to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Stevenson, from Accounts 1 the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he Tea and was called in; and, at the Bar, pretexted to the House, t'° pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Tea charged with the Excise Duty, for Three Years lait pall; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Tea and Coffee fei2ed by the Excise-Office Cutters, Boats, and Excise Officers, and which has been condemned, within Three Years last pall; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, Inhabit* Edinburgh ants in and near the City of Edinburgh, was presented Strrct*’ to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Peti- c‘ tioners observing, from the Votes of the House, that there is a Bill depending, to extend the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh over certain adjoining Grounds, and for giving certain Powers to the Magistrates of the said City, for the Benefit thereof; and as it will be of great Benefit to that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, that a licensed Theatre, or Playnoufe, should be established within the City of Edinburgh, the Metropolis,

.....thereof;

260 27" — 30'

thereof: Therefore graying the House to receive, and add, a Clanfe to the said depending Bill for enabling His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent for a Theatre, or Play house, in the City of Edinburgh, or Suburbs thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh over certain adjoining Lands, and for giving Powers to the Magi tl rates of Edinburgh, for the Benefit of the said City, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Edinburgh Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is ^concerned in the Bill for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh over certain adjoining Lands, and for giving Powers to the Magistrates of Edinburgh, for the Benefit of the said City; which Bill was Ymerday read a Second Time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is Concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

MartiL A. 1767*

keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley and Farnborough, in the County of Kent to Beggars Bush, in the Turnpike Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Sussex, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bennett’* for vesting several undivided Estates, late of John Bennett, Elites* Esquire, deceased, and Ann Spencer, Widow, in the Counties of Surrei), Kent, and M in Trustees, in

order to efieft a Partition between the said Ann Spencer, and the Devisees named in the Will of the said John Bennett, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

ham, Mr. Eamvs, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir John Griffin Griffin, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Jennings, Mr; Plummer, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Byde, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Burt, Mr. Bootle; Mr. Coventry, Mr. Mor-

f" cm, Mr. Vane, Mi*. Fonnereau, Mr. Burrell,

dr. OJbaldefton, Mr. Howard, Sir Merrick Bur fell. General Lambton, Mr; Burke, Mr. Harris, Sir Thomas

Hales, Mr. Vernon, Lord Bnrgherjh, Mr. Baldwin, Mr. i Benton, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Lozc Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Knight; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Kent, MiddlefEffix and And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

w*y* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means, fefgp.g jtfdf into a Committee of the whole House,' to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself in the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

East India The House resolved itself into a Committee or the Company, whole House, to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had examined a Witness, and had made a further Pro-refs in the Matter to them referred; and that hewaS irefted by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who wfere ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till. Monday

Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

, j — »! -..... — — I..... —

Luriee^30° die Martii;

Anno 70 Georgii IIId1 Regis, 1767.

Pra.ykrs.

Bromley f\RD ERED, That Sir John Griffin, Mr. Jennizigs,

»nd " Mr. Burt, Mr. Clayton, be added to the Com*

Tmiborough mittec, to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and

An ingossed Bill to j'epait and widen the Road from WhiteCrofi Whitt Crofts to the Town of Bridlington, in the East and Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time. Rotis,

Resolved, That Ih'e Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to repair and widen the Road from Whitt Cross, to the Town of Bridlington, in the East Riding of

the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Ilewett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An mgrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hill’* for veiling divers Leasehold Houses, late of Heydock Eltite* Hill, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and converted into Motley, to be applied, together with other Part of his personal Estate for the Bdnefit of his Children, enth tied to the same by virtue of his Will; ami for confirming a Sale, Leases, and Contfaft, made by his Widow and Executrix, of other Parts of his Estate, for the Benefit of his said Children; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Vestry and principal Inhabitants Wellmmftef of the Parilli of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the Plvillfr Liberty of Westminster, and County of was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the I louse, that a Bill is depending to amend, and reduce into One Act ‘of Parliament, the several Acts, passed in the Second,

Third, pourth, and Fifth Years of the Reigh of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places in the said Acts mentioned, and for giving farther Powers for those Purposes; and that, should the said Bill pass into a Law, as it is now framed, the Petitioners apprehend it will bring very great Inconveniences and Burthens upon the said rarish: And therefore praying.

That they may be heard by their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect their Property, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premiles aj the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee,to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee* upon their laid Petition, if they think fit.

An

7 Geo. III. 30° Mar Hi. 261

Earl of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging Part of the settled Estates of,

tei* Earl of Abingdon, in the County of Wilts, another Estate of greater Value, in the County of to be settled in Lien thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

stone, Sir JarritSmith, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Ward, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Sir Dashtooood,

Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Howard, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Best, Sir Edward Wimiington, Sir Roger Neiodigate, Mr. Amcotts, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bagot, Sir Francis cent, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Clayton, General Lambton, Cord A lien, M r.Plummer, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Bacon, Mr Prescott, Mr. Clive, Mr. Mr.

rester, Mr. Northey, Mr. Delaval, Sir Robert Mr. Robinson, Mr. Ridley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxon, Berks, Bucks, Wilts, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bomley A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of

Wcjlerham, Eden Bridge, and in the -

Canties Qf Kent and Suffix, on behalf of themfel ves and others, travell ing the Roads therein after-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for repairing, widening, and keeping inRepair, the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley, and Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to Beggars Bush, in the Turnpike Road leading from Tunbridge Wells to Maresfield, in the county of ; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that several Clauses in the said Bill will, if passed into a Law, be very injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, or have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-lideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley and

borough, in the County of Kent, to Beggars Bush, in the Turnpike Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Sussex, is committed: and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Willerfty The House being informed, that the Bill for dividing

Indofuie. and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Walle Grounds, of and in the Parish of Willerfey, in the County of Gloucester, which upon day last was read the First Tirtie, and ordered to be read a Second Time, has several Erafements and Interlineations therein, and that the same is not properly blanked; Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Itching Mr. Penlon reported from the Committee, to whom River the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, MYiguion. an ma(je jn Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of ILxagCharlesthe Second, intituled, An Act for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise passable, for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, so far as the same relates to the River Itching,running from Alresford,through Win-

chester,to the Sea, near Southampton, and for the better regulating the said Navigation; was committed; That the Committee had considered the Petition of Voi. 31.

on behalf of himself and the rest of the Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Itching, running from Alresford, through Winchester,to the Sea near Southampton;

and also, the Petition of Georgeof E/Jbm, in the County of Surrey-, Vintner, and Elizabeth Griffits, his Wife; and also, the Petition of the Right Reverend John Lord Bishop of Winchester; to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be trite; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, enabling the Commissioners to dispose of Forfeitures.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to continue, and render more effectual, Three Tyburn Acts, for repairing the Highways between and Tj*brid e

Uxbridge, in the County of Middlef; and for amend- Rotd. ing the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Heath, through the Parishes of Hanwell, Neio Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Westem Road in the said County; and for lighting, watching, and watering, the Highway between Tyburn and Gravel Pits;

W’as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Montagu, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Butter, Mr. Tudxoay, Mr. Shiffner, Mr.

Delaval, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Lascelles,

Mr. Hewett, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Tufndl,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whitworth, General Lambton, Admiral Holburne, Mr Stevenson,bord Burgherfi, Sir Fran-

cis Vincent, Mr. Bacon, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr.

Upton, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Blackstone, Mr.

Mr. Bootle; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Effix, Bucks, Berks, Oxon, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of James Er/kine, of Barjarg, Esquire, One Edinburgh of the Senators of the College of Justice, William Muir, Street* of Caldwatt, Esquire, One of the Barons of His Ma- c’ jesty’s Court of Exchequer, Ale zande One

of the Clerks to His Majesty’s Signet, John also

One of the Clerks to His Majesty’s Signet, William Chal-wer, Surgeon in Edinburgh, George Gardener, Examiner of the Salt Customs at Edinburgh, and Robert Anderson,

Seedfman, in Edinburgh, was presented to the House, -and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending in the House, for extending the Royalty of the said City over certain Grounds therein mentioned, Part of which are the Property of the Petitioners, and for subjecting the said Grounds, Owners, and Tenants thereof, to certain Duties, Taxes, and Impositions, to the Payment of which they are not now liable by Law, without providing any just Equivalent or Recompence to them therefore; and that the Extension of the Pow’ers and Privileges of Corporations, over the Properties of Individuals, is of dangerous Consequence to the Liberties and Industry of His Majesty’s Subjects in general: And therefore praying,

That they may be heard by themselves, or their Counfel, against the said Bill, and to have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for extending the Royalty of the City of

3 X Edinburgh

a6'2

.30 ° Mar tit. 1767.

Edinburgh over certain adjoining Lands, and for Commons, in the Manor of Shop, in the County of giving Powers to the Magistrates of Edinburgh, for the West norland: And the same was received; and read Benefit of the said City, is committed; and that the the Firit Time.

Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the . Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, said Bill, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Sir William Beauchamp reported from the St. BotolpS

Counters- A Bill to continue and render more effectual several Committee, to whom the Bill for paving, cleansing, and (Loadoti) bridge, Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways from lighting, that Part of the Pariili of Saint Strteu-

Road*. CounterJbridge, which lies in the Parish of Kenfngton,in the County of and the Precinct of

in the County of Middlesex,leading through the Towns Saint , and for regulating the nightly Watch

of Brentford and Hoanjlow, to the Powder Mills, in the and Beadles, within the same, was committed; That the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the Road Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, to Colnbrooke; and for building a Bridge, at Cranford and found the same to be true; and that the Committee Bridge; and for repairing the Road from the Coach had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend* and for/ej, through Sion Lane,to a Gate on the South ments thereunto; which they had directed him to reside of Teddington Field; and also the Road leading port to the House; and he reail the Report in his Place;

out of the said Highway, near Smallberry Green Jurn-and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-pike, to the George,in the Town of JJleworth,in the ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

laid County; and for lighting and watering the said were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Highways and Roads; was read a Second Time. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Beauchamp Proctor, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cooke, Ordered, That the' Bill, with the Amendments, be Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Anthony Bacon, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. ingrossed.

Kynaston, Mr. Blackfone, Mr. Toionjhend, Mr. Fuller, v Mr. Tufnell, Mr. LafceUet, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Coventry, Ordered, That Lord Mr. Fuller, Mr. Arthirimm

Mr. Harris, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Fane, Lord Hanbury. Sir Charles , Mr. Plummer, Mr. Sar- lnc^urt*

Coleraine, Mr. Montagu, Sit James Dajkwood, Admiral gent, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. be added to the Com-

Holburne, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Stevenson, Mr. Whitworth, mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Mr. Ridley, Lord Burgherjh, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Open aniLCommon Fields, Common Meadows, Com-Roger Neivdigate, General iMrnbton, Mr. Delaval, Mr. mon Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and

Clive, Mr. Tudway, Mr. Paterson, Sir Alexander Grant, Parish of in the County of Northampton,

Mr. Bootle, Mr. Upton, Mr. Pownall; and all the is committed.

Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex,

Bucks, Berks, Oxon, and Surrey: And they are to meet A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Mr. Anguish:

Chamber. Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to (be Bill, intituled, An Act layton Ancholme A Petition of iMtirence Monk and George Forjler for dividing and inclosing the Common Waste Grounds Drainage. Tufnell, Esquires, Owners and Proprietors of Land, and Sand Hills, called within the Manor tUohu*’

lying in the Level of Ancholme, in the County of Lin- of Layton, in the Parishes of and in

coin, was presented to the House, and read; Setting the County Palatine of without any Amend-

forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the ment: And also,

House, that a Bill is depending for draining the said The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Pook.fc. Level; which, if passed into a Law, as it now stands, to explain, alter, and amend, an Act for repairing and will be highly injurious to the Property of the Peti- widening several Roads leading from between the Se-tioners, and others: And therefore praying, That they cond and Third Mile Stones, on the Turnpike Road may be heard by their Counfel,orby themselves, agaiull between the Town and County of Poole and such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them. Minster, in the County of to Bratton Corner, in

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the Chunty of Somerset; and for repairing and widening Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Road from the Turnpike Road in Brianstone, to or the more effectual draining the Lands lying in the near atloufe ca.\\edFontlcroysFarmHoife, in the County Level of Ancholme, in the County of Lincoln; and of without any Amendment: And also,

making the River Ancholme navigable, from the River The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Grimko, Humber, at or near a Place called Ferraby Sluice, in for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the County of Lincoln, to the Town of Glamford so much of an Act made in the Thirty-second Year of Briggs, and for continuing the said Navigation, up the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, or near to the said River, from thence to Bishop Briggs, for repairing and widening the Roadsfroni Grantham, in in the said County of Lincoln; is committed; and the County of Lincoln,throughBottcsfurd and Bingham, that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before to Trent Bridge-, and from Chappel Bar, near

the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint think fit. Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby; and from the

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Guide Post, in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry; as mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the relates to the Road leadingfrotr.G:ra;i//i<7?/z same Time, in Favour of the said BUI, against the said Bridge; without any Amendment: And also,

Petition. The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Talbot’i

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to veiling Part of the Estate of John Talbot the Younger, Ellites. said for Persons, Papers, and Records. Esquire, settled on his Marriage, in Trullees, for rail-

ing a further Sum of Money for discharging Debts and RranQ Mr. John Robinson presented to the House, according Incumbrances; to which the Lords delire the Concur-, Indaiur* to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open rence of this House: And also,

Commons in the Manor of Reagill, in the County of The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to Willis’s Westmorland: And the same was received; and read enable John Fleming, Esquire, lately called John Willis, ^Jme-the First Time. and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. of Fleming only, pursuant to a Settlement made by

Richard Fleming, Esquire, deceased; to which the Lords Ship J Mr. John Robinson presented to the House, according desire the Concurrence of this House.

InUoiurc. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open. And then the Messengers withdrew.

8,0 A Message

7 Geo. III.

30° — 31°

26$

hu

h

e

v

} I-

rri

Hesketh’s Eft? tcs.

Turnpike Roads; Amending 1 Law*.

Leave of Absence.

Foundling

Hospital.

IX Settling

IT Annuities on the Dukes of

York,

& Gloucester,

and

Cl Cumberland.

i ,:a iSi City of

t'i* London; Public

l.’-i to Buildings,

Ac.

Iff'

rw Way.

it' and Meant.

3|i'

I Supply. 1

T

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Angui/h: .

Mr. Speaker,

rI’lje Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, settled upon the Marriage of Fleetwood llejkelh, Esquire, with Frances his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising from such Sale, in paying oft'divers Debts and Incumbrances affecting the lame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and all'o for substituting in Lieu thereof, a certain Eliate in the said County, called Burne, lately purchased by the said Fleetwood to which

the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One A of Parliament, the General Laws for the Amendment and Preservation of the Turnpike Hoads of this Kingdom, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be printed.

Ordered, That the Lord Dozone have L^ave to go to the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

Mr. Kvnaston, from the Committee, appointed to consider of the present State of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted Young Children, and of the most proper Means for the future Support and Employment of the Children, who have been.received into the said Hospital; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Five may be the Quorum of the said Committee.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn, from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they shall think fit.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to settle certain Annuities on their Royal Highnesses the Dukes of York, Gloucester, and Cumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rrfolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of African Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Comply. Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House Will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had examined another Witness, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may bave Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 10 inquire further into the State and Condition of the India Company.

Ordered, That thejjeveral Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, except Henry Vansittart and John Zephania Holwell, Esquires, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Waljhhave Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Captain Archibald Swinton do. Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, who are appointed to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

East India Company.

Ditto.

-Martis, 31* Martii;

Anno 70 Georgii III1’* Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ponfider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; Vq*. 31.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Willis’* Act to enable John Fleming, Esquire, lately called Nam?, John Willis, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Fleming only, pursuant to a Settlement made by Richard Fleming, Esquire, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Talbot’* for veiling Part of the Estate oijohn Talbot the Younger,

Esquire,

31* Mar tit. A. 1767.

Esquire, settled on his Marriage, in Trustees, for raising a further Sum of Money, for discharging Debts and Incumbrances, was read the First Time.

Refilved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Distressed A Petition of the Debtors in the Gaol at Hereford, Debtors. we|j on Behalf of themselves, as for all others, unhappily confined in the many different Gaols in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Shalftone An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. ^nd Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Shalftone, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Shalftone, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. William Burke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Jtoads Petition of several Gentlemen of the County of Ayr, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have perused a Bill depending in the House, for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Ayr; and that the Roads from Aston Popple's, East of New to in the

Road to Eglisham;and from to Galjhnvn,

and from Waterside of Louden, where it departs from the Roads leading to Straven, towards Kingswell, till it falls into the aforesaid Road from Kilmarnock to Kingswell, and the Road from Ayr, by to

Dalmellington, and the March of the SJiire, towards Carfphairn, all in the County of Ayr, are in a ruinous Condition, too narrow, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary course of Law: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Price Campbell, Sir Elliott', Mr. Craufurd, Mr. Montgomery, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynafim, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Sir Reger Newdigate, Lord Grey, Sir Mr.

Rigby, Lord Mountjluari, Mr. Clive, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Dundus, Mr. Cust, Mr. Sir Laurence

Dwidas, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Laurence, Sir Peter Leicester, Mr. Mr.

thorp, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Harris, Mr. Dyfon, Lord Ca-rysfort. Sir George Yonge, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mackworth; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Whitchurch Mr. Cholmondeley reported from the Committee, to

ft t{ir°d whom the Bill to repair and widen the Roads from

URwd. Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Turnpike

Road between Nantwich, in the County of Ckefier, and Kewcajilt:under Line-, and from Hinstock to Nantwich aforesaid; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed, that some other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Refilved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Refilled, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Onftofio presented to the House, according to Mofgme Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inhe- aml ritance, in Fee Simple, of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, demiled to Con-Jtaniine Phipps, Esquire, by Letters Patent, under the Seal of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, unto the said Constantine Phipps, and John Cmjtantine Phipps his eldest Son, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the fame: And the same was received; and read the Firfi Time.

Refilved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act HefcetMi for vesting Part of the Estates, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, settled upon the Marriage of Fleetwood Hejketh, Esquire, with Frances his Wile, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising from such Sale in paying off divers Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and also for substituting in Lieu thereof, a certain Estate in the said County, called Burne, lately purchased by the said Fleetiooood Hejketh; was read the First Time.

Refilved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cornewallreported from the Committee, to whom British

the Bill to enable the Trustees of the British Museum, to Mufcuia exchange, fell, or dispose of, any Duplicates of printed Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiosities, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Things that may be wanting in, or proper for the said Museum, was committed; That the Com- 1 mittee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, Chattm to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and March, to Wi/hcch Saint Peters, and from thence to TidGote, in the Ijle of Ely, and from IV aforesaid, through Out well, to Downham Bridge, in the County of Norjblks and for repealing the several Acts

for repairing the said Road through and;

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and foundthe same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made severalAmendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Lawrence reported from the Committee, to whom Ure

the Bill for making Navigable the River Ure, from its Navigation Junction with the River Swale, to the Borough of Ripen, in the County of York,was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the

House;

Account;

Sinking Fund

Account; Militia Pay and Clothing.

Account; Nary and Anny Widows.

Account; Duties on tyintt.

Langton

and

Woodall

Inclosure,

Geo. III. 31' Mar Hi. 265

FToufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in «t the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that some other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money issued out of the Sinking Fund, to discharge, from the 29th Day of September 17 66, to the 25th Day of December following, the Annuities attending such Part of the Joint Stock, established by an Act, made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, in respect of certainNavy, V i6tualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, as was redeemed, in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies remaining uniffued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1766.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of such Monies, or Savings, arising from the Money granted by Parliament, for the Relief and Provision of the Widows of Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as are now remaining, in the Hands of the late Paymaster of the said Money.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duty on Low Wines and Spirits, charged from the 5th 1765 to 5th July 1766, extracted from Corn, and the Number of Persons on whom the same was charged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duty on Low Wines and Spirits, charged from 5th July 1765 to 5th July 1766, extracted from Molasses, and the Number of Persons on whom the same was charged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Spirits for Home Consumption, extracted from Wheat, Flour, Malt, Barley, and' other Grain, likewise the Net Produce of the Duties upon such Spirits, from Christmas 1759 to Midsummer 1766; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Gallons of Com Spirits exported, for ThreeYears past, together with the Amount of the Bounty paid; distinguishing each Year from 5th July 1763, to 5th July 1766.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Spirits extracted from Wheat, Flour, Malt, Barley, and other Grain, for Foreign Consumption, with the Amount of the Bounties , granted on the Export of such Spirits, from 1750 to Midsummer 1766; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an. Account of the Number of Officers (with Amount of their Salaries) employed expressly on account of Distillers, working only for Exportation, from 5th July 1765 to ^th July 1766.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields, Moors, and Commons, in the Parishes of Langton and Woodall, in the County of

Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields, Moors, and Commons, in the Parishes of Langlon and Woodall, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Siblhorp do carry the Bill to the Lprds, and delire their Concurrence,

Vol. 31.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. llolford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road, from the Turnpike Road at Hatton, near the Borough of Warwick, through King's Norton, in the county of ,

and to the upper End of GaGreen, in the Parish of Bromsgrove, and to the Bell Inn, in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County of without

any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Pastures, in the Parish of Carlton, in Lindrick, in the County of , without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places in Colby and in the

Parish of Cojby, in the County of Leicester, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease or Grant made by the Honourable Loutfa Barbara Manfell, foie Daughter and Heir of the Right honourable BuJJy Lord Manfell, deceased, (now the Honourable Louisa Barbara Vernon, Wife of the Honourable George V Vernon) to Tovonfcnd, Esquire, for certain Purposes therein expressed, or to grant a new Lease thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of the House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Sir Nigel Grejley, Baronet, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts; and other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease or Grant made by the Honourable Louisa Barbara Manfell, foie Daughter and Heir of the Right honourable Buffy Lord Manfell, deceased, (now the Honourable Louisa Barbara Vernon, Wife of the Honourable George Venables Vernon) to Chauncy Totmfend, Esquire, for certain Purposes therein expressed, or to grant a new Lease thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee haddirefted him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, towards carrying on an additional Building for a more commodious Passage to the House of Commons, from Saint Margaret's Lane and OldPalace Yard.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in maintaining and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, under the Directioaof the Committee of Merchants trading to

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Fiv^ hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty upon Account, towards defraying the Expences incurred by the Committee of Merchants trading to Africa, in maintaining and supporting the Settlement and Garrifoa of

3 Y front

Warwick

thro’

Kinf’e NotMo Road.

Carlton

Inclosure,

Colby

Indofiire,

Manfell'*

Leafing.

GrefleyV.

Elliu,

Manfell’*

Leafing.

Supply.

g66

31" Marti — \° Jprilis.

A. 1767.

from the 29th D&y o(0 cipher 1765, to the zgth Day Hiquire, do attend the said Committee.Tot

of April 17G6, inclusive. morrow Morning.

Tiie Two First Hefolutions of the Committee, being

severally read a Second 'lime, were, upon the Question , Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The ftibfequent Resolutfen. of the Committee, being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the said Refoiution be re-committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred<to eottfitder feather of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Searing A Bill to enable His Majesty to settle certain An-Annuitics on n,u.ities on their Royal Higlpieifes the Dukes of York, '^York*80^ Giouceftct',wd Cumberland, was read a Second Time.

Gloucester, Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

awl Resolved, Th?t the Bill be committed tp a Cpmrnit-Cunabedanh: tee of die whole House.

- Resolved, That this House wHb Tomorrow Morn* ing, refolye htfeif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived, Committee*.

And then the House. adjourned till T.o-morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

GrefleyV

Estate.

Au ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for veiling Pert of the Estate of Sir Nigel Greftey, Ba-

rp.net, in the County of Stafford, iu Trulfees, to be feW, to rail’e Money for the Payment of Debts; *md

other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Firfe " in the hud County of Gloucester

Time,

Refolded, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Mercurity i° die April'n \

Anno 7' Georgii III1'* Regis, 1767.

Prays.rs.

ORDERED, Th.it Mr. Che added to the v Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of fevera) Persons, whose Names are thereunto fuh. feribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, lying in the Parish of in the County of Gloucester, and of Persons who are entitled to Tythes, and are Guardians, or Trustees, for Infants, entitled to Lands, or Tythes, within the said Parish of

Wilkrfrr

Inclosuit.

What*

Tlje Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, tp whom the Petition of several Merchants, His Majesty’s British Subjects, concerned in the Whale Fishery, on Behalf of themselves, and others, concem-

Mr. Cornezvall presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Parish of , in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ditto.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing certained in the said Fishery; and also the Petition of the Open Common Fields, and Uninclosed Meadows, in Royal Boroughs of Scotland, met at Edinburgh, the the Parish of in the County of Leicester, was

3pthDay of Jaiiuary, 1767; were severally referred; read the Third Time.

Ailefton*

Inclosure.

Resolved, Hi at tfris House will, upon this Day.Seveu-riigbt, resolve itself into the said Committee.

High Price ’ The Order of the Day being read, for the House to of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Prorifions. confer further of the present high Price of Provi-fipfls;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, rpfpjve itself into tfee fqid Committee.

Ure

East India The other Order of the Day being read, for the Company. House to resolve itself into p Committee of the whole House, to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this. House, do go with the Mace into the

Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summoit the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

. The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

~ Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had examined another Witness, and had made a further Prpgress in the Matter to them referred; qnd that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

lift hived, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, io inquire further iuto the State and Condition of the East India Company.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who wrere ordered io attend the said Committee thig Day, except tVarren -17

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, and Uninclosed Meadows, in the Parijfr of Aileftone, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Air. Thornton do carry the Bill to the Lorijs, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Lawrence reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making navigable the River Navigation, from fes Junction with the River Swale, to the Borough of Ripon, in the County of York, was re-committed.

That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ip his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Opce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to Or>e of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Amcotts reported from the Committee, to whom Doningta* the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields^ Feu Meadows, Common Fens, and other Commonable Inclosure. Places, within the Parish of Donington, in the County of Lincoln;and for embanking and draining the said

Fens and Commonable Places; was committed; That; the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Billv and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Oliver Shepherd, whose Property is of the yearly Value of£. 122. who-refused to sign the Bill, because there was no Clause therein to prevent Depopulation; and also except Nine

otfier

*c.

7 Geo. III.

Aprilis.

?7

tail

Duke of Bucdtugh’s Marriage Settlement.

of

Portland's

Agreement.

"71

w.

other Persons, whose Property amount? to the yearly Value ofj£. 114, who refused to sign the Bill; and that |lte whole Y’ajue of the Lands, for which Allotment? are to be made, amounts to £. 1,686 per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-poi'e the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a "Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; were, with several Amendments to One of them. agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ihgrofied.

A Menage from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Henry Duke of a Minor, to make a

Settlement on his intended Marriage with the Lady Elizabeth Montagu; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to vacate an Agreement made the Tenth Day of July, One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight, between the Molt Noble William late Duke of Portland, deceased, and Margaret Duchess of Portland,

then his Wife, and now his Widow, and the Right honourable, Thomas Lord Foley, also deceased, coo-corning a Building Lease to be granted to the said Lord Foley, of a Parcel of Land, in the Parish of Ma-rybone, in the County of and tp establish

and render effectual another Agreement, dated the ‘Thirtieth Day of January, One thousand Seven hundred and Sijcty-seven, concerning the Premises; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Tea, for Exportation, for Three Years, commencing imm Christmas 1764, and ending January 5th 1767.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Annultit«Son House to refoIVe itself into a Committee of the whole Dukeiof House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to settle certain Annuities on their Royal Highnesses the Dukes of York, Gloucester, mid Cumberland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequertook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please -to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 31.

Account;

Tea.

York, Gloucester, and Cumberland,

The Order of the Day being read, for the House tp resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tp consider further of the present high Price pfCorn;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself intp a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply granted, to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the RepPrt be received Tormorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Rfolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Pay being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; ' ‘ .‘

A Motion was made, an,d the Questfen being put. That the Petition of the Widows of the Commissiop and Warrant Officer? of the Royal Navy, which was presented to the House upon the 29th Day

of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the said Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolve^, That this House will, ,upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said.Commit^.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire further into the -State and Condition of the East India Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon 1Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire further into the-State and Condition of the East India Company.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, except Gregory, . Esquire, and M‘Giiire, Esquire, do attend the said Committee upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2* die /Jfrilis;

Anno 70 Georgii IIItK Regis, 1767. Prayers.

MR. Hewett'presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Farndon, in the CJounty of

> him:

High Price of Corn.

Wpyt

and Moans.

Supply*

East India Company*

Farndon

Inclosure.


58 2° Aprili. 1767.

ham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

St. Botolph An ingrossed Bill for paving, cleansing, and lighting, (London) that Part of the Parish of Botolph without

StreCT, in the County of Middlesex and the Precinct of Catherine, and for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the same, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that, the Title be, An Act for paving the Streets, and other Places, in that Part of the Parish of , which

lies in the County of M, and Part of a Street, , called East Smit/ifield, in the Precihft of Ca-

therines and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and preventing Ofeftruftions and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp Proctor do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Winchester, to the Sea, near Southampand for better

regulating the said Navigation.

Ordered, That Mr. Penton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Puke of to vacate an Agreement made the Tenth Day of July,

One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight, between A6reement> the Most Noble William, late Duke of Portland, deceased, and Margaret Cavendish, Duchess of Portland, then his Wife, and now his Widow, and the Right honourable Thomas Lord Foley, also deceased, concerning a Building Lease to be granted to the said Lord Foley, of a Parcel of Land, in the Parish of,

in the County of Middlesex, and to elhiblish and render effectual another Agreement, dated the Thirtieth Day of January, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, concerning the Premises, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

t:

Hull Mr. Ilewett presented to the House, according to Navigation. Order, a Bill for improving and extending the Navigation of the River Hull, and the or West

Beck, from the Port of Kingston upon into or near the Town of Great Driffield, and to Frodingham Bridge, in the East Riding of the County of And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Csflfe Mr. Hewett presented to the House, according to Sowerby Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, Inclosure. and several Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Castle Sowerby, in the County of Cumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Kingston A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Trades-

upon Hull men, of Leeds, in the County of York, was presented to Docks, the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Docks or other Conveniences for the Use or . Accommodation of Ships, lengthening the South End

Jetty, erecting Dolphins, and other Works, in the Haven and Port of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty to those Uses; and stating several Inconveniences, which, the Petitioners aJledge, will arise to the Commercial Interest of that County, if the said Bill should pass, as it is now framed: And therefore pray-; ing. That if the said Bill should pass into a Law, proper Provision may be made therein, with respect to the Duties on Ships, or Vessels, anchoring in the Roadstead of the said Haven, and not putting into the Haven, or Rivero (Hullsand that the Petitioners may have such

Relief as to the House shall seem adequate to their Cafe.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill

is committed.

Itching ’ An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render River more effectual, an Act, made in the 16th and 17th Navigation. Years of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act , . for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise paffable, for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, so far as the same relates to the River Itching, running from Alresford, through Winchester, to the Sea, near

ampton sand for better regulating the said Navigation; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the 16th and 17 th Years of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise passable, for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, so far as the same relates to the River Itching, running from Alresford, through

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made Chatteris in the 5th Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Fcrry*

Act for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and March, to Saint Peters, "

and from thence to TidjGote, in the Isle of Ely; anti from Wisbech aforesaid, through Outivelli to Downham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and for repealing the ' several Acts for repairing the said Road through Wif-lech and March, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris ana March,to Wif-

bech Saint Peters, and from thence to Tid Gote, in the Isle of Ely, and from Wisbech aforesaid, through Oul-ivell, to Downham Bridge, in the County of and for repealing the several Acts for repairing the said Road through Wisbech and March s and also for charging certain Lands in Waldersea, and on Wisbech South Side, towards the Repairs of the Waldersea, and South Side Banks, which, before the passing of the said Act, were liable to such Repairs.

Ordered, That Sir John Ilynde Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Anthony Abdypresented to the House, according Skelton

to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, , Ineiotip. and several Waste Grounds, within the Manor arid Parish of Skelton, in the County of Cumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.’-

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of to enable Henry Duke of Buccleugh,a Minor, to make Buccle«gl>'* a Settlement on his intended Marriage with the Lady Settlemcut. Elizabeth Montagu, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

I -

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom Owe the Bill for making navigable the River Ouze, from Navigation, below Widdington Ings, at or near Linton, to the Juiic-, tion of the Rivers Swale and Ure s apd for making navigable the said River Swale,from the said Junction, to -Morton Bridge; and also the Brook r unni ng from Bedale, to the River Swale, in the County of York; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: W*here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Onb; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the

House;

Tiir

?3

IV-

k

ytjEo. Ill, 2° Aprilis269

House; and several Amendments were.made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Cravjurdreported fiom the Comm it tee, to whom

* the Petition of several Gentlemen of the County

was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; ft‘1'1 he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

* *.* * 4

* a#*#*-

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, according to Order, Settling reported from the Committee of the whole House, to ^"nil!t1*3 oa whom the Bill to enable His Majesty to settle certain of York* Annuities on their Royal Highnesses the Dukes of Gloucester, York, Gloucester, and Cumberland, was committed, the and

Amendments which the Committee had made to the Cumber and* Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in . at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill;' with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill, for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Ayr, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Roads from AJton Popple, East of Nieto Milns, to Overmuir, in the Road to;

and from Kilmarnock, toGal/tozoand from Wateilide

o (Louden,where it departs from the Roads leading to Straven, towards Kingswell, till it falls into the aforesaid Road from Kilmarnock to Kingswell, and the Road from Apr, by Percleuan,to Dalnielling and the March of

the Shire, towards CarJ'phairn, all in the County of Apr.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Donington Open Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, and other j‘e'1 Commonable Places, within the Parish of Inc 0 ur*

in the County of Lincoln; and for embanking and draining the said Fens, and Commonable Places; was read the Third Time.

Befolvfid, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Donington, in the County of Lincoln,- and for draining and improving the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Amcotts do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tyburn A Petition of the several Trullees for the Poor of

the Town of Uxbridge, being Lords of the Soil of the An ingrossed Bill to enable the Trustees of the British ^ritith Road* said Town, and of several of the Inhabitants of the said to exchange, fell, or dispose of, any Duplicates

Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting of printed Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiosities, forth,.That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in a Petition of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Ux- the Purchase of other Tilings that may be wanting in, bridge has been presented to the House; praying, That or proper for, the said was read the Third

the High Road leading through the said Town of Ux- Time.

bridge, to the County of Bucks, may be included in the Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Bill ordered to be brought in for repairing the High- be. An Act to enable the Trustees of the British Mu-ways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of feum to exchange, fell, or dispose oft any Duplicates of Middlesex, and for other Purposes; and setting forth, printed Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiosities,

That the Inhabitants of Uxbridge have, at their own and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in Expence, raised the Road leading through the High the Purchase of other Things that may be wanting in.

Street of the said Town, which was formerly an exceed- or proper for, the said Museum.

ing bad Road, to its present Condition; and that the Ordered, That Mr. Cornewall do carry the Bill to the fame is now' kept in as good, if not better Repair than Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

it would be, should it be made subject to the Trusts of

the above Bill; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes Weihninster

the said High Road, lying within the Town of Uxbridge, of St. Margaret and John the Evangelist, St. Martin Paving.

should be put under the Direction of the Trustees to be the Fields, St. Clement Danes, St. Mary St.

appointed by the said Bill, it will be inconvenient and Anne, St. Paul, Covent Garden, the Liberty of the Rolls,

prejudicial in many respects to the Petitioners, and the Precinct of the Savoy, St. Giles in the Fields, and St.

the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town: And G within the City and Liberty of

therefore praying the House to take the Premises into minster, and County of Middlesex, whose Names are

Confederation; and that the Petitioners may be heard, thereunto subscribed, inBehalfofthemfelvesand others,

by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Inhabitants within the said several Parishes, was pre-

Bill, as direct the High Road, lying within the said fented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the

Town of Uxbridge, to be included in the said Bill. Bill to amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the several Acts passed in the Second, Third, Fourth,

Consideratkm of the Committee, to whom the Bill to and Fifth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for continue, and render more effectual. Three Acts for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of in the County of Middlesex; and for amending the Westminster, and other Places in the said Acts men-Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hamoell Heath,tioned; and for giving further Powers for those Pur-through the Parishes of Hamoell, NeiuBrentford, and poles; and setting forth. That the Petitioners appre-Ealing,to the Great Western Road in the said County; hend there are divers Clauses, Matters, and Things, in, and for lighting, watching, and watering, the Highway the said Bill, which do very materially affect ttyeir between Tyburn and Keijinglon Gravel Pits;is com- Rights, Privileges, and Interests: And therefore pray-mitted; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their ing, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel,

Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Peti- against such Parts of the said Bill, as the Petitioners con-tion, if they think fit. ceive to affect such their Rights, Privileges, and Inte-

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- rests, or that the Petitioners may have such other Remittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the lief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet, same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Petition. Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill

Vol. 31. 3 Z is

27° 2° Jprilis.

is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Longitude; Mr. Prescott reported from the Committee, to whom

TimeKee" ^ie ^etlf*on of several Merchants, and others, interested

me eeper. ^jsJavi^ation and Commerce of these Kingdoms,

was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition, is as follows:

Mr. William Harrison, Son of Harrison, produced to jour Committee, a Copy of a Minute, which he received from the Board of Longitude, dated the 9th of February 1765, winch was read} and is as follows:

" At a Meeting of the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, Sic. which was held at the Admiralty,

" on Saturday the 9th of February 1765:

" Mr. Harrison's Memorial, which was laid before

" the lafi Board, was again read; and the Commissioners " presenthavingtaken into ConliderationtheDifference " of Longitude between Portsmouth, in Great,

" and Bridge Town, in His Majesty’s Island of does,resulting from a Mean of corresponding Ailro-

" nomical Observations, made at both Places agreeable " to the Resolutions of this Board, of the 4th and 9th " oiAnguJl 1763, and to the Infiruftions given in con-

" sequence thereof; and having compared the said Difference with the Difference of Longitude between " the said Places, given by Mr. John Time

" Keeper; they are unanimously of Opinion, that, the " said Time Keeper has kept its Time with suficient " Correctness, and without losing its Longitude in the " Voyage from Portsmouth to beyond the

" peareft Limit required by the Act of the 12th of Queen " Anne, but even considerably within the same. But " in regard the said Mr. John Harrison hath not yet " made a Discovery of the Principles upon which his " said Time Keeper is constructed, nor of the Method " of carry ing those Principles into Execution, by Means " whereof other fuchTime Keepers might be framed of " suficient Correctness to find the Longitude at Sea " within the Limits by the said Act required, whereby ff the said Invention might be adjudged practicable and " useful jn Terms of the said Act, and agreeable to the " true Intent and Meaning thereof; the Commissioners " do not therefore think themselves authorized to grant " any Certificate to tire said Mr. John Harrison, until " he shall have made a full and clear Discovery of the " laid Principles and Method, and the same shall have " been found practicable and useful to their Satisfaftioi*.

« But they are notwithstanding of Opinion, that Application should be marie to Parliament, for Leave to " pay the said Mr. John Harrison, upon his producing " his Time Keeper to certain Persons to be named by this Board, and discovering to them the Principles and Manner of making the same, so much Money " as w ill make up the Sums already advanced to him,

" £. 10,000, exclusive of what he has received on account of improving his said Time Keeper: And " moreover, to pay him the Remainder of the Reward " of £. 20,000, on Proof being made, to the Satisfacffon of this Board, that his Method will be of commou and general Utility in finding the Longitude at " Sea, within the neareii Limits required by the abovementioned Act of the 12th of Queen Anne."

"Mr. Harrison's Son, who was attending, was called " in, and acquainted with these Resolutions, aCopy of " which he defit ed might be lent to his Father; and " then withdrew.

" BcjuUcd, That a Copy of the fume be sent to Mr.

A. 1767.

" John Harrijbn accordingly, in answer to his beforementioned Memorial."

A Copy.

Jif. Ibbelfon.

And the said Mr. WillilimHarrifon, being examined, informed your Committee, That he performed a Voyage to the West Indies, in order to make a Trial of this Time Keeper, by Direction of the Commissioners of Longitude:

That he arrived at Barbadoes the 13th of May, and returned home the 18th of July, 1764:

That his Father has received 10,000 as a Public Reward for the Discovery of this Time Keeper, besides some other Money for Experiments:

That the lull Payment of this Money was made on the 28th of October 1765, when he delivered his Time Keeper to the Commissioners of Longitude, ;and received the Sum of £. 7,500:

That prior to this, he had discovered the Principles of his Machine toPersons authorized by the Commissioners of Longitude, to examine him in relation thereto. In Confirmation of which, he produced to your Committee the following Certificate:

" We, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, do " certify, that Mr. John Harrison has taken his Time " Keeper to pieces in the Presence of us, and explained the Principles and Construction thereof, and every " Thing relative thereto, to our entire Satisfaction; and " that he also did, to our Satisfaction, answer to every " Question proposed by us, or any of us, relative thereto; and that wre have compared the Drawings of the " same with the Parts; and do find that they perfectly " correspond.

" Nevil,

" Bed Lion Square, " John Michell,

Augvjt the 22d, *765. " William

" John Bird,

" That.

" Mathews,

" Larcujn Kendall."

Then he informed your Committee, that these Drawings and the Explanation have been printed, and were published about the 14th of this Month, and he is of Opinion, that these Drawings and the Explanation are suficient to enable different Workmen to make Time peepers upon his Principle, that will answer the Purposes thereby intended.

Mr. Tho'. Mudge, a Watchr Maker, being examine^, said, that he was One of the Persons that received this Discovery of Mr. Harrison's Machine.

That the Drawings and Descriptions, given by Mr. Harrison to the Board, he thinks, would not enable a Workman to make such a Machine; but from the further Infiruftions given to him by Mr. Harrison, he is now able to make them as well as Mr. Harrison himself.

Being alked. Whether a suficient Number of these Time Keepers could not be made, so as to be of general Uie to the Public ? -

He said, that he thinks not; for-in the present State of Mechanism in this Kingdom, there is a great Scarcity of good Workmen in the Watch-making Business.

Being alked. What he knew in relation to any French Artist having discovered the Principles of this Time Keeper?

He said, that since the Discovery was made to him, he had made no Secret of it, but had explained the Principles to every Mechanic that alked him about it, and amongst others, toMonfieur who

is a Watch-maker at Paris, and who was in iu

February last, when the Witness gave him the bell Account he could of this Time Keeper; and he has lately had reason to think, that Monsieur Barthaud came to England to discover the Principles of this Machiue.

jajnes Short, Esquire, F. R. S. being examined, said, That he wrote to Monsieur DeLaland, of the; Academy

of

Ways and Means.

7 Geo. III. 20 — 3*

of Sciences at Paris, upon thisSubject, who informs him, that he knows little of what is doing at but he

has hearfl, that Monsieur Le Roy arid Monlieur Ihaud, Watch makers, are busy about making Marine Watches, though they give out, that they are only making Gridiron Pendulums, which he apprehends is to conceal their real Design.

That Monlieur LeMonier, another ofhisCorrefpon-dents at Paris, informs him, that a Premium has been offered there for Marine Watches, or Watches for finding the Longitude at Sea; in consequence of which, feme Marine Watches have been delivered in; that Mr. Barthaud appeared at this Competition after having been privately at Londons but that some other Competitors have succeeded better than he, particularly Monsieur Le Roy, who has made a Marine Watdi, which he (Monsieur Le Monier) has tried, and found to be very exact; but does not say what Trial he has made, nor the Degree of Exactness.

He then produced a Letter from Monsieur Barthaud, dated at Paris the 2d of February last, wherein he Informs him, that Monsieur Le Roy has made a Marine Watch; and that he is not the only one who is aiming at the Discovery; and since the Knowledge of the Suc-cefe of Mr. Ilarrifon, and the Reward given him, every little Watch-maker is endeavouring to make Marine Watches; and we shall fee what this Fermentation will produce.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved', That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, refofve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Pat erf on, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Six Shillings be laid upon every Dozen of Ball, or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-Hair Hats and Bonnets, which, from and after the First Day of April x 767,. shall be entered Inwards at any Port or Place in this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Mar jesty, an additional Duty of Six Shillings be laid upon every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Platting, or other Manufacture, of Ball, or Straw, Chip, Cane, or Horse Hair, to be used in, or proper for, making of Hats or Bonnets, which, from and after the said First Day of April, shall be entered Inwards at any Port or Place in this Kingdom.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Word " First," and inserting the Word " Second " instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Six Shillings be laid upon every Dozen of Ball, or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-Hair Hats and Bonnets, which, from and after the Second Day of April 1767, shall be entered inwards at any Port or Place in this Kingdom.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being "read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Word " First," and inserting the Word " Secoild instead thereof.

Vol. 31.

Aprilis. 271

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Six Shillings be laid upon every Pound Weight avoirdupois, of Platting, or other Manufacture of Bast, or Straw, Chip, Cane, or Horse Hair, to be used in, or proper for, making of Hats or Bonnets, which, from and after the said Second Day of April, shall be entered Inwards at any Port or Place in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Paterson, Mr. Chancellor -of the Exchequer, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Junior, Mr. PryfeCampbell, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read for the House Kingston to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, uP°n upon the Bill for makingDocks and other Conveniences, Dock*

for the Use and Accommodation of Ships, lengthening tlxe South End Jetty, erecting Dolphins and other Works, in the Haven and Port of the Town of Kingston ttpon Hull, and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty to those Uses;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the High Price whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn. ^orn*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Orflow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker retained the Chair.

Mr. Otiftow reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Onflozo also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may, have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refoRe itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Com.

And then the House, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 30 die Aprilis;

Anno 7* Georgii III*" Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hoiford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill j for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans, or Exchequer Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Militia for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of Pay and the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called Eng- Clothing. land, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven; for the more effectually punishingSeijeants, Drummers, and Filers, for Misbehaviour and Desertion; for securing Deserters from the Militia Regiments; and for explaining and amending so much ofan Act, passed in the last Session

272

3° Aprilis.

A. 1767.

Session of Parliament, as relates to inlisting Militia Men into His Majesty’s other Forces; without any Amendment: And also,

Hujreate The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An inclosuie. pjfr for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Parcels of Land and Grounds within the Manor and Township of in the

East Hiding of the County of York, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Shap A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, nc 0 ure. jn tj-,e Manor of S/iap,in the County of was read a Second Time.

rRcfolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Robivfov, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Upton, Mr. Mr.

Wilson, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Lau rence, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Lascelles, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Loiondes, Mr. , Mr. Calvert, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Milles, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bull, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Luther, Mr. De Grey, Admiral Cotes, Mr. Mr. Dyfon, Mr.

Wynn, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Mr. Howard; and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Westmorland, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, -

cqfier, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Reaoill A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, Indoiure. jn t|ie Manor of ReagilI,in the County of Westmorland,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Robinson, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Upton, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fuller, Mr, Wynn, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Sibthorp, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Prescott, Admiral Cotes, Lord Hoive, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Coventry, Colonel Howe, Mr.

Mr. Ijoxcndes, Mr. Howard, Mr. Milles, Mr. Bacon,

' Mr. Grey, Sir Charles Mr. Sir

Armine Wodehouse, Me Luther, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Fitzherbc Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr.

Dowdeswell, Sir William Beauchamp Lord

Coleraine; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Westmorland, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Lancaster, and York:. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Henfmgham Mr. John Robinson reported from the Committee, Indofuro. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, within the . Manor of Henfingh in the County of Cumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except James who is possessed of f. 16. a Year, who refused to consent; and except William Allenfon and Edward Steel, who are severally possessed of an Estate of Fifteen Shillings a Year, and who lived at a Distance, and who had been attended, but were not at home; and that the Whole of the Estates of the several Proprietors ’amounted to £.539 a Year; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and mftde several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Repprt was read.

AnyLthe House being informed, that some other Amendments are proper to be made to the said Bill; Refolded, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. John Robinson reported from the Committee, to Distingoci whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Com- toclofare. mon, within the Manor of Dislington,in the County of Cumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except FourPersons,whoareSeamenin Foreigtt Parts, whose Estates are of the Annual Value of 19. ior. and except Seven others, who could not he found at Home, whose Estates are of the Annual V al ue ofj£. 18, and except Five others, who, living at a Distance, had not been applied to, whose Estates are of the Annual Value of £.5. io.r.; and also except Henry Curwen,

Eftjuire, who refused to consent, whose Estate is of the Annual Value of^.i; and that the whole Annual Value of the Estates within the said Manor amounts to 408.

15*. and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereluito; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that some other Amendments are proper to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, Thai the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Sibthorp do make the Report Wootton from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing Inclosure, and inclosing certain Open Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Wootton, in the County of Lincoln, was committed.

Mr. Sibthorp accordingly reported from the said Committee, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same *0 be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to beveported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the.

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for making Navigable the River Ure Ure, from its Junction with the River Swale, to the Navigation. Borough of Ripon, in the County of York; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making Navigable the River Ure, from its Junction with the River Swale, to the Borough of Ripon, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Latorence do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that Mr. Huglifon, from Accounts; the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called sinkm8Fun^ in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Money issued out of the Sinking Fund, to discharge, from the 29th Day’ of September 1766, to the 25 th Day* of December following, the Annuities attending such Part of the Joint Stock, establiilied by an Act, made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, in respect of certain Navy, Victual-sing, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, as was redeemed in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session uf'ParliamentAnd also.

An

473'

ill'.

7 Geo. III. 30 Aprilis.

Ah Account of the Monies remaining uniflu ed, at tlid And then he withdrew*.

Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sum granted in the And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

last Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of The said Accounts are as followed); viz.

the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for One Year, be- ginning the 25th Day Of March 1766,

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Rurgefles, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Money issued out of the Sinking Fund, to discharge, from the 29th Day of September* 1766, to the 25th Day of December following, the Annuities attending such Part of the Joint Stock, established by an A(5t, made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, as was redeemed in pursuance of an Act mode in the last Session of Parliament-.

The Money issued out of the Sinking Fund, to discharge, from the 29th Day of September 1766, to the 25th t)ay of December following, the Annuities on £. 870,888. 5 being such Part of the Joint Stock of

Annuities, established by an Act, made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, as was redeemed in pursuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, amounts to the Sum of Eight thousand Seven hundred and Eight Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Seven Pence Three Farthings.

ia.

Exchequer, the 3d Day of April 17671

John Hu

To the tlonourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgefle6, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies remaining uniflued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sum granted hi the last Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1766;

The Monies remaining uniflited, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1766, amount to the Sum of One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds.

Exchequer,

the 3d Day of April 1767. John Hughfon.

Royal Assent ro Bills.-

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from His Majesty, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Uftier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty Vol. 31.

was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following;

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and Sixty-seven:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Six ty-seven; for the more effectual ly punishing Serjeants, Drummers, and Fifers, for Misbehvaiour and Desertion; for securing Deserters from the Militia Regiments; and for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed

1 A in

74 3* Aprilis. 7.

Royal in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to inlisting and Commonable Places in and in the

Ainit to Men into His Majesty’s other Forces: Parish of Cqfby, in the county of :

"'* An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields,

Powers of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth Common Pa shires,- and Parcels of Land and Grounds,

Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the within the Manor and Township of in the Fait

Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Riding of the County of York:

for repairing the Road from Spittlegale Hill, near Gran- An Act to enable John Bowes, Earl of Strathmore

/ham, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the and and Mary Eleanor Bowes, Countess of

County of Nottingham, as related to the Road leading Strathmore and Kinghorne, his Wife, the Daughter and from Fofon Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Little only Child of George Bowes, Esquire, deceased, to take Drayton, in the County of Nottingham: and use the Surname of Bowes only, pursuant to his

An Act for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells, Will, and the Settlement, executed previous to the in the County of Kent, to Swift's Den in the Parish of Marriage of the said Earl and CounteCs.

Elchingham, and from Front to PoffngiaorthGreat

Wood, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, leading An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to settle cer- Settling to Blackboys, in the County of Su/jcx: tain Annuities on their Royal Highneftes the Dukes of Annuities on

An Act to explain, alter, and amend, An Act for re- York, Gloucester, and Cumberland, was read the Third the y"k"of pairing and widening several Roads, leading from he- Time. G'louctiW

tween the Second and Third Milestones, on the Turn- llefolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill do pass: ana ’

pike Road between the Town and County of Poole and And that the Title be. An Act to enable His Majesty Cumberland. Winborn Minfer ,in the County of Dorset, to Bratton to settle certain Annuities on their Royal HiglmelTes

Corner, in the County of Somerset; and, for repairing the Dukes of York, Gloucester, and Cumberland. and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road in OThat Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do Brianfon,to or near a House called Foiitleroy'sFarm carry the Bill to the Ix>rds, and delire their Coucur-

House,in the County of Dorset: rence.

An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-feeond The House being informed, that Mr. Haldane, from Accounts!

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the the Coimnissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he duties0,1 Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, ’ *Mn,‘

Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through Bottef- pursuant to their Orders,

ford and Bingham, to NottinghamTrent Bridge; and from An Account of the Amount of the Duty on Low Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Not- Wines and Spirits, charged from the 5th July 1765 to tingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge,in the Town of Derby, 5th J 1766, extracted from Corn, and the Number of

and from the Guide Pof, in the Parish of Lenton,to Persons on whom the same was charged: And also,

Sawley Ferry; as relates to the Road leading from Gran- An Account of the Amount of the Duty on Low

tham to Nottingham Trent Bridge: Wines and Spirits, charged from 5th July 1765 to 5th

' An Act for repairing and widening the Road from July 1766, extracted from Molofles, and the Number of the Turnpike Road at Hatton,near the Borough of War- Persons on whom the same was charged: And also, tvich,through King's Norton, in the County of Wor- An Account of the Quantity of Spirits for Home cefier, and to the upper End of Gannow Green, in the Consumption, extracted from Wheat, Flour, Malt, Bar-Parish of Bromsgrove, and to the Bell Inn, in the Parish ley, and other Grain; like wife the net Produce of the of Bell Broughton, in the said County of Worcester: Duties upon such Spirits, from 1759 to Mid-

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted summer 1766: distinguishing each Year: And also, by an Act of the Second Year of the Reign of His pre- An Account of the Quantity of Spirits extracted from, sent Majesty, for erecting and building Two new Wheat, Flour, Malt, Barley, and other Grain, for Fo-Churches, and providing Burial Places, in the Town and reign Consumption, with the Amount of the Bounties Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: granted on the Export of such Spirits, from Chrifmas

An Act for confirming a Coutraft of Lease of Mines 1759 to MidJ'ummer 1766; distinguishing each Year: between Charles Duke of 2-ueenJbeny and Dover, of the And also,

one Part, and Patrick Crawfiird, James Crawfurd, and A11 Account of the Number of Officers, with the

Gilbert Meafon, of the other Part, and for enabling the Amount of their Salaries, employed expressly on account said Duke, and his Heirs of Entail, to grant Ideates in of Distillers working only for Exportation, from 5th Terms of the saidContraft: July 1765 to 5th July 1766.

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, And then he withdrew, called The Tam Moor, in the Township of Skipton,in And the Titles of the said Accounts were read, the West Riding of the County of York-, and for apply- Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the

ing the Produce thereof towards the Relief of the Poor Table, to be perused by the Members of the House, of the said Township: The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, a Par- Papers of this Sollion.

cel of Waste Ground, or Common, called Bishop Soil, in

the several Parishes of Hotoden and Eafring/on, and in Mr. Paterson, presented to the House, according to Supply Bill; t lie Parish or Parochial Chapelry of Blacktoft, in the East Order, a Bill for granting to I lit* Majesty additional Duties 00 Riding of the County of York: Duties upon Bast, or Straw, Chip, Caue, and Horse*

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, hair Hats, and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for Commons, Moor, or Waste Grounds, within the Ma- making the same, entered inwards, at any Port, or nors of North Anston and Todivick,in the County of Place, in this Kingdom: And the same was received:

York: and read the Fiill Time.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Waste That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Grounds and Sand Hills, called Layton Hawes, within

the Manor of Layton, in the Parishes of Poulton and Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House, Private Bifpham,in the County Palatine of Lancaster: upon Monday next, to proceed upon any private Bufr-

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, ness after Two of the Clock.

Meadows, and Stinted Failures, in the Parish of Carlton

in Lindrick, in the County of Nottingham: That there be laid before this House, an Account;

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of 2-7111 Ewife. 18 the

Longitude j Harrison's Timekeeper,

‘High Price of Corn.

7 Geo. III. 3° \ April275

the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1767, of the Two-sevenths Excise, granted by an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign fKing William and Queen Mary, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Mouse, a Copy of the Minutes of the Proceedings of the Board of Longitude, in relation to Mr. s Timekeeper, from the 16th August 1762 to the present Time;

and also, Copies of Mr. Harrif Letters of the 28th ORober and 5th November 1766, to Sir Charles Saunders, then First Commissioner for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Lord CVare do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the present high Price of Com.

The Lord Clare accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place} and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read} and are as followeth; vix.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Price of Com is, in many Places, frequently enhanced by the present System of Laws, relating to Badgers, Engrossers, Forestallers, and Regraters.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that a Committee be appointed to consider of the said Laws; and to report their Opinion to the House, which are fit to be continued, amended, or repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Importation of any Sort of Com, Grain, or Meal, which is allowed by any Act of this Session of Parliament, be admitted for a further limited Time, free of Duty.

Tl*fe First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Laws relating to Badgers, Engrossers, Forestallers, and Regraters; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of the same are fit to be continued, amended, or repealed.

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Clare, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord George Sackville, Mr Mr.

JDyfon, Sir Henry Bridgeman, Mr. Onslow, Sir Smith, Lord Howe, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. De Grex), Mr. Fuller, Mr. Calvert, Mr. ner, Mr. Fane, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John

Glynne, Lord Robert Bertie, Sir Mr.

Bootle, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fotmereau, Mr. Bull, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Dummer,' Mr. Foley, Lord Grey, Mr. Touchet, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Mr.

Bird, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Northey, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Coventry, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr.

Rigby, Mr. Keck, Mr. Sibthorp, Mr. Grenville, Mr. kinfon; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, and all who come are to have Voices.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said subsequent Resolution: And that the Lord Clare, Mr. Onjloiv, Mr. Cornwall, Sir Jarrit Smith, and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

VOL. 31.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Way* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ®^ean*‘ consider further of Ways and Means for. railing the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Godhard Hagen, and Co. George and Peter Clifford, John and William Robinson, Merchants of the City of London, in Behalf of themselves and their Correspondents, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.'Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the East-Indm whole House, to inquire further into the State and Company. Condition of the East India Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred: And that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, except Colonel Eyre Coole, Colonel Hector Monro, and Captain Staples, do attend the said Committee upon Tuifduy Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdeficcll have Leave to make Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Papers; Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies ln'dies. of all Orders and InitruCtions given by any of llis present or late Majesty’s Secretaries of State, or Secretaries of War, to any Officer commanding the Land Forces of His present or late Majesty, fervingin from the ill Day of January 1756 to the ill Day of Januaty 17 63.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to I Its Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Prise Campbell have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Pennoyer Watkins do attend this

House, upon Monday Morning next. EietUoii*

Ordered,

Wootton

Inclosure*

Private

Business.

Ht&eth’s

£ dates.

Greflcy’s

£ttate*.

276 3* — 6° Aprilis* A. 1767*

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Peate do attend this Mr. Abercrombij, Sir jfohn Major, Sir Robert

House, at the same Time. Mr. Be ft, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Campbell, Lord George Sackville; and all the Members And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn* who. serve for the Comities of Stafford, Chester, and

ing next, Nine of the Clock.; and for the Principality of Wales: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the — - — — ----- — Speaker’s Chamber.

Lunee> 6" die Aprilis;

Anno 7" Georgii III11' Regis, 1767, Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Wootton, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Wootton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being moved, in pursuance of the Order of Friday last, that Leave be given to move the House this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon, in the House, this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Leasehold Houses, late of ITill, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold and converted into Money, to be applied, together with other Part of his personal Estate, for the Benefit of his Children entitled to the same by virtue of his Will; and for confirming a Sale, Leases, and Contraft, made by his W’idow and Executrix, of other Parts of his Estate, for the Benefit of his said Children; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandy}, Sir Hugh Dalrymple, Sir AlexanderMr. j

Lord Fife, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Penton, Mr. Mr.

Fonnereau, Mr. Mi lies, Mr. Montagu, Mr; Ward, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Rushout, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Hewett, Lord Mr. JfW*

dell, Mr. Bull, Sir Richard Philipps, Colonel Mr. Barrow, Mr. Coventry, Sir Hardy, Mr.

Pryfe Campbell, Mr. Praed, Mr. Burrell, Sir Charles Kemys Ti/nte, Mr; iMwrence, Mr. Mr. Which-

cot, Mr. De Grexf, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Ewer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Hertford, Kent, Surrey, and Suffer: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hill's

Effatc*

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act A B;u for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Parados for veiling Part of the Estates, in the County Palatine Meadows, Pastures, and Wafie Grounds, in the Parish Inclosure. of Lancaster, settled upon the Marriage of Fleetwood Qf Famin the County of Nottingham, was read a Hejketh, Esquire, with Frances his Wife, in Trustees, to Second Time.

be fold, and for applying the Money arising from such Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thoro*

Sale in paying off divers Debts and Incumbrances af- ton, Mr. Heivett, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. fefting the fame; and for other Purposes therein Colonel Amherst, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Bejt, Sir Robert mentioned; and also for substituting m lieu thereof, a Ladbroke, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Fane, Mr. certain Estate in the said County, called Burne, lately Kynaston, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Dy/on, Mr. Sandys, Mr. purchased by the said Fleetwood Hejketh s was read a Coventry, Sir Charles Hardy, Lord George Sackville, Mr.

Second Time. Pryfe Campbell, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Mr.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Ellis ^orA Greij, Sir Joseph Mazvbey, Sir Henry Bridgeman, Cunliffe, Mr. Fuller, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Bejt, Mr Mr. Ward, Mr. Mr. Pen-

Mr. Norther), Mr. Foley, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bull, Sir ton> Mr. Milks, Mr. Gilbert j and all the Members who

Joseph Mawbei), Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Burrell, Mr. serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Lincoln, Leicester, Dowdeswell, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Shiffner, Sir John and And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five Hynde Cotton, Sir Richard Philipps, Colonel Ilervey, of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Fane, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Barrow,

Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Rajhkigh, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Manfel!*.

Mr. Praed, Lord Howe, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lawrence, for confirming a Lease or Grant made by the Honour-

Mr. Cavendish, Mr. Whichcot, Sir George Warren, Mr. able Louisa Barbara Manfell, Sole Daughter and Heir Robinson, Mr. P lamer, Mr Knight, Mr Bertie;and of the Right honourable Buffy Lord Manfell, deceased,

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, (now the Honourable Louisa Barbara Vernon, Wife of Chester, York, Cumberland, Westmorland, Durham, and the Honourable George Venables Vernon) to Chauncy Northumberland;and for the Principality of Wales: Townsend, Esquire, for certain Purposes therein ex*

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the pressed, or to grant a new Lease thereof, was read a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ladbroke, Lord Grey, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Grey, Mr. for vesting Part of the Estate of Sir Nigel Grejley, Plumptre, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gray, Mr. Wil-Baronet, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be braham, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Foley, Mr. Knight, Mr. Shifffold, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts; and ner, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Robinson, Sir other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Charles Hardy, Mr. Mr. Gore, Mr. Fonnereau,

Time. Mr. Chauncy Townsend, Mr. Sandys, Sir Jarrit,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilbra- Mr. Lawrence, Mr. Barrow, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr, ham Bootle, Mr. U ilbraham, Mr. I idler, Mr. Harris, Cust, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Frederick, Mr. - Mr. Holt, Mr. Bull, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bur- stone, Mr. Calvert, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Touchet, relt, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Grey, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lord and all the Members who serve for

Robinson, Mr. Doiodcjwell, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gray, the Principality of And they are to meet this

Mr. Lajielks, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Onftow, Mr. Garth, Mr. Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Bacon, Sir Anthony Abdy, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Pen- Chamber. ton, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Pennant, Mr.

Knight, Colonel Ilervey, Mr. Smith, Mr. Vane, Mr. Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to gcnnctt>5

whom Efim.

7 Geo. III.

6 Aprilis.

277

tl'i

Sa

Bromley

and

iti

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several undivided Estates, late of John Bennett, Esquire, deceased, and Ann Widow,

in the Counties of Surrey, Kent, and in Trustees, in order to effect a Partition between the said Ann Spencer, and the Devisees named in the Will -of the said John Bennett, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Lord George Sackville reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping Road*1*8" Repair, the Road leading from the High Road be* tween Bromley and F in the County of Kent, to Beggars Bush, in the Turnpike Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of was

committed; and to whom the Petition of the Inhabit* ants of the several Pari (lies of Weferham, Eden Bridge, Cozcden, and Ilar/field, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, on Behalf of themselves and others travelling the Roads therein after mentioned; was referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Favour of the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made federal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question. severally put thereupon, were, with an Admendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

blish and render effectual another Agreement, dated , the Thirtieth Day of January, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, concerning the Premises, was read a SeconcJ Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. well, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Tozvnjhend, Mr. Foley, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Fonnereau, Lord Grey, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Hyndc Cotton, Mr. Grey, Mr. Mr.

Lord Edward Bentinck, Mr. NMr. Holt, Mr. Ward, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Robinson Mr. Fuller, Mr. Ridley, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Sir Henry

Bridgeman, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Montagu, Mr. San-dys, Mr. Knight, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Ewer,

Mr. Whitjhal, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Sir Armine

WodehouJ'e, Mr. Wynn, Sir John Delaval, Mr. neux;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Noftinghain, Worcester, Gloucester, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at -Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

An ingrotjfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An TalW» Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John Talbot the ^ite5* Younger, Esquire, settled on his Marriage, in Trustees, for raising a further Sum of Money, for discharging Debts and Incumbrances, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Northey, Mr. Harris, Mr. Gore, Mr. Holt, Mr. Befi, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Penton, Mr. Robinson, Lord Grey,

Mr. Pennant, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Whichcot, Sir daunt, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Burke, Mr. Tozvnjhend,

Mr. Kynqston, Mr. Thurlow, Sir Fletcher Norton, Mr.

Shiftier, Sir George Armytage, Lord Mr. Pres-

colt, Mr. De Grey, Sir Roger NeMr. Weddell, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Jaclcfon, Mr. Hopkins, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Amcotls, Sir John Hynde Cotton,

Sir William Codrington, Mr. lleivett, Mr. Darker; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, Dorset, Gloucester, Devon, and Corn-

wall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Fart of Abingdon’s Eitaiej.

Duke of Portland’s Agreemei t.

Mr. Channcy Tozcnfendreported from the Committee,

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging Part of the settled Estates of Willoughby Earl of Abingdon, in the County of for another Estate of greater Value, in the County of Berks, to be settled in lieu thereof; and for othor Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. ChauncyTownfend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vacate an Agreement, made the Tenth Day of July, One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight, between the Moll noble William late Duke of Portland, deceased, and Margaret Cavendish Duchess of Portland, then his Wile, and now his Widow, and the Right honourable Thomas Lord Foley, also deceased, concerning a Building Lease to be granted to the said Lord Foley, of a Parcel of Land, in the Parish of Marybone, in the County of Middlesex, and to ella-

VOL. JI.

Rotherham

and

Hartcliff

Road,

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to \yhom the Bill for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from through the Parish of Penifon, in the County of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of and also

the Road from Rotherham, in the said County o to IIart cliff IIill, in the said Parish of so far

as relates to the Road from Rotherham to Hartclijf Ilill; is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of to enable Henry Duke of Buccleugh,a Minor, to make B icclengh’a

a Settlement on his intended Marriage with the Lady Marriage Elizabeth Montagu> was read a Second Time. ett *mcut‘

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Tozvnjhend, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Chancelhir of the

Exchequer, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Oiylozv, Mr. Campbell,

Mr. Thomas Tozvnjhend, Junior, Mr. Ilerccy, Mr.

Cooper, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Treasurer of the I loulhold,

Mr. Dozcdefzvell, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Comptroller of the Houshold, Lord Grey, Sir George Warren,

Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Brand, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Rigby,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Dyfon, Lord Strange, Mr. Whichcot,

Mr. Knight, Lord Hozve, Sir Joseph Mazvbey, Sir Nezcdigate, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Mr.

PreJ'cott, Lord Burglterjh, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Gascoyne; and all the Members who serve for North Britain:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chr mber.

4 B Lord

278 6° Aprilis. ’ 1767*

Brnyk Lord George Sackvitlepresented to the Hoilfe, ac- Tlqit the Bill be committed.

Park Cor(iing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit-Inclosure. pa^ej of Ground, called Broyle Park, within the tee of the whole House.

Manor of Ringmer,in the County of Suffer:And the Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-

fame was received; and read the First Time. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whold

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. House, upon the said Bill.

Tentcrden, Mr. Knight reported from the Committee, to whom Road "the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, in the Town of Tenterden, to and over Bull Green, and to and through the Town of Great Chart,to a.House, known by the Sign of the Castle, at the Entrance of the Town of in

the County of Kent; and also the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid, to Heath; and also the

Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid, through///jy/t Jlalden,to Dafimanden, in the Parish of Biddenden, in the said County of Kails was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Brooming and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

Cooper’* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ate5‘ Sale of the real Eft ate of Tomkinfon Cooper, and Ann his Wife, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sales in the Purchase of other I^mds and Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the said Tomkinfon Cooper, and Ann his Wife, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Dike’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estates. vcfting Part of the settled Eltates of Sir Dyke,

Baronet, lying in the Counties of Oxford, Suffer, and Kent,in Trustees, inTruft, to be sold, for raising Money to discharge a Mortgage Debt, affecting other Parts of the said settled Eltates; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Rest presented to the House, according to Maidstone Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Roai granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone, at the Upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a certain Place, called Tubb's Lake,in the Parish of in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Preservation to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act made of in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, &c‘ intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preservation of Filli in Fish Ponds, and other Waters, and Conies in Warrens, and for preventing the Damage done to Sea Banks, within the County of Lincoln, by the breeding Conics therein; so far as relates to the taking and de-stroying of Fish, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to explain and amend so much of the said Act, as relates to preventing Damage being done to Sea Banks, within the County of Lincoln, by the breeding Conies therein.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a par- Account; ticular Account of the Expences incurred by continuing African the Garrison established by the Committee of the Com- Company, pany of Merchants trading to Africa, at Senegal, from the 29th Day of October 1763, to the 29th Day of April 1766.

Ordered, That Mr. Thorold Lowdell do, Tomorrow city of Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to London; whom it is referred to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the u(^(.!n"s’ Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred.

Ordered, That Mr. William Pierson do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Collinfon do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

TOtto. An Ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Eltates of Sir John Dixon Dyke, Baronet, lying in the Counties of Oxford, Suffer, and Kent,in Trustees, in Trull, to be sold, for raising Money to discharge a Mortgage Debt, affecting other Parts of the said settled Eltates, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cooper’s An ingrossed Bill from the Ix>rds, intituled, An Act Estates. for Sale of the real Ellate of Tomkinfon Cooper, and Ann his Wife, and for laying out the Money, arising from fueli Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the said Tomkinfon Cooper, and Ann his Wife, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read aSecondTime.

Mowgrave A Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance, Seton *n l'ee pimple, of divers Manors, Lands, and Heredi-Manors. taments, in the County of York, detnifed to

Phipps, Esquire, by Letters Patent, under the Seal of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, unto the said Constantine Phipps, and John Phipps his

eldelt Son, upon a full and adequate Consideration to, be paid for the fame, was read a Second Time.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom Foundling the several Accounts and Ellimates which have been Hospital. presented to the House, in this or any former Session of Parliament, relating to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of expol'ed and deserted young Children, were referred; and who were to consider of the present State of that Hospital, and of the rnoft proper Means for the future Support and Employment of the Children who have been received into the said Hospital; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had consideredthe present State of the said Hospital; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in hi*

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

It appears, from the Accounts referred to your Committee, that the Number of Children belonging to the said Hospital, and maintained at the public Expence, on the 3 ill Day of December 1766, were 4190 (though,

by Mistake in the Account presented to the House upon the 17 th Day of February last, it appears there were only 4183) the Ages of which were as followeth j viz.

From

Supply Bill; Duties oft Hats*

Answer to Address lor Papers.

Sainton’s

Petition for

Recompence.

7 Geo. III.

From 6 to 7 Years of Age

From 7 to 8 Years

From 8 to 9 Years -

From 9 to io Years

From io to ii Years -

And from 12 Years of Age and above - ^6i

4i9°

But it appeared upon the Examination of Taylor While, Esquire, the Treasurer, that, out of the 61 Children above mentioned, some of them were Idiots, some blind, some lame, and others employed as Servants in the House, which he gave as a Reason why they were not put out.

And it further appeared to your Committee, that the whole Number of Children placed out in the lait Year amounts to 261.

Whereupon your Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Children belonging to the Foundling Hospital, be placed out Apprentices, to Husbandry, Manufactures, or to the Sea, or other Service, as soon as the Ages and Abilities of such Children shall admit of it, and proper Mailers and MistrelTes can be provided for them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there may be allowed to every Mailer or Millrefs who shall take any such Apprentice, upon the Terms hereafter mentioned, a Sum of Money, at the Discretion of such Governors and Guardians(having regard to the Age, Sex and Ability of each Child) not exceeding the Maintenance of such Child for One Year, to be paid at such Time or Times, and in such Portions, as shall be agreed upon between the Governors and Guardians and the Master or Millrefs for that Purpose.

BeJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that noMaleChildlhould be bound longer than until his Age of 21 Years, and that no Female Child should be bound longer than her Age of 21, or Marriage; and that the Mailer or Millrefs should be obliged by proper Covenants to find and provide such Apprentice all necessary Clothes, Provisions, and Inltruftions, during the Time of their respective Apprenticeships.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Ball, or Straw', Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the same, entered Inwards, at any Port, or Place, in this Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloui’e, upon

the said Bill.

Air. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Address of Friday last, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copies therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty: and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The House was moved, that the Report, which, upon the 26th Day of February last, was made from the Committec, to whom the Petition of DoCtor and Mary his Wife, Devilee and Executrix of Ann A Sion, deceased, w'ho was the Devilee and Executrix of Mary Daffy,deceased, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to w'hom it is referred

Vol. 31.

*7 9

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. browning and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, iiititilled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Brick Kiln on East Mailing Heath, to the Turnpike Road on Pembury Green-, and from Brand Bridges to the Wents, near Mat field Green, in the County of with-

out any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repair and widen the Road from White Crqji, to the Town of Bridlington, in the Eall Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, w'ithin the Manor and Parish of Newton, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to order so much of the personal Estate, of George Minchin, deceased, as now Hands in the Name of the Accountant General of of the said Court, to be transferred and paid to Paul Minchin and Henrietta Minchin-, the only Children of the said George Minchin, without their giving any Security to refund the fame; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said ingrafted Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for hearing at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Complaint made to this House, that, in Breach of the Privilege of this Hoilfe, William Colby, Clerk, and Alexander Thomas, Gentleman, had brought Actions of Trespass on the same against John Merrick, Esquire, late High Sheriff of the County of Pembroke, for refusing their Votes at the late Election for a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the said County; and that Albany Wallace, Samuel Cooper, Attornies at Law, and Thomas Watson, Clerk in the Exchequer, acted as Attornies in the said Actions;

A Motion was made, and the Question being propo-fed, That the Hearing of the Matter of the said Complaint be adjourned to this Day Sevennight;

The said Motion was, with the Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Member present informed the House, that he was authorized, by the Parties concerned in prosecuting the several Actions, to undertake to the House, that the said Actions should be discontinued.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Complaint be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Morn-

ing next.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend this House this Day, do attend this House upon Thurslay Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Provisions.

Resolved, That tins House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve Itself into aCommittee of the whole House; to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

Resolved, Th^t thisHousewill, upon Wednesday Morning nextj resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

6* Aprilti.

Mailing

Heath,

He.

Road*

White Croft and Beverley Road.

Newton

Inclosure*

Minchin’s

Estate;

Privilege;

Pembroke

Election.

High Price of

Prdvifibn*

High Price of Com*

Way* and Meant;

a8o

Supply. Refilled, That this House, will, upon

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conlkler further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Account; Ordered, That Mr. Paterson have Leave to make a

-7thj£xcise. ^lotion, it being near Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Friday last, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1767, of the Two-Sevenths Excise, granted by an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary,after satisfying all Charges and Incum-btances thereupon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies that remained intheReceipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of 1767, on the T wo-Sevenths Excise, granted by an Act of Parliament of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, for the Half Year then ended.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Straw Hats. Account of the Quantity of Chip and Straw Hats imported, from Christmas 1759 to 1766; distin-

guishing each Year.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an China Account of the Drawbacks paid on the Exportation of

Earthen Ware. Qjjna £artben Ware, in Three Y'ears last palt; diliin-guishing each Year, and to what Countries the Exports were made.

Account; Ordered, That there belaid before this House, an Ac-Liuens. connt of the Quantities of foreign Linens imported into

England, for Five Years, ending at Christmas 1765; distinguishing the several Species imported in each Year, and the Duties paid on each Species respectively.

Ditto. - Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of foreign Linens exported from England, for Five Years, ending at Christmas 1765; distinguishing the several Species exported in each Year, the Countries to which exported, and the Drawbacks paid on each Species respectively.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow-Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 70 die Aprilis \

Anno 7* Georgii III. U Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

Account; Q'R DERED, That there be laid before this House,

DUpofable an Account of Monies remaining in Flis Majesty’s omes* Exchequer, disposable by Parliament.

Ouze An ingrossed Bill for making navigable the River avigation. Quze> from t,e]ow Widdi Ings, at or near Linton, to the Junction of the Rivers Szvale and Ure; and for making navigable the said River Swale, from the said Junction to Morton; and also the Brook

running from Bedale, to the River in the County of York s was read the Thud Time,

1767.

The Amendments following were lcvcrally prouofed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 45.1. 26,7 To leave out " of l'uch Quarter Sef-27.5 "lion."

Pr. 53. 1. 2. Before the first " or" to insert " for the " River Szvale and Pr. 61.1. 28. To leave out " at the Locks to be " erected upon," and insert " from " the Navigation of" instead there-- of.

Pr. 65.1. 14. To leave out " I.oek" and insert Toll*

' " or" instead thereof.

Pr. 86.1. 15. After " Ouze" to insert " from."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making navigable the River Ouze, from below Widdington Ings, at or near Linton, to the Junction of the Rivers Swale and Ure; and for making navigable the said River Swale, from the said Junction to Morton Bridge; and also the Brook running to the River Szvale, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. LaJ'celles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Kingsto* principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Pontefract, in uP°n Hull the County of York, whose Names are thereunto sub- Doc"* feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, from the Votes of the House, that a Bill is brought in, for making Docks and other Conveniences, for the Use and Accommodation of Ships resorting to the Harbour of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and that the said Bill, if it pafl’es into a Law, will subject to couliderable Duties, not only such Ships and Vessels as shall be benefited by the Docks, but all other Ships and Vessels as shall only pass by the said Harbour, or call Anchor in that Part of the River Humber, commonly called Read: And

therefore praying. That, in case the said Bill ilia.Il pass into a Law, Provision may be made therein to except from Payment of the new Duties, all Ships or Vessels going to, or coming from, any Port in this Kingdom, down or up the Rivers of Trent or Ouze, and not going into the Haven of Hull, or making use of any of the said new Works for Improvement of the said Haven.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Dittqj Traders, of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York,was also presented to the House, and read; Also taking Notice of the said Bill; and alledging, That the Petitioners humbly apprehend it would be highly uil-reasonable that any Ship, Sloop, Keel, or Vessel, passing through the Humber, into any of the navigable Rivers in the commercial County of Yorkawl never putting into the said Haven or Port, should be loaded w'ith any new Duty towards defraying the Expence of those Improvements: And therefore praying, Tlut proper Provisions may be made in the said Bill, to exempt all Ships, Sloops, Keels, and Vessels, passing through the Humber,into any of the navigable Rivers of the County of York, and not putting into the said Haven, or Port, from the Payment of any of the said new Rates or Duties.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Docks and other Conveniences, for the Use and Accommodation of Ships, lengthening the South-end Jetty, erecting Dolphins, and other Works, in the Haven and Port of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty to those Uses, is committed.

01 A£?tition of 1116 Prisoners confined for Debt in the Distreiw Sheriff s Ward at Bodmyn, in the County of Cornwall, Debton.

was

6° — 7* Aprilis.

1

7 Geo. III. 7" Jpril28?

wag prd'cnted to the IIoufc, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

London Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, Coal Meter’s to whom the Rill to prevent Frauds and Abuses in office* the Admeasurement of Goals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of , and the Liberties

thereof, and between the Tower Dock and Hole, in the County of was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Hotrfe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Question severally put thereupon, several of them w > disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the Hdufe; and ieve< d Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with die Amendments, te ingross’ed.

The House being informed, that Mr. Speer, fron.; the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in and, at the Bar, presented to the Hoafe, purfuafit t( " their Address to His Majesty,

An Account thewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1766 has been disposed of; diltin-guished under the several Heads, until the 7th Day of April 1767, and the Parts remaining Unfatjsfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account Was read.

The said Account is as folleweth; viz.


Vol. 31

4C

A11

An ACCOUNT Hiewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1766 has been disposed of; distinguished under the fereral Heads, until the 7th Day of April 1767, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

09

O

CQ

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

(S

FT

2 y-

SERVICES.

For the Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 16,000 Men, including 4,287 Marines, from the

1 ft of January 1766....

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1766 -

\ Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships, Docks, Building Slips, Wharfs, and Storehouses, for the

I Year 1766....

[Towards paying off, and discharging the Debt of the Navy -

For Ordnance, Sea Service -

H , For Ditto, - - Land Service -

® \ For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in 1765 ——

2D

For defraying the Charge of 17,306 Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guemfy, and Jerfy, for the Year 1766 - -- -- - ....

For the Fay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1766 ——

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the Ceded ] Hands, and Africa, for the Year 1766 ——

More for Ditto, out of Money remaining of the Grant, for defraying the Charge of 3 Independent Companies of Foot, to be raised for His Majesty’s Service on the Coast of Africa, and for Provisions for the lame,- for the Year 1765.....-

392,183

s*

2,321 14 IO-J


*2

For defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irijk Establishment of 2 Troops of Light Dragoons, and of 6 Regiments of Foot, serving in the Ijlc of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the ceded IHands, for the Year 1766 -

For Pen Hons to the Widows of the re.luced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1766 -

For the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, upon Account, for the Year 1766 -

For the Charge of Full-pay, to Officers reduced with the 10th Company of several Battalions reduced from 10 to 9 Companies, and who remained on Half-pay on the 24th Day of 1765, for the Year 1766 ——

Towards defraying the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, upon Account, for the Year 1766 -

Towardj defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred to the 24th of January 1766, and not provided for by Parliament ----- 404,310 16 6J

More out of Monies or Savings, arisen from the Pay of the Land Forces in the Hands of the Paymaster General - - 74,777 14 —


To enable His Majesty to discharge such unsatisfied Claims and Demands, for Expences incurred during the late War in Germary, as appear to be due by the Reports of the CommdTior.ers appointed by His Majesty, to examine and state such Claims and Demands -To enable His Majesty to complete the Payment of£. 1 $0,000, stipulated by Treaty to be paid to the LanJgrave of Hijfe Cajfcl, in Extin&iori of all Demands, under the Title of reasonabJc Succour, or otherwise

796,400-----

4*1983 3

a77*3°°-----

1,200,000 —

41,600 — —

180,445 19 3

35,061 6 2

605,608 19 9

11,291 8 6 -

394>5S

3}

7,995

1,614 — — 138,674 —

5,718 6 8 109,875 16 8

479,088 10 61 106,043 13 8i 50,000 --- —

Sums voted-

£ ' '

2,680,663 6 3

aS7»*or 5 5

1,910,413 8

Sums paid.

£ '

2,680,683 6 3

*57.107 5 5

1,910,413 8 6f

Remains to be paid.

J,

g:

S*

<1

ON

c

p

Oo

Tnuarru'-. Kv* ^uarJ5? 1 ie fz? and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, beginning the 25 th Day of March 1766 - -

Trt mw inS Trustees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trust repo fed in them by Parliament - -

of H *a<?d» tg> - 1r^e l^e Prlnc, Pa^ Sim* of £. 1,000,000 in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act of the 4th Year M1 aJelty s Eeign, and charged upon the first Aids granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year 1766, together with Interest

and Charges attending the same - - . _ ! ..... 1

o pay off and discharge the principal Sum of £. 800,000 in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act of the 5th Year of His Majesty’s fame11* UP011 the First Aids granted for the Service of the said Year 1766, together with Interest and Charges attending the

For maintaining and supponing the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1766....

°Parliamti t FxPences* ^or Service of Nwa Scotia, in the Years 1750, 1751, 1752, 1762, and 1763, and not provided for by

Charges of the Civil Establishment of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from 24th of June 1763

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of Fnft Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from 24th June

,1765 to 24th June 1766..... Z - .

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establiftunent of West Floridoy and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from 24 June

176510247^1766..... . . . .

For defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1766 -

ror defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Government of Senegambia, for the Year 1766 -

?r maintaining and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa -

Towards enabling the Governors of the Hospital for exposed and deserted young Children, to maintain and educate such Children as were received into the said Hospital on or before the acth of March 1760, from the 31st of December 1765 exclusive, to the 31st of December 1766

inclusive - -..... _ . ....

More towards Dittox out of the Sum remaining uniffued of the Monies granted by Parliament, for the Use of the said Hospital, for the Year 1765 - _ . _ , . . ....

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted A# 1758

on 5th July 1765' . .....-

To replace to D° the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted A° 1763, on the 10th October 176$" - ‘ - - _

To replace to D° the like Sum issued thereout, for paying Annuities at per Cent, for One Year, ended the 29th of September 1765, which A&C Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in and cancelled, pursuant to an

To replace to D° the like Sum issued thereout, for paying the Charges of Management of the said Annuities 2 Years and }, to the 29th of September 1765 ——

To replace to D° the like Sum issued thereout, to pay 3 Months Annuity to the 25th of December 1765, on £.870,888. 5/. 51 Part of ti e said Annuities, which was paid off and redeemed, pursuant to an Act 50 Georgii 3 d1 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1764, at Lady Day 1766 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1764, at Michacmai 1766 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Year 1765, voted £.292,828. — 4*/.; but there bring a Saving of £% 1,500 in the Grant for the Civil Establishment of Senegambia, for the Year 176$, the said Deficiency will be satisfied with -Towards th*j extraordinary Expence of His Majesty’s Mint, pursuant to an Act of Parliament 1® Georgii 3tl1 -

For redeeming One Third Part of the remaining Capital Stock of Annuities, granted in respect of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in and cancelled, pursuant to an Act 30 Georgii 3lli - -

For D fcount on prompt Payments allowed the Contributors of £.1,500,000 raised by Annuities and a Lottery, pursuant to an Act 6° Georgii 3d1 -

150,000 — — I 2,000 1 \ 151 2,000 — — 1

I 1 1,051,763 8 4 \ 1 ,051,763 8 4 1

814,127 7 81 1 4,866 j S 814,127 7 81 j 4,866 3 S I

1 8,008 '12 7 1 8,008 12 7 \

3,9*6 1 3,986 1

5,250 1 5,250 I

5,300 1 1.78+ 4 " 1 5,550 13,000 — — 1 5,300 I 1,7*4 4 — 1 >5,500 13,000 — — 1

52,725 1 I

1,167 lO — 1 I 33,89* *0 — 33,892 10 — I

45,56* 7 wfv 29,211 12 6 1

i 227,7* *5 *i 1 227,7*2 IS *i

I 4,898 «4 I I 8,708 17 7iJ I *75.94 "1 j 1205,717 13 *i . 1 175.904 11 111 i j 205,717 13 *1

I 291,328 — 4i 1 4.944 — *i I \ 284,67* »6 3, I 4.944 — 1

1 870,888 5 5 j 1 870,888 5 5»

\ 5.097 6 1 1 5>°97 6 11

£. 1 8,7*9,334 *9 I ll I 8,572,629 15

SO-----

*4

O

M

O


6,655 4

156,705 4

o

(Q

r-+

n"

CD

CL

cr

OO

-T

£* 7so,oco — — *»oooo,oooo — — *>800,000 — —

1 *500,000-----

*>190,000 — — 80,000 —

181,000-----

453 1 J0

6o,coo — —

8,321 14 10J

74*777 *4 — 1,167 10 —

*8,#oo —

5,000 — —

Ways and Means towards the said Services.

By the Malt Duties continued Anno 1766.

By 4/. per Lib. on Land,

By Exchequer Bills charged on the ne*ft Aids to be granted in Parliament.

By Annuities and a Lottery.

Out of the Sinking Fund.

Grafted for Pay and Clothing the Militia Anno 1765, and not issued for that Service.

Of the Monies agreed to be paid by the French King, for the Maintenance of the late French Prisoners of War.

Out of the Duties charged upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Sanga and Gum Arabic, by an Act 50 Georgii 3tU.

Out of the Duties granted or continued by an Act 4* Georgii 3tU. as u ere directed to ne reserved in the Exchequer, to be disposed of by Parliament, towards the Expenses of defending, protesting, and feeuring, the Britljk Colonies in America, 3cc.

Remaining of the Grant for 3 Independent Companies of Foot, for His Majesty’s Service on the Coast of Africa, & c. for the Year 1765.

ArUen by Savings from the Pay of the Land Porces.

Remsairting of the Monies granted for the Use of the Foundling Hospital, for the Year 1765.

Out of Monies arisen from the Sale of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War.

Out of Monies arisen. by Sale of Lands in the Islands ceded to His Majesty by the late Treaty of Peace.

8,632,720 — *i

96,^14 i8 7f Deficiency of the Ways and Means,

/8,7*9.334 >9 3l

Towards satisfying the Services unpaid.

There remain# in the Exchequer, of the Monies arisen by the Sale of French Prizes, taken before the Declaration of the late War -

Of the Duties granted and continued by an Act 40 Georgii 3th, which were directed to be reserved in the Exchequer, and applied towards the Expences of defending and protecting the British Colonies in America, &c* - - - "

These Duties having produced into the Exchequer to the 5th of April 1767 no more than £. 27,470. 15s. w\J. and having been given for £.60,000, these remains to be raised or made good ——

£ r. </.

*2,174 II — i

5,386 IO 4!

3 *,5*9 4 — i

60,090 5

b>

OO

Deficiency of the Ways and Means granted to anAverthe Sendees But if the Sum wanting to complete the above £ 60,000, be added

96,614 18 7i~

JM29 4 — f

The Deficiency will then be

2 8

Memorandum 1 The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided 5 are, as follow; viz*

For the late Marine Regiments -

For the late African Company’s Creditors -

For Georgia Bills, Residue of £. 15,496. 191. i|</. - -

Towards building a Lazaret -

Presented the 7th Day of April 1767, by me

£- d.

10,306 5

- 900 is 10

570 »7 7 i

5,000 — —

£ *6.977 >5 11

IV. Speer.

o\

S ST

7 Geo. III.

7° jiprilis.

285

Whitchurch

thro'

Burlcvdem

-Road.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the

Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

A '

Mr. Chohnondclcyreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to repair and widen the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, t6‘the Turnpike Road between Nantwich,in the County of Chester, and New-

caJllc-under-Line; and from to Nantioich

aforesaid; was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wereOnce read

Common, upon the Wades and Commons within the said Manor and Parish; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosingalargeCom-mon Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, commonly called Skelton Pasture,tying within the said Manor and Parish;

and that the Petitioners apprehend such Division and Inclosure will be extremely prejudicial and in jurious to them and many others: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Skelton thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Tene- Indofu/e.

Longitude; Harrifoo’s Time Keeper.

o , T. /-v 1 1 ments within, and Parcel of, the Manor and Forest of

throughout; and then a SeeoudTane.pii' by One; and, j in the County of and at such

intfm fhelJiit lhftn Ipvppflllvnjif fhprpnnmi ivprp uorroon . n/ _ _ J n 7

having night of Common of Failure, and other Pnv> leges, in and upon the Wades and Commons, of and within the said Manor and Forest, on Behalf of themselves and divers others, intereded in the said Wades and Commons, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, in respect of their said

upon the Quod ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Reverend Mr. Adro-

nomer Royal at Greenwich, do, upon Morn

ing next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to several Lands and Tenements, and of a Yearly Rent,

whom it is referred to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and others,intereded in the Naviga-

tion and Commerce of these Kingdoms, was referred.

Ordered, That Mr. — ----- Ibbetfon, Secretary to the Commissioners of Longitude, do attend the said Committee, with the Books containing the Proceedings of the said Commissioners, at the same Time.

Sowerby

Inclo/ure.

The House was moved, that the Petition of John Soiver by,ofSoicerbyRow,in the Parish o in the County of Cumberland, Gentleman, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto fub-Icribed, being Owners of Lands and Tenements, within the Manor and Parish of Castle Sowerby aforesaid, and having Right of Common on the Wades and Commons, tying in the Manor and Parish aforesaid, on Behalf of themselves and many other Persons intereded in the said Wades and Commons; and also, the Petition of the several Persons w hole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Tenements within, and Parcel of the Manor and Forest of Inglewood, in the

Skrkon

Inclosure

County of Cumberland, and as such having Right of Common of Padure, and other Privileges, in and upon the Wade and Commons, and within the said Manor and Fored, on Behalf of themselves, and divers others, intereded in the said Wades and Commons; which were severally presented to the House upon the 2.5th Day of Februan/ lad, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read.

And the same being read

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, upon the fail I Petit ions, at the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, and several Wade Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Castle Sowerby,in the County of Cumberland, if they

think fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon this Day Seven night. '

Ordered, "/hat Coiinlel be admitted to he then heard, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

jS Petition of Christopher Pearson,of Lamonby, in the

Parish of Skelton, in the County of Cumberland, Yeoman, and the several other Persons are there-

unto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Tenements, within the Manor and Parish of Skelton aforesaid, and having Right of Common on the Wa and Commons, lying in the Manor and Parish aforesaid, on Behalf of

themselves, and many other Persons intereded in the said Walles and Commons, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, in efpectof their said several Lands and Tenements, are entitled to, and they, and those under whom they respecti vely claim, hare. Time immemorially, used and enjoyed a Right of Vei. 31.

commonly called a Fell Rent, which they reflectively pay to the Lord of the said Manor and Fored, and under and by virtue of divers Grants from the Kings of this Realm, are entitled to Common of Padure, for all their Commonable Cattle, without Stint or Number, in and upon the Wades and Commons throughout the whole of the said Manor and Fored; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that Leave has been given to bring a Bill into the House, for dividing and inefodng a certain large Common Moor, or Tract of Wade Ground, commonly called Skelton Pasture, lying and being within the Manor of Skelton, in the said County of Cumberland, and Parcel of the said Fored of Inglewoodi and that the Petitioners have never come into any Agreement for dividing and inclosing the said Common; and the Petitioners apprehend such Dividon and Inclosure will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and divers others intereded in the said Walles and Commons: And therefore praying, That they may have Leave to beheard, by their Counfel,against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said 6ill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are then to be heard, by their Counsel, upon their said Petitions, if they think lit.

Air. Frederick Montagu reported from the Commit- Anbinj-worth tee, to whom the Bill for dividin and inclosing the ncoure* Open and Common Fields, Comm Meadows, Common Padures, and Wade Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Arthingworth,in the County of Northampton,

wras committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qucdion several put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, and keep- Bromley ingin Repair, the Road leading from the High Road p *"d

between Bromley and Farnborough, in the County of d». Kent, to Beggars Bu/h, in the Turnpike Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of SttJJcx, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

4 D be.

i8 6 7° Apri 1767.

be, An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repairs tire Road leading from tire High Road between Bromley and Farnborough, in the County of to

Beggars Bit/h,in the Turnpike Road leading from Tunbridge Wells,to Mansfield, in the County of Safer.

Ordered, That Lord George Sackville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Account; The House being informed, that Mr. Wejkett, from African the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to ompany. Africa,attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of John Barnes, Esquire, late Governor of Senegal, for Salaries and other Expences in the Support and Maintenance of the Garrifon there, from 29th October 1765 to 29th April 1766,

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Monies remaining in the Hands Account of Ed~,card Sainthill, Esquire, late Payn*.liter of the Oil:errs Pensions to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces 1 ows‘ and Marines, on the 24th of December 1766.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is fs followeth;

An ACCOUNT of the Monies remaining in the Hands of Edward Sainthill, Esquire, late Paymaster of the Pensions of Widows of Officers of the Land Forces and Marines, dying itx Mis Majesty’s Service, on the 24th of December 1766.

To Balance of Accompt of Full Pay Officers Widows, as allowed by the Auditor of His Majesty’s Imprest, to 25th Decemr 1753 - To Cafii received from the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces, from the 25th of Dccemr 1753 to 24th of Decemr 1755- By paid Pensions to the said Widows, and incidental Charges attending the fame, between the 25th of DecenC 1753 and 24th of 1766 - Total Balance of Full Pay Officers Widows Pensions - - £. s. d. *>938 — 3 2|,3J9 M 5 27,257 14 8 25,827 15 1 . £ d. 1,429 19 7

To Balance of Accompt of Half Pay Officers Widows Pensions, whose Husbands served in the Army, and were married before the 25th of Decemr 1716, as allowed by the said Auditor, to the 24th of ’ 1753 To Calli received from the Paymaster General, being the Provisions granted by Parliament to Widows of Officers dying on the British Estabishment of Half Pay, and w ho served, and were married, before 25th Dccenf 1716, for the Years 1754 and 1755 - 6,526 10 11 5,506 —

By paid Pensions to the said Widows of Half Pay Officers, and incidental Charges attending the fame, between 25th Decetnr 1753 and 24th Decern. 1766 ----- Total Balance of Half Pay Officers Widows Pensions - - 12,032 IO 11 5,087 12 9 6,944 18 2

Total - £ 8,374 *7 9

To be deducted: The Fees and Charges attending the passing the Accompts with the 7 Auditor, and other incidental Expences, may amount to- - - - - J 53°

1 fi.i 1 il /'ll . 1 1 t t I- 7»844 17 9

N. B. It is apprehended that there are Claims upon the Balance of Half Pay Officers Widows Pensions to a very considerable Amount.

Errors excepted,

Edif Lloyd, Deputy.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the imported into England, from Chrijhnas 1759 to Chrifi-Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. 1706; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of foreign Linens im-The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from ported into or Five Years, ending oX-Christmis

the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door, 1765; distinguishing the several Species imported in he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the each Year, and the Duties paid on each Species relpec-House, pursuant to their Orders, tively: And also,

Accounts; An Account of the Quantity of Chip and Straw Hats* An Account of the Quantity of foreign Linens ex-

Lmeas. , ported


7 Geo. III.

7° Apr H

287

Importation

of

Wheat,

Ac.

Jl] fliers of the Peace.

ported from England, for Five Years, ending at

mus 17 (> ); difuuguiftiing the several Species exported in each Year, the Countries to which exported, and the Drawbacks paid 011 each Species reflectively.

And then he withdrew.

And the '1 ities of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preserved amongil the other Papers at this Session.

Mr. Onflowpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Pill for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, Pur,'ey and Parley-meal, and Pulse, free of Duty, into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe, for a further Time, to he limited: And the same was received; and read the Fi rft Time.

liefolved, That the Pill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to obviate Inconveniences, which may arise with respect to the Execution of several Acts of Parliament, in such Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Franchises and Liberties, as have only One Justice of the Peace, of the Quorum, qualified to act within the same:

Copy of a Meflhge from Governor Bernard, to the House of Representatives, February 17th 1767, (\° 4.) Received 28th March 1767.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And (lie Title of the said Journal was read.

And the said Lift was also read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon the

30th Day of this Instant, April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Papers.

Ordered, That the several other Papers, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, by His Majesty’s Command, relating to the North American Colonies, be referred to the Confide*

ration of the said Committee.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon the 25th Day of March last, " that the Call of the " House be further adjourned till that Day Fortnight," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That this House be called over, upon

Call of the House.

— ....., qualified to ad within the same: And that

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Fuller, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, the 29th Day of this Instant April.

and bring in, the fame.

Supply Bill; Duties on Hai».

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Bast, or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats, and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the same, entered Inwards, at any Port, or Place, in this Kingdom, he now read.

And the said Order being read

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pat erf on took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pater/unreported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the and made several

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report he received Tomorrow

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular Letters to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of The Speaker Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members of this House, upon WedneJ'day the 29th Day of this Instant April.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City o in Common Council assembled, was referred;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

to write circular Letter*.

City of London; Public Buddings* &c.

American

Colonies.

Morning.

Mr. Secretary Conway presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

A Paper, intituled, " Journal of the General Assembly of New York, from the 1 of November to " the igth of December 1766:" And also,

Extract of a Letter from Governor Bernard, the Earl of Shelburne, dated Bo/IDecember 24th 17 (N‘2.) Received 10 March 1767: And also.

Extract of a Loiter from Major General Gage, to the Earl of Shelburne, dated York,

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, His Majesty’s Bri/i/hSubjects, concerned in the Whale F ifhery,on Behalf of them (elvesand others concerned in the said Fithcry;and also the Petition of the Royal

Boroughs o f Scotland,met at the 30th Day

of January 1767; were severally retorted;

Resolved, That this House upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Whale

Fithcry.

'67 (N° 4.):inclosing.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Docks, and other Conveniences,

Kmgftea upon Hull Docks.

Copy of a Letter from Major General Gage, to for the Accommodation of Ships, lengthening

Governor Pitkin, 3th January 1767. D" — from Governor Pitkin, to Major General Gage, 20th January 1767. D° — from Major General Gage, to Governor Pitkin, 25th January 767. D° — from Governor Pitkin to Major General Gage,

31st January 1767.

1767: And also.

Extra# of a Letter from Governor Bernard, to the Earl of Shelburne, dated Bojion, February 14 th and 18th 1767 (N° 5.): inclosing,

Copy of a Aleffage from the House of Reprefcn-ta tires,to Governor Bernard(N* Copy of a Meflhge from r Bernard, to

the House of Representatives Copy of a Meflhge from the

tatives, to-Governor Bernard 3.).

Vox..31.

the South-end Jetty, erecting other Works, in the Haven and Port of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty to those I'fes;

Resolved, That this House upon Friday the ill Received 25th March Day of May next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the E.id India whole House, to inquire further into the State and Con- Company. dilion of the Ea/lIndia Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.Fuller took fjie Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Alqtter to them referred

288 7 — 8" Aprilis. A. 1767.

ferred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to (it again.

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, except George Dudley, Thomas Rouse, and Robert James, Esquires,do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

Willis’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mame. to enable John Fleming, Esquire, lately called John Willis, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Fleming only, pursuant to a Settlement made by Richard Fleming, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Kynafon, Mr Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Montagu, Mr. Bull, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Fuller, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. La/celles, Mr.

Mr. Cujt, Lord Brownlmo Bertie, Mr. Howard, Mr.

Dyfon, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Mr. Boulton, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Burke, Mr. Ezver, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Cooke, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Staunton, Lord Howe, Colonel Howe, Mr. De Gfey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Berks, Oxford, Bucks, and Northamft-ton: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 8#;

Anno 70 Georgii III"* Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

Counters- C* IR William Beauchamp ProBor reported from the bridge, O Committee, to whom the Bill to continue and ren-Rrads. ^er more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways, from Counterjbridge, which lies in the Parish of Kenfngton, in the County of lead-

ing through the Towns of Brentford and Hounjloio, to the Poivder Mills, in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the Road to Colnbrooke; and for building a Bridge at Cranford Bridge; and for repairing the Road from the Coach and Horses, through Sion Lane, to a Gate on the South Side of Teddington Field; and also the Road leading out of the said Highway, near Smallberry Grmi Turnpike, to the in the Town

of Isleworth, in the said County; and for lighting and watering the said Highways and Roads: was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroil’ed.

Mr. Whichcotreported from the Committee, to whom fad

the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com- Barkwith mon Fields and Meadows, in the Parish of East Bark- *nc'0^urt' with,in the County of Lincoln, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to

the Satisfaction of the Committee; except --Gace,

who is possessed of Lands within the said Parish, of the Value of Eleven Pounds per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill, except he might be allowed to nominate a Commissioner; and that the whole Lands within the said Parish are of the Annual Value of £.211. and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. John Robinson reported from the Committee, to HenfingW whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Iuclofurt. Commons, within the Manor of in the County of Cumberland, was re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. John Robinson reported from the Committee, to Distington whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. Common, within the Manor of Distington, in the County of Cumberland, was re-committed. That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. John Robinson reported from the Committee, to Shlddon Gia' whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from caHifle, Shaddon Gate, near Carlisle,to the present Turnpike Road. Road,at Mulafide; and from a Place in the said Turnpike Road, between BinJ'ey Mires and North Raw Gate, to join the Turnpike Road at SiciUbeck, in the County of Cumberland, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

V

i Gio:III.

8'

£89

Skelton

Inctofure.

Sale of Part of the settled Estates Mailheto Henry Witham’s With am, Esquire, in the County of York, for the discharging the Debts and Incumbrances thereon; and Ordered, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing the for, other Purposep therein exnrefledj fp which the

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

* r 1 r 1 '- — /

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bin* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Bast, *

or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats, and Bon-

Common, and several Waile Grounds, within the Manor and PariOi of Skelton, in the County of Cumberland, be read a Second Time, upon this Day Seven-night Ordered, That Counsel be then admitted to be heard,

in Favour of the said Bill, against the Petition of Christo-

plier-Pearson, of La/nonby,in the Parish of Skelton, in the County of Cumberland, Yeoman, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto fub.scribed, being nets, and upon certain Materials for making the /ame, -Owners of Lands and Tenements, within the Manor entered ^nwards, at.any Port or Place in this Kingdom, and Parish of Skelton aforesaid, and having Right of was committed; The Amendments whiqh the Compiit-Common on the Wades and Commons, lying in the fee had made to the Bill; and which they pyddjreeled Manor and Parish. aforesaid, on Behalf of themselves, him to report to the Hojufe; aqel he read the Report in and many other Persons inierefted in the said Wastes his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the and Commons; and also the Petition of the several Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Periods, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Owners of Lands and Tenements within, and Parcel Second Time, One by One;, and, upon the Question t of, the Manor and Forest of Inglewood,in the County severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Uoufe,

" ' ' ’ 1 '*r' Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bp

ingrossed.

of Cumberland, and as such having Right of Common of Paiture, and other Privileges, in and upon the Wastes and Commons, of and w ithin the said Manor and Fo-rest, on Behalf of themselves, and divers others, inter-

eiied" in the said Wastes and Commons; which wrere YefleriTay presented to the House, praying to be heard, by iheir Counsel, hgainst the said Bill.

The Hpufe being informed, that from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; Ije was called, in $ and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Monies.fhat remained in the Re-' Accounts* A‘ Message from the Lords, fey Mr. Browning and ceipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of s-ythsExcise,

Mr TAriguish

Mr. Speaker,

British The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mufeom. to ena^le the Trullees of the British Museum, to exchange, fell, or dispose of, any Duplicates of printed Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiosities, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Tilings that may be wanting in, or proper for, the said Mufeicm, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

April 1767, on the Two Sevenths Excise, granted by an Act of Parliament of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, for the Half Year then ended: And also.

An Account of Monies remaining in His Majesty’s Exchequer, disposable by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts wrere read.

The said Accounts are as folio weth; viz.

and Ditbofable Monks,

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

; ' i , . , I

An ACCOUNT, of the Monies that remained, in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, on the 5th of April 1767, on the Two-sevenths Excise granted by an Act of Parliament of the 5 th and 6th Years of the Reign" of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances

1

thereupon, for the Half Year then ended.

Cash remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5 th Day of April 1767

jf. s. d.

- 103,350 15 4

jC s. d

The Charge for the Half Year then ended - - 9,885 25"

Surplus of the said Half Year’s Produce Carried to the Aggregate Fund ‘

pursuant to the Act of the lfl of George the First - - ’ - - 8,861 98

— ----- , 18,746 12 1 ‘

Cash several

remaining in the Exchequer, on the qtfi Day of April 1767, after satisfying the ? roc.

eral Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, for the Half Year then ended - -j *; 4>P°4 3 p

Exchequer,' the 8th Day of April 1767.

John Ilug

Vol. 31.

To

2pO

8* jprilis.

A. 1767,

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of Monies remaining in His Majesty’s Exchequer, disposable by Parliament.

Imprest Money repaid by John Bristow, and John Gore, Esquires, out of the £.100,000 granted by His Majesty to the Sufferers at Lisbon Ditto by Robert Dinwiddie, Esquire, late Governor of Virginia - Ditto by Sir William Baker, Knight, from Nova Scotia -

Ditto by John Poumall, Esquire -

Ditto by Major General Campbell, now Duke of -

Ditto by Zachary Philip Fonnereau, Thomas Walpole, and Merrick Esquires

Ditto by James Pigot, Esquire ----- X

Ditto by Thomas Francis, Gent, out of the Money advanced to him to satisfy the Loftes by the Distemper amongst the homed Cattle -

Duty on Gum Senega ——

Apples imported -

Cambricks, Sc. since ill August 1766 - - - .-

1 Forfeitures for Breach of Parole of French Prisoners of War T Ditto for Treason -

£ s. d.

1,450 18 — 308 16 6

6,000-----

108 iq z

374 1 8

20,000-----

2,199 1 —

2,607 7 4

5 14 — 38 7 6 1,152 4 —

230-----

637-----

Remains of the Income of the Sinking Fund, on the 5th Day of April 1767

35,102 9 2

469,147 14 —

£ 504.350 3 H

Exchequer, the 8th Day of April 1767,

John Hugh/on,

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Importation A Bill for allowing the Importation of Wheat and of Wheat, Wheat-flour, Barley, Barley-meal, and Pulfa, free of Duty, into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe, for a further Time, to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Refotved, That the Bill be committed.

Rc/olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Duke of Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrof-Boceleugh’i fed Bill from the Lords, intituled, -An Act to enable Scttknwat, Henry Duke of Buccleugh, a Minor, to make a Settle-

ment on his intended Marriage with the Lady Elizabeth Montagu, is committed, have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Surplufes, stated the 5th Day of April 1766, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, stated the 10th Day of October 1766, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money issued out

of the Sinking Fund, to discharge, from the 29th Day of September 1766, to the 25th Day of following,

the Annuities attending such Part of the Joint Stock, established by an Act made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, in respect of certain Navy, VictuaIling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, as was redeemed in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Onslow presented to the House, according to justiai Order, a Bill to obviate Inconveniences, which may of arise with respect to the Execution of several Acts of Parliament, in such Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Franchises, and Liberties, as have only One Justice of the Peace, of the Quorum, qualified to act within

the

7 Geo. III.

8’ — fdprilts.

Badgers

and

Engrossers,

Ire*

the fame: And the same was received; and read the

Fir it Time.

Rfoived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cornwall reported from the Committee, appointed to consider of the Laws relating to Badgers, Engross-ers, Forestallers, and Regraters; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of the same are fit to be continued, amended, or repealed; That the Committee had considered the said Laws accordingly; and had come to several Kefolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Laws relating to Badgers, Engrofr-ers, Forestallers, and Regraters, by preventing the Circulation of, and freeTrade in, Com and otherProvisions,

291

to attend the said Committee this Day, except Dorington, and Isaac Warren, Esquires, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That George Dudley, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same lime.

Ordered, That Thomas Rous, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That — - - James, Esquire, do attend the said Committee at the Came Time.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Ladbroke took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And Notice being taken, that 40 Members were not

City of London Public Buildings, to

have been the Means of railing the Price thereof in many by

Parts of thw Kingdom. ..... ftembers not being presentj and it being after Fourof

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, for Leave to bring in a Bill to remedy the Evils occasioned by the said Laws.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to remedy the Evils occasioned by the Laws relating to Badgers, Engrossers, Forestallers, and Regraters: And that Mr. Cormoall, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Onslow, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Burke, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Barrow, Sir Francis

Vincent, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Garth, and the Lord fort,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

the Clock;

' The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question First put, till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 90 die;

Anno 7* Georgii III15* Regis, 1767.

Prave rs.

y^ Bill for improving and extending the J^aviga-

High Price of

Provisionf.

Ways and Means.

City of London; Public Buildings, Ice.

tion of the River Hull, and the King's River, ot West Beck, from the Port of Kingston-upon-HuU, into or near the Town of Great Driffield, and to Frodinghant The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bridge, in the East Riding of tlje County of York, was resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to read a Second Time.

consider further of the present High Price of Provisions; Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hewetl,

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Lord FrederickCampbell, Sir George Savile, Mr. Coutts, night, resolve itself into the said Committee. Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Mr.;

Mr. Praed, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Clive, Sir William -

The Order of the Day being read, for the House ton, Mr. Webb, Mr. Mr. Grey, Sir Charles Morin resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, daunt, Mr. Shiffher, Lord Grey, Mr. Hopkins, Sir WiU to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the liam Beauchamp ProBor, Mr. Darker, Sir Supply granted to His Majesty; broke, Mr. Vane, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Paterson, Sir John

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom* Cotton, Lord Howe, Mr. Methuen, Mr.

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. Mr. Herne, Mr. Gascoyne, M Mr. Dowdeswell,

Mr. Sandys s and all the Members who serve for the The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Counties of York, Nottingham, Lincoln, Durham, and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, consider of the Report, which was made from the Com- at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, mittee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, At

Hull

Navigation

Sir Hynde Cotton presented to the House, Record- South Level ing to Order, a Bill for draining and preferring certain . Drain*Se‘ Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in that Part of the Great Level of the Fens called The South Level, between the River Grant, or and the Hard Lands of Ditton, Horningfea, Bottifham, Bulbeck, Szoajf-

ham Prior, Burxoell, Fordham, and Wicken: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

____ An ingrossed Bill to prevent Frauds ahdAbufes in the tomld*

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, Coal Meter* had examined several other Witnesses, and had made a within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof; OS«. further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and and between the ToWer Dock and Liniehotife Hole, in that he was directed by the Committee to move, that the County of Middlesex, Was read the Third Time* they may have Leave to fit again. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, be, An Act to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Ad-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to measurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within inquire further into the State and Condition of the East the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and be-India Company. tween the Tower Dock and Limehoifc Hole, in the

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered County of Middlesex.

Vo 1.31. \

dennen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

East India7 The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Company, whole House, to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

9* Aprilis.

Supply Bill; Duties on Hats.

9 2

Ordered, That Sir Robert Ladbrdo carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Bast, or Straw, Chip, Cane and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the same, entered Inwards, at any Port or Place in this Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Raft, or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats, and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the same, imported into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterfdo carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A, *767.

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Brand, Sir Mr. Laf-celles, Mr. Outlet/, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Mr. Grey, Lord George Sackville, Sir AG Mr. Shifi'ner, Mr. White, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Begot, M r.

Ja’iGs, Mr. Darker, Sir William Meredith, Mr. P ref colt, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Pryfe Campbell, M r. DoicdejMr.; and

all the Gentlemen of the Long Kobe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, hi the Speaker’s Chamber.

AddenbrooWi

Hospital,

Cambridge.

An ingrossed Bill to repair and widen the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Turnpike Road between in the County of and

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, N; and from Hinjiock, to

Whitchurch

thro*

BuHeydam

Road.

to whom the Bill for establishing and well governing a General Hospital, to be called the Town of Cambridge, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis-faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; amt then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bethnal Sir Williapi Beauchamp reported from the

Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and s’ Powers of an Act,made in the 29th Year of King George the Second, for making a Road, from the East Side of the Parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the Lift End of Church Street, and to

open a Way into Shoreditch; and for repairing, paving, and regulating, Old Cock Lane, Neiv Cock'Lane, Church Street, and the Road on the West Side of the Opening into Shoreditch; and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the same , for the future; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; sfnd that, the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto.; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then aSecondTime', One byOne; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A MelTagefrom the Lords,by, the Lord Chief Justice Wilmotand the Lord Chief Baron Parker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act the Duke* of to enable His Majesty to settle certain Annuities on their York, Royal Highneflcs the Dukes of York, Gloucijler, and Gloucester, Cumberland, without any Amendment.

And then-the Meft’engers withdrew.

aforesaid; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repair and widen the Roads from church, in the County of Salop, to the Turnpike Road between Nanticich, in the County of Chester, and AVre-castle-under-Line; and from llinjtock, to afore-,

said.

Ordered, That Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton do carfy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Longitude,

HarrUoa’i

'b.lv.Stephens, from the Commissioners of Longitude, prefeiited to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Copy of the Minutes of the Proceedings of the Board TuneKop*, of Longitude; jit delation to Mr. s Time

Keeper, from the 16th of Augnjt 1762, to the present Time: and also,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. John Harrison of the 28th of October 1766, to Sir Charles Saunders, then First Commissioner for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. John Harr fan, of the 5th of November 1766, to Sir Charles Saunders, then First Commissioner for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read:

Ordered, That the said Copies be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to' whom it is referred to eonlider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petitidti of several Merchants, and others, interested in the Navigation and Commerce of these Kingdoms, was referred.

The said Copies are preferred amongst the other Papers of tins Session.

Settling Annuities on

and Cumberland.

Justtees of the Peace.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas do make the

Report from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Henry Duke of Buicleugh,a Minor, to make a Settlement'oil his intended Marriage with the Lady Elizabeth was

committed.

WLr.Thomas Tbrcw/^td accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he tfae*; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com1-mittce; and that the Committee had directed the1 Bill ' to be reported to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

'O/xfered, That Mr. Thomas do carry the Bill

totlie Lords, and acquaint them'that- this House hath, ' ' agreed to the fame, without a:V Amendment.

Duke of BaccleughS Marriage Settlement.

A Bill to obviate Inconveniences which may arise with respect to the Execution of several Acts of Parliament, in such Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate,

Franchises; and Liberties, as have only One Justice of the Peace, of the Quorum, qualified to act.within the fame, was read a Second Time. , T^he Member who informed the House, on Monday

1Refolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Onslow,.. last,>ihat he was authorized by. the Parties concerned in Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gilbert Mu Gilbert Elliot, Air. . prosecuting the several Actions of Trespafs oil the Caffe, Dyfon, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lullrell, Sir-, agaiu&Jyhn 7c&,. Esquire, late High Sheri If of the Jq/'eph Mawbey, Mr. Gore, Mr. Culvert, Mr. Paterson, County of Pembroke, to undertake that the said Actions

16 " should

PrifikBS

Pciibrofe

Ele&ioA*

7 Geo. III.

9® Jpri

293

ffiouhl be discontinued, informing the House that the hundred and Sixty Pounds Nine Shillings and Two

said Art ions were discontinued;

Refolced, That this House will not proceed to hear the Matter of the Complaint of the said Actions having been brought.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered

Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1766, of the several Hates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Win-

to attend this House this Day, in relation to the said dows or Lights, which were made a Fund, by an Act discharged’from their Attendance. of the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for

-"sS

u

Importation of Wheat, ice.

Complaint, be

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the Importation of Wheat

paying Annuities, in respect of Five Millions, borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand. Seven

and Wheat fleur. Barley, Barley-meal, and Pulse, free hundred, and Fifty-eight Pounds, Thirteen Shillings and of Duty. into tms Kingdom, from any Part othurone* o - i . tt-

jr*

rjrj

LtiS

of Duty, into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe, for a further Time, to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onjloio took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That tile Report be received Tomorrow Mornin

‘O’

Witham’»

Estates.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of'Part of the settled Eltates of Matthew Henry Witham, Esquire, in the County of for the discharging the Debts and Incumbrances thereon; and for other Purposes*therein expressed; was read the Firil Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 10th Day of October 1766, of several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon Cyder and Perry, which were made a Fund for paying Annuities, in respect of Three millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1763.

Rifolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committeg, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Four hundred and Forty-one Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to make Compensation to Doctor Peter Swinton, for the Damage done to the Estate of the said Do6tor Sicinlo,in the City of , at the Time of the late Rebellion, by Order of the Officer commanding the Garrison of the said City.

The Five first Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being

Supply.

read a Second Time, an Amendment was proposed to Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words." One

the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Four thousand Five hundred and Six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum issued thereout, to discharge, for the Year ended the 29th Day of September 1766, the Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum, attending fitch Part of the Joint Stock, established by an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance

thousand Four hundred and Forty-one," and inserting the Words " Seven hundred " instead thereof.

And the Queston being put, That the Words " One thousand Four hundred and Forty-one " Hand Part of the said Resolution:

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

-p , cvf Mr. IVilbraham Bootle, 7 a Tellers for the V eas, j Sirife/( War

f Mr. 7 Torcnfield, Jun. 7 I Sir Alexander Gilmour. j So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Seven hundred " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred Pounds, be granted to

Tellers for the Noes,

for the Damage done

Debentures, as remained unredeemed on the said aqth His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to make Compen Day of September. ~ — - _ - -

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Five hundred and Ninety-two Pounds One Shilling and Nine Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum issued thereout, for paying the Charges of Management of the Annuities attending the said Joint Stock, for One Year, ended the 29th Day of September 17 66.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Seven hundred and Eight Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Seven Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum issued thereout, to discharge, from the 29th Day of September 17 66

to the 25th Day of December following, the Annuities

attending such Part of the said Joint Stock, as was redeemed in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Longitodf; Harrison’s

fat ion to-Doctor Peter Sivinton, to the Estate of the said Doctor Sw in the City of Chtjler, at the Time of the late Rebellion, by Order of the Officer commanding the Garrison of the said City.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report, which was made from the Com- TimeKeepcr. mittee, to w hom the Petition of several'Merchants and others, interested in the Navigation and Commerce of thele Kingdoms, was referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday,

Morning next, resolve itself in the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Wednesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the t-aff India whole House, to inquire further into the State and Company.

That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-nine thousand Six Condition of the East India Company. Vox.. .31. 4 F

Mr.

294

9* — 10° A prills.

A \ 176'].

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had examined- anot her Witness, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire further into the State and Condition of the Fall India Company.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, except George Dudley, Esquire, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 10° die Aprilis;

Anno 7* Georgii III111 Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

Henfingham A N ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the inclosure. *£\^ Open Commons within the Manor of Henfing-ham, in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time.

♦ Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the OpenCom-, mons within the Manor of in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. John do carry the Bill

to the ‘Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Distington An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. Commons within the Manor of in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common within the Manor of , in the County of

Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. John Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wodion Gate, An ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening the rTn RQa(l from ShaddonGate, near Carlisle, to the present Road* Turnpike Road at Mulaf.de, and from a Place, in the said Turnpike Road, between Binfey Mires and Raw Gate, to join the Turnpike Road at in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the lload from ' Shaddon Gate,near Carlife, to the present Turnpike

Road at Mulafde, and from a Place in the said T urnpike Road, between Binfey Mires and North Razo Gate to join the Turnpike Road at Skillbeck, in the County of Cumberland,

Ordered, That Mr. John Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Arthinswonh An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open inclosure. anj Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Walie Grounds, in the Manor and Parish ’of A rthingzoorth, in the County of , was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Ficlds, CommonMeadows, CommonPaftures, and Waste Ground ,in the Manor and Parish t worth,in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1$

An ingrossed Bill to continue and render more effec- Counters-tual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the High- br^e* ways, from Counterfbridge, which lies in the Parish of Roads. Kvnfingtonfm the County of Middlesex,leading through

the Towns of Brentford and Hounfto the

Mills, in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the Road to Colnbrooke; and for building a Bridge at

Cranford Bridge;and for repairing the Road from the

Coach and Horses, through Sion Lane, to a Gate on the South Side of Teddington Field; and also the Road leading out of the said Highway, near Turnpike, to the George, in the Town of Ifeworth, in the said County; and for lighting and watering the said Highways and Roads; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways, from that Part of Counterfbridge which lies in th^Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentwood and to the

Powder Mills, in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrooke; and for repairing, turning, or altering, the Highway, leading from the said Road, at or near the End of Aon Lane, to the Town of Ijlezoortli,in the said County, and from thence to a Gate on the South Side of Teddington Field; and also the Highway, leading out of the said Great Road, near Smallberry Green Turnpike, to a House known by the Sign of the George, in the Town of Isleworth aforesaid; and for lighting and watering Part of the said Highways.

Ordered, ThatS\rlFilliam Beauc docarry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. CharlesTownfliend reported from the Committee, Exportation

to whom the Petition of the several Merchants, whose of Mae Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and all others, Merchants, in the County of Norfolk, City of Norwich, Borough of Yarmouth,

in the said County, and in Go in the County of Suffolk, concerned in making or exporting Malt, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition-, and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fafct contained in the said Petition, is as follows:

By an Account from the Excise Office produced to your Committec, it appeared, that the Quantity of Malt made, or Barley steeped, and entered at the Excise Office to be made into Malt for Exportation, on or before the 15th of November last, and shipped for Exportation since that Time, is as follows -, viz. in the County of Norfolk, 5211 Quarters -, in the City of Norwich,

2807 Quarters; in the Borough of Great Yarmouth,

7120 Quarters; and in Gorleston, in the County of Suffolk, 832 Quarters; making in the Whole, 15,970 Quarters: And by the same Account it appears, that the Quantity of Malt made, or Barley steeped, and entered at the Excise Office to be made into Malt for Exportation, on or before the 15th of November last, which is still under the Locks of the Excise, is as follows; viz. in the County of Norfolk, 1264 Quarters and an Half; in the City of Norwich,807 Quarters and anllulf;

in the Borough of Great Yarmouth, 2742 Quarters; and in Gorleston, in the County of 759 Quarters;

making in the Whole 5573 Quarters: Ayd the Total Amount of both Quantities is 21,543 Quarters.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Praed presented to the House, according to . Order, a Bill for erecting a proper and convenient Pier at the Port of Saint Ives, \u the County of Cornwall,

to*

St. I' M pitc-

7 Geo. III.

i o'

Jprilis.

29S

for the better Protection of Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Port: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Doninetoa

Fen,

tec.

Inclosure,

Edinburgh

Streets.

Dyke’s

Eltates.

St. Botolph, (London; Streets.

Mr. Coutts reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh over certain adjoining Lands, and for giving Powers to thC Magistrates of Edinburgh, for the Benefit of the said City: was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others. Inhabitants in and near the City of Edinburgh; was referred. That the Committee had considerecl the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direeled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed, that James Erskine, of Barjarg, Esquire, One of the Senators of the College of Justice, William Muir, of Esquire,

One of the Barons of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, Alexander Cunninghame, One of the Clerks to His Majesty’3 Signet, John Syme, also One of the Clerks to His Majesty’s Signet, William Surgeon in

Edinburgh, George Gardener, Examiner of the Salt Customs at Edinburgh, and Robert Amlerfon, Seedfman in Edinburgh, who petitioned this House upon the 30th Day o (MarchI alt, praying to be heard, by them-

lelves or Counsel, against the said Bill; and which Petition was ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report should be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed; declined being heard by their Counsel, against the said Bill;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

Ure

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Dixon Dyke, Baronet, lying in the Counties of Oxford, and Kent, in Trustees, in Trull, to be sold, for railing Money to discharge a Mortgage Debt affecting other Parts of the said settled Estates, was read a Second Time.

Rifolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bcjl,

Mr. Cijt, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Grenville, Mr.

Mr. Bindley, Sir Francis Vincent, Lord Grey, Mr. Shi fi-

ner, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bagot, Mr Kynaston, Lord

lough, Sir JoJ'eph Mawbcy, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Verne}j, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Gray, Sir Robert Lad- any Adjournment of the House. broke, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Wllately, Mr. Parker, Sir

Peter Leicester, Mr. Sandys, Mr. llewett, Sir William

Meredith, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Gore, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Montagu, Mr. John RobinJ'on; and

all the Members who serve lor the Counties of Oxford,

Sussex, Kent, and Surrey:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Donington, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving the same; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making navigable the River Ure, from its Junction Navigation, with the River Swale, to the Borough of Ripon, in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Itching to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, v ^,ve.r made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of King av, Satlon* Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise passable, for Boats,

Barges, and other Vessels, so far as the same relates to the River Itching, running from Alresford, through Winchester, to the Sea, near Southampton, and for better regulating the said Navigation; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands and Grounds, in the Pari Hi of Wootton, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields,

Moors, and Commons, in the Parishes of Langton and Woodall, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open CommonFields, and Uninclosed Meadows, in the Parish o in

the County of Leicester, without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to impower Bichardllycroft. Clerk, and his Issue, claiming under his Marriage Settlement, to grant Leases of Houses and Grounds, in Clarges Street, in the County of Middlesex;to which the Lords desire the Concurrence

of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Hilborough, in the County of Norfolk, the Estate of Deborah Bunting, the Widow and Relict of Edward Bunting, Clerk, deceased, and Edward Bunting, her Infant Son, by the said Edward Bunting, Clerk, in Trustees, to convey the same to Ralph Cauldwell, Esquire, and his Heirs, and for securing the Money to be paid for the fame; to which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Woottoa

inclosure.

langton

and

Woodall

inclosure.

Aileftone

Inclosure.

Rycroft’i

Leafing.

Bunting’*

Estates,

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Ayr, is committed, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding

A Mcffa ge from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Anguish:

Ml. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets, and other Places,* in that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph, Aldgate, which lies in the County of Middlesex,’ and Part of a Street, called East SmithHeld,in the Precinct of Saint , and for cieanfing, lighting, and watching the fame, and preventing Obliruciions and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also,

Y>. 31.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 15th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament,

Account Sales of Lands, in the Illauds of Dominica, Tobago, and Saint Vincent in 1776.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ayr

Roads.

Accounts; Sale of Colonial Lands.

Mr. Blackstone presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more equal Distribution of the personal Estates of Persons deceased, among their Creditors; and for subjecting the real Estates of deceased Traders to all their Debts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rifolved, "That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr.

E Hates of Debtors.

296

Importation Mr. Onslow according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, Barley, Barley-meal, and Pulse, free of Duty into this Kingdom, from any Part of , for a further Time,

to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Justicw Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom of the Peace, the Bill to obviate Inconveniences,which may arise with respect to the Execution of several Acts of Parliament, in such Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Franchises, and Liberties, as have only One Justice of the Peace, of the Quorum, qualified to act within the same, was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read

A. 176 7.

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table:

WLere the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- TalboA mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- £tlaw,* tituled. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John Talbot the Younger, Esquire, settled on his Marriage, in Trustees, for raising a further Sum of Money, for discharging Debts and Incumbrances, is committed.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Savings arising upon Grants for Account; the Pay of several Regiments upon respited Pay, by Army. Off-reckonings, and by Stoppages made for Provisions delivered to the Forces in Noj-tk America, the In-

dies, and at Minorca, to the 24th of December 1764, and by William Earl oiChatham's Balance, as latePay-master General of His Majesty’s Forces, and on the Vote of Credit 1762.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

io° jiprilis.

An ACCOUNT of the Savings arising upon Grants for the Pay of several Regiments upon respited Pay, by Off-reckonings, and by Stoppages made for Provisions delivered to the Forces in North America, the West Indies, and at Minorca, to the 24th of December 1764, and by William Earl of Chatham's Balance, as late Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, and on the Vote of Credit 1762.

1759

1760 1762 1764

1760

1761

1762

1761

1762

1759

1761

1763

1764

1759

1763

1764

Savings on Regulars

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Savings on Militia

Ditto

Ditto

Refpits on Militia Ditto on Regulars Off-reckonings -and 1762 Ditto - Ditto Ditto

£. s. d.

43 16 4

1,130 12 8

38,302 2 2

881 1 1

t-

s.

d.

1,281 6 —

943 19 G 909 11 2

40,647 12 3

3>i34 I& 8

538 9 11

2.163 13 5

>7»M5 3 5

1,169 4 5

Stopped for victualling Lord Fs Second Battalion -

Ditto sundry Regiment s at Minorca -

Ditto ----- at Ditto ..

Stopped for Provisions issued in North America

ill 11 8

- 3,876 13 10

- 10,334 16 10

- 20,025 19

1 .» a

Oio 9 3

573

4

5

Cash received from Mr. Napier, being a Balance in his Hands, as Director of the Ilospital in North America ’ -

Received of William Earl of Chatham, formerly Paymaster General of 1 Iis Majefiv’s Forces, lor the Balance remaining over and above the Sums of Money found necessary to be applied for defraying the Expences of the Forces in former Years - -

A Saving out of the Sum of £. 1,000,000 granted in the Second Year of His Majesiv, on Account, to enable Him to defray extraordinary Expences of the War, for the Sen ice of the Year 1762, and to aflill the Kingdom of Portugal, and for other Purposes -

21,036 11 2

34.3S2 1 9i

i,iS6 iS 8

90,000-----

70,^00-----

C ! 261,571 13 3 4

Pay-Office, Horse Guards, 10th April 1767.

John Powell, Accomptant.

Ordered,

﻿City of London;

Public

Buildings,

&c.

Cod beck Navigation.

High Price of Corn.

Supply.

Foundling

Hospital.

7 Geo. III. 10° — 130 dprilis. 297

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. ing next, refol ve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to I iis Re/ulvcd, That this House will, upon Wednesday Majesty.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

whole House, to consider of the Report which was made The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Wayi

from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and I'iean*?

Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of Lon- consider further of Ways and Means for raising the don, in Common Council assembled, was referred. Supply granted to His Majesty;

Re That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee, making navigable a Brook, called Codbeck, from the River Swale to the Borough of Tkirjk, in the County . The other Order of the Day being read; of York, is committed, have Leave to fit, notwith- The House resolved itself into a Committee of the E*ft Indm standing any Adjournment of the House. whole House, to inquire further into the State and Company.

Condition of the East India Company.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to - Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee,

consider further of the present High Price of Corn; Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, That, this House will, upon Wednesday Air. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee. , had examined another Witness, and had made a further

Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he The Order of the Day being read, for the House to was directed by the Committee to move, that they may resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to have Leave to fit again.

consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;: Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Mo- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ney given for the Service of the Year 1766, has been House, to inquire further into the State and Condition dil’posed of; distinguished under the several Heads, un- of the East India Company.

til the 7 th Day of April 1767, and the Parts remaining OrThat the several Persons, who were ordered unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon; be referred to attend the said Committee this Day, except Thomas to the said Committee. Rous, Esquire, do attend the said Committee upon

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Monday Morning next.

Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31st December 1766,

be referred to the said Committee. - Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*,'

Ordered, That the Account of John Baines, Esquire, late Governor of Several, for Salariesand other Expences And then the House adjourned till Monday

in the Support and Maintenance of the Garrison there. Morning next, Nine of the Clock,

from 29th October 1765 to 29th April 17 66,be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made, that the several Accounts and fcftimate, which have been presented to the House, in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposedanddeferted young Children, be referred to the said Committee;

Air. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Alajeny recommends to the Consideration of the House, the further Care of the said Charity.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimate be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the several Accounts and Estimates which have been presented to the House, in this or any former Session of Parliament, relating to the Hospital for the Alaintenance and Education of Exposed and Deserted young Children, were referred; and who were to consider of the present State of that Hospital, and of the moll proper Means for the future Support and Employment of the Children who have been received into the said Hospital; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterfontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the I louse will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Alorning next.

Air. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

— o,

Vol. ju

Lunee, i30 die Apr ills;

Anno 7* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain ^<1 Open Common Fields and Aleadows, in the Barkwith Parish of East Barkivitli, in the County of Lincoln, was Iado&ire. read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields and Aleadows, in the Parish of East Barkwith, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir Jarrit Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Tentewlea, Road leading from the Turnpike Road, in the Town of itc. Tenlerden, to and over Bull Green, and to and through the Town of Great Chart, to a House known by the Sign of the Castle, at the Entrance of the Town of Ashford, in the County of Kent; and also the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid to Holtfield Heath; and also the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid, through High Halden, to Dashmanden, in the Parish of Biddenden, in the said County of; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road, leading from the Turnpike Road, in the Town of Ten-terden, to and over Bull Green, and to and through the Town of Great Chart, to a House, known by the Sign of the Castle, at the Entrance of the Town of Ashford, in the County of Kent -, and also the Road leading from M Green aforesaid, to Holtfield; and also

4 G the

298 13° Jprilis. A. 1-167:

the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid, through House, without any Amendment: And he delivered High Ha Idea, to Dafhman dev,in the Parish of Bid- the Bill in at the Clerk’s *1 able. denden, in the said County of Kent. And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Knight do carry the Bill to the That the Bill do pass. ’

Lords, and delire their Concurrence. Ordered, That Sir Robert do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath \

Shap Mr. JohnRobinfon reported from the Committee, to agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Inctofure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open

Commons in the Manor of Shap, in the County of Mr. Harris, of Christchurch, reported from the Com-' Talbnt’j

Westmorland, was committed; That the Committee had mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- Estates*

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the tuled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Jrhn "

fame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had Talbot the Younger, Esqiiire, settled on his Marriage,

given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the in Trustees, for raising a further Sum of Money, for

Committee (except Three Persons, whoseEstates within discharging Debts and Incumbrances, was.committed;

the said Manor are of the annual Value of £.4. who That the Committee had examined the Allegations of

live olit of the Manor, and were not applied to; and the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

except Four other Persons, who are Minors, whose Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, i

Estates.are of the annual Value of £.6. 15 s. and Eight to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the

other Persons, Owners of Eight Cottages, who were Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the

not applied to; and also except One other Person, who House, without any Amendment: And he delivered

refused to sign the Bill, because his Property was small, the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

but said he would not oppose the Bill; and that the

Whole of the Estates within the said Manor are of the A Bill for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands South Lerd

annual Value of £.261. 5.V.); and that no Person ap- and Low Grounds, in that Part of the Great Level of Drainage.

pcared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and the Fens called The South Level, between the River

that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Grant, or Cam, and the Hard Lands of Ditton, Horn-

made several Amendments thereunto; which they had i Qui, Bottisham, Sicajfham Bulbeck,

directed him to report to the House; and he read the Prior, , Fordham, and , was read a

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Second Time.

with the Amendments, iu at the Clerk’sTable: Where Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John the Amendments were Once read throughout; and Cotton, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Yorke, Mr.

then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Mr. Pryce, Sir Joseph Maze bey, Mr. Weddell, Mrr Question severally put thereupon, were,' with an Northey, Sir Brook Bridges, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; Mr. Pennant, Mr. , Mr. Kt/na-

and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the fort, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Cadogan, Mr.

Bill. Robinson, Mr. Sir John Mr.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Mr. Hunter, Mr. Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr*

ingrossed. , Sir Robert Mr. Paterson, Sir Ellis

Mr.; and all the Members who serve'

Htlkeih’s Sir Ellis Cunliffe reported from the Committee, to for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon,

Estates. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Northampton, Suffolk, and Norfolk: And they are tov;

Act for vesting Part of the Estates, in the County Pala- meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the tine of Lancaster, settled upon the Marriage of Fleet- Speaker’s Chamber. wood Hejketh, Esquire, with Frances his Wife, inTruf-

toes, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising An ingrossed Bill for establishing and well governing AUenhitsoke’# from such Sale in paying off divers Debts and Incum- a General Hospital, to be called Hospital, Hospital,

brances affecting the fame, and for other Purposes in the Town of Cambridge, was read the Third Time. Cambridge therein mentioned; and also for substituting, in Lieu Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title 1 thereof, a certain Estate in the said County, called be, An Act for establishing and well governing a Gene-

Btime, lately purchased by the said Fleetwood Hejketh; ral Hospital, to be called Hospital, in

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Town of Cambridge.

the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be Ordered, That Sir John Hynde Cotton do carry the true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee;

and that the Committee had directed him to report the An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act William’* Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Henry kft»t«»

delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. Witham, Esquire, in the County of York, for the dif-

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. charging the Debts and Incumbrances thereon; and

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. for other Purposes therein expressed; was read a

Ordered, That Sir EUis Cunliffe do carry the Bill to Second Time, the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath That the Bill be committed to Mr, Wed-

agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. Mr. Robinson, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Forreferx

Mr. Fowerean, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Hynde Cot-Sir Robert I.adbroke reported from the Committee, to ton, Mr. Calvert, Sir Mr. Northey, Mr.

Leafing, whom the in grilled Bill from the Lovds, intituled, An Cadogan, Sir Roger Mojhpi, Mr. Wynn, Mr.

Act for confirming a Lease, or Grant, made by the ho- Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. nourable Louija Barbara ManJ'ell, foie Daughter and Jennings, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Sir Charles

Ileir of the Right honourable Bujy Lord Mavfell,de- derick, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Leigh, Sir Lynch Salisbury ceased (now the honourable l/nfifaBarbara Vernon, Co/f oh. Lord George Cavendish, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr.

Wife of the honourable George Venables Vernon)to. Hunter, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Mr. Solicitor

Chauncy TownJ'end, Esquire, for certain Purposes therein General, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

expressed/or to grant a new Lease thereof, waB com- Darker, Mr. Parker, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. , Sir

mitted; That, the Committee had examined the Alle- Robert Ladbroke; and all the Members who serve for gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and the Counties of York, Lincoln, Durham, -

that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to land, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lanctffler: And the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, the Committee had d irefted him to report the Bill to the* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

- a 1 Mr.

7 Geo. III. 130 Ap. 299

Rp.ipill Mr. John Robinfonreported from the Committee, to ncMfre. w]10m tjje J}jj| for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, in the Manor of Rea gill, in the County of Wefi-morland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands of the yearly Value of ' £. 29. 19.V. 6d. who, being applied to, refused to sign

11 the Bill; and that the whole of the Lands intended to

be inclosed are of the yearly Value of £. 186. ); and

that noPerson appeared before the Committee to oppole the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the; Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto; which

i they had directed him to report to the House; and he

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time; One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was dif-agreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill. z> Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Codbeck Mr. Edward Lascelles reported from the Committee, Navigation. to whom the Bill for making navigable a Brook, called Codbeck, from the River*Srt?a/<? to the Borough of Thirsk, f in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a SecondTime, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be. ingrafted.

nl Importation' An ingrossed Bill for allowing the Importation of % Wheat, ^Vheat and Wheat-flour, Barley, Barley-meal, and Pulse,

3 &c‘ free of Duty, into this Kingdom, from any Part of Eu-

rope, for a further Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act f6r further allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, Barley, Barley-meal, and Pulse, free of Duty, into this Kingdom, from any Part of I Europe.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do carry the Bill to the ^Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Justices An ingrossed Bill to obviate Inconveniences which of the Peace, may arise with respect to the Execution of several Acts of Parliament, in such Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Franchises, and Liberties, as have only One Justice of the Peace, of the Quorum, qualified to act within the same, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to obviate Inconveniences, which may arise with respect to the Execution of several Acts of Parliament, in such Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Franchises, and Liberties, as have only One Justice of the Peace, of the Quorum, qualified to act within the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Eftares of ’ A Bill for the more equal Distribution of the personal Debtors. Estates of Persons deceased, among their Creditors; and

' Yol. 31.

for subjecting the real Estates of deceased Traders to all their Debts; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon the

yfh Day of May next, resolve itl’eif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to parish Older, a Bill for the better Regulation of the Parish Poor Poor cuiidretj. Children, of the several Parishes therein mentioned, within the Bills of Mortality: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a SecondTime.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Paferfm, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Comrpittee had directed. him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were read; and are as fplloweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Remainder of the Capital Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum, granted in respect of certainNavy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in, and cancelled, pursuant to an Act made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, be redeemed, and paid off, on the 25th Day of December next, after discharging the intercfl then

payable in respect of the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding One million, Seven hundred forty-one thousand. Seven hundred and seventy-six Pounds, Ten Shillings, and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to redeem, and pay off, the Remainder of the said Capital Stock of Annuities.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ThatOneFourth Part of the Capital Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum, established by an Act made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry, and for raising the Sum of Three millions JFive hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties, be redeemed ?md paid off, on the 5th Day of January next, after discharging the Interest then payable in respect of the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred and Seventy-five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to redeem, and pay off, One Fourth-Part of the said Capital Stock of Annuities.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred thoilfand Pounds, be granted tq His Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and twenty-nine thousand, Onehundred forty-four Pounds, TwoShil-ings, and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1766.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do forthwith give Notice, that the Remainder of the Capital Stock of Annuities, of certain after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum, granted in Annuitie*. respect of certain Navy, Victualling,and Transport Bills,

and

?oo

and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in, and cancelled, pursuant to an Act made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, will be redeemed, and paid off, on the 25 th Day of December next., after discharging the Interest then payable in respect of the fame, agreeable to the Powers of Redemption contained in the said Act.

Redemption Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do forthwith give Notice,

of certain that One Fourth Part of the Capital Stock of Annuities, Annuities. after the Rate of Four Pounds per , established

by an Act made in the Third Ybar of Ills Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry, and for vaifing the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by w ay of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties, will be redeemed, and paid off, on the 5th Day of January next, after discharging the Interest then payable in respect of tire fame, agreeable to the Claufcsand Powers of Redemption contained in the said Act.

1767;

The other Order of the Day being read 5 The House resolved itself into a Committee of the but whole House, to inquire further into the State and om^an^ Condition of the East India Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

130 — 14* Aprilis.

Itr

I.

Kensington, Ordered, That alThaVe Voices who come to the Com-'

&c- mittee, to whom the Bill to continue, and render more Roads. effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of , C/ielfea, and Ful-

ham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex -, and also Two other Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Fulham, through Fulham Fields, to the great Road near the Pound at Hammersmith, in the said County; and for lighting, watching, and watering, the said Roads; and for paving the Street, and Highway, and Footways, from the Palace Gate, to the Coach and llorfes in Kensington, and for lighting and watching the fame, and the Courts and Alleys adjoining thereto; is committed.

Turnpike Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Roads-, Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and ^Law»nS re^uce bito One Act of Parliament, the General Laws for the Amendment and Preservation of the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, was committed, be now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Highways; The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Amending into Consideration the Report which was made from Laws. Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways of this Kingdom, was committed.

And the said Report was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill he re-committed tq the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 louse, to consider further of the Supply* granted to His Majesty

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

"Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House and Meant, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Martts, 14? die Ap

Anno 70 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1767.

1

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Bet(ual of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of Green King George the Second, for making a Road from the Roads.

Kail Side of the Parish of Saint Maltlie Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the East End of Church Street, and to open a Way into Shoand for repairing, paving, and regulating, Old Cock Lane, ‘

Cock Lane, Church Street, and the Road on the West I

Side of the Opening into Shoreditch; and for removing j

Nuifancesand Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the same for the future; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Seconder making a Iload from the EastSideof the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the East End of Church Street, and to open

Way into Shoreditch-, and for repairing, paving, and regulating Old Cock Lane, New Cock Lane, Church Street, and the Road on the West Side of the Opening into Shoreditch-, and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the same for the future.

Ch-dm’d.ThatSir William BeauchampProttor docarry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for extending the Royalty of the Ed'mburoh City of Edinburgh over certain adjoining Lands, and Streets? for giving Powers to the Magistrates of Edinburgh, for the Benefit of the said City*, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh over certain adjoining Lands, and for giving Powers W the Magistrates of Edinburgh, for t he Benefit of the said City; and to enable His Majesty to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre in the City of Edinburgh, or Suburbs thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Coutts do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Lands, AdUngM Grounds, and Commons, in the several Townships of ludoiMt. Adlingjleet, Fockerby, and Haldenby, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Burrell, \mvA Strange, Mr. Mr. Earle, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Fonnerean,

‘ Mr.

h

u

7 Geo. III. 14° Aprilis. 301

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Penton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Harley, Mr. KmajUm, Mr. Holt, Mr. Onslow, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr If Ililicorth, Mr. PaterJ'on, Mr. H ard, Mr. Rohiifi n.Dr. Hat/, Mr. Harris, General

Sir.Scudamore, Mr. 7 'afnell, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Mr. Pennant, Sir JoJ'eph Admiral Frank!

Sir Robert Ladbrokef Sir Dalrymple, Mr.

delay, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Contis, Mr. (inn), Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Up-

ton; and all the? Members who serve for the Counties o (York, Nottingham, Durham, Northumberland, Cum-.

berUnid, Westmurland, and And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

M'nchin’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act time. (0 empower the High Court of Chancery to order so. much of 1 he personul filiate olG corge Clinch in, deceased, j as now Hands in the Name of the Accountant General, of the said Court, to be transferred and paid to Paul Minchin and Henrietta the only Children of

the said George Minchin, without their giving any Security to refund the fatne, was read a Second Time.

R'fohed, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. PaterJ'on, Mr. Montagu, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gilbert, Mr, Rushout, Mr. Harris, Mr. llexcett. Colonel Nugent, Sir Lynch Salujfmry Cotton, Mr. Mr. Thoroton,

Mr Burrell, Mr. Knight, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Bull, Mr.

Milles, Mr. Fane, Dr. Hay, Mr. Fuller, Lord Biirg-herfh, Mr. Pennant, Lord Mr. Jennings, Sir

George Yonge, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Forrcjler, Sir.Bindley, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Hamilton, Mr.’ lluffey, Mr. Gray, Mr. Colleton, Mr and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Fjj'ex, Kent, Surrey, and Sufferand all the Gentlemen of the Ldng llobe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Rycrofi’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

healing, to empower Richard Rycroft, Clerk, and his Ifiue, claiming under his Marriage Settlement, to grant Leases of Houses and Grounds, in Clarges Street, in the County of Middlesex,was read the First Time.

Rcjblved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Talbot’s An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Elbte. for veiling Part of f he F.hate Talbot the Younger,

Esquire, -feltled on his Marriage, in Trustees, for raising a further Sum of Money, for discharging Debts and Incumbrances, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Harris of do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this llouie hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

St. Ives A Bill for eroding a proper and convenient Pier, at Pier. tl.<* Port of Saint lues, in the County of Cornwall, for the better Protection of Ships and Vessels reporting to the said Port, n as read a Second Time.

Rrjblucd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Praed, 'Slv. Kijnqfion, Mr. Bul/cr, Mr. Hewelt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Harris, Mr. Sh iff her, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Pennant, Sir lynch Sahtsbury Cotton, Mr. Choi-vionddey. Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Upton, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Fonnercau, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr, Toicnjhcnd, Mr.

Mr. Hunter, Mr. ard, Sir Edmund Iff/am, Mr. Lexis,

Sir Walter Begot, Mr. Colleton, Lord Mr. Bootle,

Mr. 77 irate, Mr. Harley;and all the Members who l'crve for the Counties of Cornzcall, Devon,

IVills, and Dor/’et: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

"Willis’s Mr. Ixzendcs reported from the Committee, to whom ' . VoL. Jjl.

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Fleming, Esquire, lately called John Willis, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and.Arms of.

Fleming only, pursuant to aSettlcment made byRichard Fleming, Esquire, deceased, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfhrtion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill tq the House; without any Amendment:' And he delivered the Bill in af the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Timfe.

Rejoiced', That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lozvndes. do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from March^ivet Mufchzi'itel,iii the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, to

Worthenbuiy, and Hanmcr, in the County of to Dodington a House in the Post’ellion of Mr. Thomas Jenks, in Dod-i/igton, in the Parish of Whitchurchin the County of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Refolvtd, That the Bill be committed to Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Morton, Mr. Mr.

Bootle, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. White, Sir John;

Lord Grey, Mr. Fitzroy, Sir Roger Mojlyn, Mr.

Mr. Thurlozb, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Fonnercau, Sir. Calvert,

Sir JohnGlynne, Mr. Toicnjhcnd, Mr. Weji, Sir.Meyrick,

Sir Anthony Abdy, Sir Ellis Cunlijfe, Mr. Pryfe, Lord Percy, Mr. Gore, Lord Strange, Mr. Harris, Mr. Colleton, Lord Dozvne, Mr. Gray, Mr. Ward, Mr. Harley,

Mr. George Onjlozo, Slr.Robinfin, Sir Sic. Sandys, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Upton; and all the Members who serve for the Principality of Wales;and for the Counties of Chester, Sali/p, Stafford, Lancaster, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon* at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Air. John Hamilton reported from the Committee, Ayr to whom the Bill for repairing and widening several Roadi. Roads, in the County of Ayr,was committed; That the

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

o

v

Air. Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee, Greriey’4 to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Estate.-An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Sir NigelGresley,

Baronet, in the County of Stajfi/rd, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Aloney for the Payment of Debts; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned liad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the CleiVs Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refilled, That the Bill do pat's.

Ordered, That Air. Wilbraham Bootle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that tins House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

4 II A Bill

14° Apr

A. 1767.

Kendal

Poor.

30a

A Bill for inclosing a Piece of Waste Ground, in the the said Bill to inclose the said Wade, or Common, for Bdrough and Township of Kirkby in Kendal, for the Be- the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the said

nefit of the Poor; and for cleansing and enlightening Burgh and Townlliip, in the Manner proposed, would the Streets of the said Town; was read a Second Time, be a manifest Injury to the Petitioners, and the other RcJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Land Owners, in the same Tovrnship: And therefore Robofon, Mr. Dozcdefzvell, Mr. Burke, Mr. Ward, Lord praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a law,

Beauchamp, Mr. Harley, Mr. Upton, Mr, Penton, Mr. Waljh, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Kynaston, Sir James Lozother, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Lord

Percy, Mr. Burrell, Sir George Savile, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fitxherbert, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Blackstone, Sir William Meredith, Mr. iff-

ner, Mr. Pownall, Mr. Martin, Mr. Thurloxv, Mr. Cater aft, Mr. Burt, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Dyfon; and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Westmorland, Cumberland, Durham, Northumberland, , and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bin*. A Petition of Charles Strickland, Esquire, and John Shazo, Gentleman, on Behalf of themselves, and the several other Owners and Proprietors of Messuages,

according to the said Petition, and present Plan; but that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counfol, against the said Bill; and that the said Agreement, Rule or Order of Assize, may be ollablished, ratified, and confirmed, and made biuding to all Parties; and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Oi'dered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Inffruftion to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for ratifying, establishing, and confirming, the Agreement, Rule, or Order of Assize, mentioned in the said Petition.

Mr. Pennant reported from the Committee, who Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying within, were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or and Parcel of, a certain District, or Division, called near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the Kendal Park and Castle Lands, within the Burgh and House, which of them are fit to berevived, or continued; Township of Kirkby Kendall, in the County of West- That the Committee had inquired accordingly, and had morland, was presented to the House, and read; Set- come to several Resolutions; which they liad directed

Expiring

Lawi.

ting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for inclosing a Common, or Tract of Waste Land, called by the Name of Kendall Fell, lying within the said Burgh and Township, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Township; and that a great Number of the Inhabitants of the said Town have

him to report to the House; and he retfi the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Clauses in an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First,

not any Right of Common on the said Waste Ground, intituled, An Act against clandestine Running of un-

or Common, proposed to be inclosed; and that the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and, Hereditaments, within the said Burgh and Township, of which the said Park and Coftle Lauds are Parcel, are entitled to, and have, for Time immemorial, had and enjoyed a Right of Common, in, upon, and throughout.

customed Goods, and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds, relating to the Culioms, relating to such foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, as shall be taken in at Sea, out of any Ship, or Vessel, in order to be landed, or put into any other Ship, or Vessel, or Boat; and also relating to Goods not reported, and the said Common, or Waste Ground, proposed to be found after clearing Ships; and whereby further Rc-inclosed; and that several expensive Suits were for medics are provided against relanding Goods prohibit-tnany Years depending, ami vcxationlly carried on, ed to be worn in this Kingdom, and foreign Goods, both at Law and in Equity, between the Mayor, Re- flopped out for Parts beyond the Sea; and also relating corder, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the to the opening, or altering, the Package of Goods on said Town of Kirkby Kendall, and the Owners of the board Ships Outward bound; and also relating to ho-fuid Park and Coftle Lands,to determine whether the vering Ships, or Vessels, of the Burthen of Fifty Tons, said Pant and Coftle Lands were lying within, and Par- or under; and also concerning the Bales, or Package, cel of, the Township of Kirkby Kendall aforesaid, and, in which Coffee shall be exported; and also relating as such, chargeable by the ChurchWardens and Over- to Rum imported in Casks, or Vessels, not containing leers of the Poor of the said Town, to the Relief of the Twenty Gallons, at the lcait; and also relating toCer-

Poor thereof; and that £. 6000 and upwards was spent i'n the several Suits aforesaid; and that, upon the Hearing of a Cause between the said Parties, in the High Court of Chancery, an Issue was directed to be tried at Carlifte,at the Affixes held in and for the County of Cumberland, in 1758, to determine the said Dispute; and, upon the Trial of that Issue, it was ordered, by the Conlent of the said Part ies, that the last J uror 1 liould be w ithdrawn; and that the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands and Tenements, called Kendall Park and Coftle Lands, lliould for ever thereafter pay One Tenth Part of all the Rates, Taxes, and Assessments, that should be raised and paid within the said Burgh and Township, for the Relief of the Poor thereof; and that each of the said Parties (liould pay their own Costs; and that the said Rule, or Order of Assize, lliould be confirmed by the Decree of the said Court of Chancery; and that an Act of Parliament lliould he obtained, at the joint and equal Expence of the said Parties, to eltahliih and confirm the fume, or to that ElToet; and tluit the said Rule of Assize was afterwards ratified by the Decree of the High Court of Chancery, but cannot be made binding lo all Parties, and rendered elleftual, without the Aid of Parliament: and that the passing

tifieate Goods entered, in order to be exported to -land; which were to have Continuance for the Term of Three Years, from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Sessioa of Parliament respectively; and which, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the Ninth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, and in the Second, Eighth, Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-Seventh, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, were further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-leveu, and from tlicncc to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; are near expiring, and fit to he. continued.

lle/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to

prevent the clandcstine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infcftion thereby, and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine, and to subjeet Copper Ore, of the Production of the British Plantations, to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities, of the like Production, are subject; which was to be in Force foe

Tw*

7 Geo. III.

14* Apr

Two Years, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts (except the Clauses obliging all Ships and Vessels to perform Quarantine) was to have further Continuance to the First Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliment; and which, by an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was intended to be further continued to the First Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-four, but, by Mistake, the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven was inserted therein, instead of the said Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-four; and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the Twenty-first, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and Sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of

3°3

nine, for the Space of Seven Years, and from thence to End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, so far as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed, or written, and printed in Great Britain, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Twentieth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The Three First Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourth Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, postponed.

The Fifth Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Qpeftion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the First, Second, Third, and Fifth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Pennant, Mr. Ridley, and Mr.

his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting Liberty Burrell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

to carry Rice, from His Majesty’s Province of Carolina, in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finijterre, in Ships built in and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; which was to be in Force for Five Years, from the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Way* of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider and Moot, further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, that they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the Fourth Resolution of the said Committee, and which has been postponed.

Mr. Dmode/well reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

Duke of, Portland9!

continue the said Act, from the Expiration thereof, to vacate an Agreement made the Tenth Day of Agr^wat.

..: +11 lit I In a f hnnlond Voiron nnn/inod and n Ko

End of the then next Session of Parliament; and to extend that Liberty to His Majesty’s Province o in America; which said Acts, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of his late

rgaret Cavendish,

then his Wife, and now his Widow, and the Right honourable Thomas Lord Foley, also deceased, concerning a Building Lease to be granted to the said Lord Foley, of a Parcel of Land, in the Parish of

Majesty’s Reign! were further continued, from the Ex- "‘5° bounty of and to establish and render

piration thereof, until the Twenty-ninth Day of Septem- e(!^?ua ano^ier Agreement, dated the Thirtieth Day her, One thousand Seven hundred Sixty-seven, and from One thousand Seven hundred and Sncty-

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia- f?ve"’ concerning the Premises, was committed, pat

ment, is near expiring, and fit to be continued. , 5 , w

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and found same tobe le j.and that

~ _ _ J tine nnnnnrnnrl hod miron fnmr I nnlnnt tn thn Kill tr

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the

That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Revival of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal, during the Time therein limited, and also for the free Importation of Indico; which was to continue in Force from the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-four, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the Fourteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of his said late Majesty’s Reign, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, and from thence

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed, or written, and printed in;

and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as impowers the limiting the Prices of Books; which Act was to continue in Force from the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-

Vol. 31.

ties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdejivell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Trades-men, and principal Manufacturers, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Sheffield, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is depending for making Docks and other Conveniences for the Use and Accommodation of Ships in the Haven and Port of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hnll; and the Petitioners are informed, that, as the said Bill is now framed, certain new Duties are intended to belaid, for defraying the Expence of such public Works, upon every Ship, Sloop, Keel, or other Vessel employed in the River Trade, passing by the said Haven, without going into the fame; which, the Petitioners apprehend, will be highly injurious to Trade: And therefore praying, That, in case the said Bill shall pass into a Law, Provision may be made therein, to except from Payment of the new Duties, intended to be imposed by the said

BUI,

Kingston upon Hull Docks*

3°4

14° Apr.

a'! ?Vrp^ Sloop?, Keels or other VdTf!?, anrhor-\w the Hoadft'-act nf tl,e laid Haven, or passing the re-aml n.»t pnttini: irr*o, making uie of, or receiving ' t> from, the said new Works intended to he h* a - aforesaid.

On/rrcJ, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for makiiiir Docks and other Conveniences, for the Use and Accommodation of Ships, lengthening the Smith-end Jetty, erecting Dolphins, and other Works, in the

m

A. 1767.

brought into, tapped, or fold, nilliin the Town of Burrcw/tounucfs, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Liu1 it'i-iow, and for extending tin* same over the Parish of Burr owfounnefsfor r<’j>airing the Harbour of

the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways from

that Part of which lies in the Parish of

Haven and Port of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull,in the County of leading through

and f'.r appropriating certain Imnds belonging to His' the Towns o and to the Ponder

Counters-

bridge,

iiC.

Roads.

I-r r.rnv:rvr tht

to the J House.

Majesty to those Lies, is committed.

' The House was moved, that the First of the Resolutions, which, upon the 3 ill Day of March last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to vtitoin it was ref; rrod to consider further of the Supply granted, to 1 iis Majesty, and w as then agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly, and is as followeth;

" Reji>lccd, That the Sum of Two thousand Pounds " lx* granted to 11 is Majesty, towards carrying on an " additional Building, for a more commodious Patliige " to the House of Commons, from Saint Margaret's " Lane, and Old Palace Yard."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for applying the Money granted in this Sellibh of Parliament, for carrying on an additional Building, for a more commodious Passage to the House of Commons, from Saint Margaret's Lane, and Old Palace Yard: And that Mr. Harrell, Mr. Coinncall, Mr. Worjley, and Lord George Sac kettle, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mills, in the Hoad to Staines, and to Bridge,

in the said County, in the Hoad to and for

repairing, turning, or altering, the Highway, leading from the said Road, at or near the End of Sion to the Town of Ijleicorth,in' the said County, and front

thence, to aGate on the SouthSide of 7 Field}

and also the Highway, leading out of the said Great Road near SmallbcrnjGreen Turnpike, to a House,

known by the Sign Of The George,in the Town of

icorthaforesaid; and for lighting and watering Part of the said Highways; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed tO the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the F^nfa h Road leading front th6 High Road, between Bromley - and Yarn borough,in the County of Kent, to Beggar's

Bn/h, in the Turnpike Road leading from Tunbridge Wells to Mares field, in the County of Safer, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf'Measur within the City of Hindoo, and the Liberties thereof, and betw een Toner Dock and LintelioufeHole, in the County o

And also.

Bromley

and

Road.

London Coal Meter's Office.

Encouraging the Arts of l^signing, &c.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Whitclwch to repair and widen the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Turnpike Road between A

without any Amendment

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the 3 th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of Design-

ing, Engraving, and Etching Hillorical and other Prints, wich, in the County of ter, under Line;

by veiling the Properties thereof in the Inventors and and from to A aiitzeieh aforesaid; without any

Engravers during the Time therein mentioned, might Amendment: And also, be read. The Lords have agreed to the Billjntituled, An Act tDuze

And the same being read accordingly; for making Navigable the River Ouzc, from below Navigation,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Widdington Ings, at or near to the Junction of

amend, and render more effectual, the said Act; and for the Rivers and and for making Navigable

extending the Provisions thereof to Models of Buffs, the said River Swale, from the said Junction, to Morton Statues,or Figures; and that Doctor Hay, Mr. Black- Bridge, and also the Brook running from Bedale, into1 Jtonc, Mr. Martin, Mr. Filzherbert, and Air. Butter, do the River Swale, in the County of York, without any

prepare, and bring in, the fume.

A Aieffage from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Air. Pechell:

Air. Speaker,

Supply Bill; Hie Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Amendment; And also,

The I.ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Failure, Common Grounds, Waffte' Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Alanor, Parish, and Liberties, of Sin the County of

Shalstone

Inclosure.

Duties on for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon ^uc^sy without any Amendment: And also,

Hats.

I m Donation ot Wheat,

Jufcices oi the Ptawe.

Burrow-llouuness To Verniks Scots.

Raff or Straw', Chip, Cane, >and Ilorfe-hair Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the lame, imported into this Kingdom, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-llour, Bailey, Barley-meal, and Pulse, free, of Duty, into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act; to obviate inconveniences, which may arise, with respect ta the Lxeeutiou of several Acts of Parliament, in inch Cities, Boroughs, downs Corporate, Franchises anil Liberties, as have only One Justice of the Peace of the Quorum, qualified to act within the same, without any Amendment: And also,

The LonL have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies or

a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale.and Beer, which shall be Brewed for Sale, 14

The Lords have puffed a Bill, intituled, An Act for veiling an undivided Third Part of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate anil being in the City of London, and in the Counties of Oxford and Bucks, heretofore the Ellate of SufannahLetten, Widow, dcceai'ed, in certain Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trpft, to be sold, and for paving and applying t he Money, to arise by the Sale thereof, in the Manner therein mentioned; to which the Lords delirc t he Concurrence of t his I Ioufe.

And then the Mess'cngers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the real Effate of , and Aon

his Wife, and for laying out the Money anting from stich Sales in the Purchase of other ldnnds and Hereditaments for the Benefit of the said 7 'out kinjun Cooper, and Atm his W ife, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fuller, Mr. Rigby, Mr. West, Mr. Mr. /c. Sir Roger

A tic a

Lftten’i

Efutc.

Cooper’i

Eiwe.

Private

Business.

East Tn^ia Aifairs.

7 Geo..III.

14° Apr

305

Keicdigate, Mr. Ward, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Doxvdeficell, Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

M r.Blackstone, Mr. Fonnerea u,"Sir. Cooke, Mr. Coventry, And the said Schedule was read.

Lord Cather lough, Sir Ellis Cuni iffe. Sir JohnGlynne, Mr. Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table,

Edmon/lonc., Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Calvert, Sir George to be perused by the Members of the House.

Caleb rook, Mr. Bullock, Sir Jarrit Smith, Lord Mr. Cholm ley, Ix>rd Carysfort, Mr. Mr. Pen-

11 ant, Mi*. Kynoston, Mr. Foley, Sir Charles

Lord Oncell, Mr. Pout nail. Sir Charles Hardy, Sir John

Gibbons, Sir Joseph Maiobey, Mr. Whatch); and all the Members who serve for thcCounties of Bedford, Lincoln, Northampton, Hertford, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, to proceed upon any private Business after Two of the Clock.

The Tx>rd Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to Ilis Majesty,

Extract of His Majesty's General Orders and Inllruc-

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Sir John Glynne have Leave to go Leave into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary °* Absence. Occasions.

lrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. Route, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at

the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented

to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the net Duties which have been

received upon the Importation of Cod and Lrng into

Scotland, from Chri/hnas 1759 to 1766; dif-

tinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Spirits extracted from

Wheat, Flour, Malt, Barley, and other Grain for Fo-

. T . , . , r» reign Consumption, in that Part of Great Britain called

tions to Lieutenant Colonel Draper,dated 17th Dc-v °t, , ..,r.u \ n *

iC' 1 1 n* j j Scotland, with the Amount of the Bounties granted on % ' JS’ a, Kl 10 tolonrf Com dated hc j. of f h s -rit !ramChriJ,mas to the

20, Jmmy 759 upon tar embark,g for the East Jlftofll6l%bg ,he Bounty matt payable

ExuaAofHis Majesty’s General Order* and Inftrnc- of ,h',h* A« 6 6m*t 11

tions to several Officers, upon their embarking with C . .'T1? eac

Detachments of His Majesty's Forces for the East And then he with*

Judies, in the Years 1760, 1761, and 1762: And also.

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary at War, to Colonel Adlercron,dated 1 oth January 1757; And also.

Copy of a Letter from D° to D°, dated 29th January 1757: And also.

Copy of a I*etter from D# to D®, dated 4th February 1757: And also.

Copy of aLetter from D0 toD°,dated April 1759:

And all’o,

Copy of a Letter from D® to Lieutenant Colonel Draper, dated 9th February 1760: And also.

Copy of a I*etter from D® to Lieutenant Colonel Brereton, dated 13th February 1760: And also,

Copy of a Letter from D® to Lieutenant Colonel Caillaud, dated 13 th February 1760: And also.

Copy of a Letter from D® to Lieutenant Colonel Motif bn,dated 13th February 1760: And also,

Copy of a Letter from D° to Colonel Clive, dated 13th February 1760: And also,

Copy of a Letter from D® to Colonel Draper, dated 13th February 1760: And also.

Copy of a Letter from D® to Colonel Laurence, dated 13th February 1760: And also.

Copy of a Letter from D® to Colonel Cootc, dated

Accounts; Cod, See. and Spirit^.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of Tea and Coffee, seized by the Excise Cutters, and Excise Officers, in North Britain, from 5th January 1764 to 5th January 1767: And also.

An Account of Tea and Coffee, seized by the Admiralty Cutters, from 5th January 1764 to 5th January 1767, in North Britain.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Lcgh, of Newton, have Leave to go to Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

Accounts Tea and Coffee.

21 ft February 1760: And also.

Copy of a Letter from D® to Captain Backhouse, of u r , Mu , ....

i.ntlLnf Cnlrmpl Tver’s wJtnHnn' AntoAWft ! The House, accordmgtoOrder, resolved itfelfmto

a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to

Leave of Absence.

lieutenant Colonel Draper's Battalion, dated 21st February 1760: And also.

Copy of a Letter from D® to Colonel Brereton, dated 24th March 1760: and also.

Copy of a Letter from D® to Colonel Monson, dated 24th March 1760: And also.

Copy of a Letter from D® to Major Moore, dated 24th March 1760: And also.

Copy of a Letter from D® to Colonel Monson, dated 13th April 1760: And also.

Copy of a Letter from D® to Colonel Coote, dated 17th April 1760: And also.

Copy of a Letter from D® to Colonel Brereton, dated 18th April 1760: And also,

Copy of a Letter from D® to Lieutenant Colonel Monson, dated 29th September 1760: And also.

Copy of a Letter from D® to Lieutenant Colonel Monson, dated 29th September 1761: And also.

Copy of a Letter from D® to Major General Laurence, dated 19th March 1762: And also.

Copy of a Letter from D® to Lieutenant Colonel Morris, dated 22d March 1762-.

Yol. 31.

Mowgwve

and

Seaton

Manors.

enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, demised to,

Esquire, by Letters Patent, under the Seal of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, unto the said Confiantme Phipps, and JohifConfianfine Phipps,his eldest Son, upon

a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the fame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onfow reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Sowerty Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Jnciofure. cion, and several Waste Grounds, within the Manor

41 and

JO6 14 — 15° Aprilis. 4- i?67-

and Parish of Castle Sower by, in the County of Cum-

berland;

And the House being informed, that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Roger Neiodigate, Lord Strange, Mr. Rice, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Wil/on, Mr. S Sir Jarrit Stnith, Mr. Edtnondftone, Mr. KyMr. Burrell, Mr.

Whately, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bull, Mr. Harris, Mr. Toumjhend, Mr. Knight, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. nereau, Mr. Parker, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Pennant, Lord Ortvell, Sir Gilbert Heath cote, Mr. Pent on, Lord Mr. Ward, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir John Palmer, Mr. Luttrell, Sir Joseph Mawbexj, Mr. Thurlow, Sir Geo. Savile, Lord John Cavemtish, Lord Sir

William Meredith, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Alderman Harley;and all the Members who

serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Northumberland, Durham, York, Notting-

ham, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. John Rob inf on do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Read'll Commons, in the Manor of Re0gill, in the County of Inclosure. Westmorland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, in the Mjanor of Reagill, in the County of Westmorland.

Ordered, That Mr. John Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being moved, in pursuance of the Order Private of Yesterday, that Leave be given to move the House Buf*net* this Day, that any private Business might lie' entered upon, in the House, this Day , after Two of the Clock.;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That Captain Ross have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occa- Ab^nce* Hons.

While The Order of the Day being read, for the House to fifooy* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants His Majesty’s British Subjects, concerned in the Whale Fishery, on Behalf of themselves, and others, concerned in the said Fishery; and also the Petition of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, met at Edinburgh, the 30th Day of January x767; were severally referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three

Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sill India Company.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Ordered, That Sir Jarrit Smith have Leave to go Ditto, into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to Kensington, continue, and render more effectual, Two Acts of Par- &c. liament, for repairing the Roads, in the Parishes of Roadj‘ Kenftngton, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the county of ; and

also Two other Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road, leading from the Town of Fulham, through Fulham Fields, to the great lload near the Pound at Hammer/mith, in the said Cofinty; and for lighting.

House, to inquire further into the State and Condition watching, and watering, the said Roads; and for paving

the Street, and Highway, and Footways, from the Palace Gate, to the Coach and Hor/es in Kensington, and for lighting and watching the fame, and the Courts and Alleys adjoining thereto, is committed, be discharged from proceeding upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Bill, and to present another Bill inllead thereof.

x)f the East India Company;

And the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.*

The Noes went forth.

TeUersfortheY^SSk.- }*5*

Tdte. for the Noes, j f 3

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday the First Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after One of the Clock on Wed-ne/dayMorning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds^ in the Parish of Farndon, in the County of Nottingham, which Bill was, upon Monday the 6th Day of this Instant April, read a Second Time and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that thp House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Famdon

lndofuie.

Mercuriiy 15° die;

Anno 7* Georgii IIP14 Regis, 1767. Prayers.

_. AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open

lncfofure d\.Commons, in the Manor of Shop, in the County of Westmorland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-f mons, in the Manor of Shap, in the County of West-

morland.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, also by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Ma- indofure. jesty, having been informed of the Purport of the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Fen, called The Haute Huntre, Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, which Bill was, upon Friday the 6th Day of last, read

a Second Time, and committed, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, also by His Ma- Ancholm* jesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Ma- Drainage, jesty, having been informed of the Purport of the Bill for the more effectual draining the Lands lying in the Level oi Ancholme, in the County of Lincoln, and making

0 0


r.

z

i,

iu

ri


7 Geo. III. 150 Ap. 307

the River Ancholme navigable, from the River at or near a Place called Sluice, in the County of Lincoln, to the Town of Glamford Briggs, and for continuing the said Navigation, up or near to the said River, from thence to Bishop Briggs, in the said County of Lincoln, which Bill was, upon the 12th

Day of March last, read a Second Time, and committed, gives his Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interell is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly-neux. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands thisHonourableHouse to attend His Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Royal Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended Assent to His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty Bills. was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act to enable His Majesty to settle certain Annuities on their Royal Highnesses the Dukes of Gloucester, and Cumberland:

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the same, imported into this Kingdom:

An Act for further allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, Barley, Barley-meal, and Puli’e, free of Duty, into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe:

An Act to obviate Inconveniences, which may arise, with respect to the Execution of several Acts of Parliament, in such Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Franchises, and Liberties, as have only One Justice of the Peace, of the Quorum, qualified to act within the same:

An Act to enable the Trustees of the British Museum, to exchange, fell, or dispose of, any Duplicates of printed Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiosities, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Things, that may be wanting in, or proper for, the said Museum:

An Act to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots,or a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale an'd Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Borrowjlounness, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow, and for extending the same over the Parish of Borrowjlounness, for repairing the ‘Harbour of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: An Act for paving the Streets, and other Places, in that Part of the Parish of Aldgate, which

lies in the County of Middlesex, and Part of a Street, called East Smitljicld, in the Precinct of Saint Catherine and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein:

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making divers Rivers Navigable, or otherwise passable, for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, so far as the same relates to the River Itching, running from Alrcsford, through Winchester, to the Sea, near Southampton; and for better regulating the said Navigation:

An Act for making Navigable the River Ure, from . its Junction with the River Swale, to the Borough of Ripon, in the County of York:

An Act for making Navigable the River Ouze, from VOL.31.

below Widding/on lngs, at or near Linton, to the Junction of the Rivers Sivale and Ure, and for making Navigable the said River Swale, from the said Junction, to Mort.on Bridge, and also the Brook nxnnmghomBedale, into the River Swale, in the County of York:

An Act to repair and widen the Road from Crofsito the Town of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road, from the Brick Kilns, on East Mailing Heath, to the Turnpike Road on Pembury Green, and from

to the Four Wents, near Maifield Green, in the County of Kenti An Act to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways, from that Part of Counters Bridge, which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of lead-

ing through the Towns of Brentford and Houn/lm, to the Powder MiUs, in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Coin-brook; and for repairing, turning, or altering, the High- way, leading from the said Road/ at or near the End of Sion Lane, to the Town of IJleio&rth, in the- said County, and from thenoe, to a Gate, on the South Side of Tedington Field, and also the Highway leading out of the said Great Road, near Smallberry GrrfwTum-pike, to a House, known by the Sign of The George, in the Town of Ifleioorth aforesaid; and for lighting and watering Part of the said Highways:

An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the High Road, between Bromley and Famborough, in the County of to Beggar’s Bush,in the Turnpike Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, to Maresfield, in the County of Suffer:

An Act to repair and widen the Hoads, from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Turnpike Road between Nantwioh, in the County of Chester, and New-cattle under Line, and from to Nantwich

al’oi elaid:

An Act to vacate an Agreement made the Tenth Day of July, One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight, between the Molt noble William late Duke of Portland', deceased, and Margar Duchess of Portland, then his Wife, and now his Widow, and the Right honourable Thomas Lord Foley, also deceased, concerning a building Lease to be granted to the said Lord Foley, of a Parcel of Land, in the Parish of Mary-bone, in the County of Middlesex; and to establish and render effectual another Agreement, dated the Thirtieth Day of January, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, concerning the Premises:

An Act to enable Henry Duke of a

Minor, to make a Settlement on his intended Marriage with the Lady Elizabeth Montagu:

An Act for exchanging Part of the settled Estates of Willoughby Earl of Abingdon, in the County of Wilts, for another Estate of greater Value, in the County of Berks, to be settled in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Sir Nigel Grejley, Baronet, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees to be sold, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts; and other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting several undivided Estates, late of John Bennett, Esquire, deceased, and Ann Spencer, Widow, in the Counties of Surrey, Kent, and Middlesex, in Trustees, in order to effect a Partition between the said Ann Spencer, and the Devisees, named in the Will of the said John Bennett:

An Act for confirming a- Lease, or Grant, made fey the Honourable Louisa Barbara Manfell, foie Daughter and Heir of the Right honourable B>ffo Lord Manfell, deceased, now die Honourable Louisa Barbara Vernon, Wife of the honourable George Venables Vernon, to Chauncy Townsend, Esquire, for certain Purposes therein expressed, or to grant a new Lease thereof:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates, in the County

Palatine

308 150 Ap . 1767.

'Royal Palatine of Lancojler, settled upon the Marriage of referred; That tlie Committee had examined the Mat- to Fleetwood, Hefketh, Esquire, with Frances his Wife, inter of the first-mentioned Petition, and had heard 1 s‘ Trull ees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising Counsel in Favour of the Third, Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth-from such Sale in paying off divers Debts and Incum- mentioned Petitions; and had also heard Counsel in brances affecting the fame, and for other Purposes Favour of the first-mentioncl Petition, against the therein mentioned; and also for substituting, in lieu last mentioned Petitions; and had directed hitn to report thereof, a certain Estate in the said County, called the Matter of the said first-mentioned Petition, as it Burne, lately purchased by the said Fleetwood tjefketh: appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John Talbot, Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the younger, Esquire, settled on his Marriage, inTruf- the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is tees, for raising a further Sum of Money, for dif- as followeth,

charging Debts and Incumbrances: To prove the Allegations of the First Petition:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open An Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commonable his late Majesty, for ascertaining, preserving, and im-, Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Newton, in proving the Navigation of the River Lee,was read: And,

the County of Lincoln: Mr.----- Thorogood, Clerk to the Trustees,

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open appointed by the said Act, being examined, said. That Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, and other Common- the said Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of able Places, within the Parish of Donirigton, in the the Powers granted to them by the said Act.

County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving Mr. James Fordham, being examined, said. That the ‘' the fame: Navigation is at present in a bad State, being carried

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open on by Means of Turnpikes and Flalhes of Water, Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Wootton, in the which are very expensive; and that it can sometimes County of Lincoln: be used but One Day in a Week.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Mr. John Engineer, being examined, said,

-Arable Fields, Moors, and Commons, in the Parishes That he apprehends this Navigation was made be-of Langton and Woodall, in the County of Lincoln:fore the Invention of modern Locks, there being no An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open such Locks on this River, except at Lee Bridge and Common Fields, and uninclosed Meadows, in the Ware.

Parish of Aileftone, in the County of Leicester: That the present Navigation is carried on entirely on

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and the Bed of the River, in which there are many Shallows, Common Fields, Common Pallures, Common Grounds, and the Means of getting over them is by penning up Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the the Water at Wears and Turnpikes, and by letting it Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Shalstone, in the out in Flalhes, so as to help Barges over the Shallows, County of Bucks: , but that is not sufficient at all Times; and Barges

An Act to enable John Fleming, Esquire, lately called would not be able by this Means to navigate in dry John Willis, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname Seasons, if they were not further aided by the Millers, and Arms of Fleming only, pursuant to a Settlement whom they prevail upon t6 pen up, or let go the made by Richard Fleming, Esquire, deceased. Water:

This Method of Navigating is attended with great Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Morgan have Leave to go Inconvenience, as it produces such a Current at the

Abl'ctfe. into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Shallows, Wears, and Turnpikes, that it is difficult to Occasions. draw Barges against it:

That the Difficulties in going down the Stream are River Lee Mr. Houblon reported from the Committee, to whom much the same as in going tip, as Barges cannot get Navigation, the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Exe- over the Shallows without these Helps; and he thinks cution an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign the Wears alone would not furnish a sufficient Supply of his late Majesty, for ascertaining, preserving, and of Water for this Purpose, without the Assistance of improving, the Navigation of the River Lee, from the the Millers:

Town of Hertford, to the Town of Ware, in the County That these Difficulties enhance the Expence of Na-. of Hertford; and for preserving and improving the vigation, by as much as the Bargemen pay for Lofsof said River, from the said Town of Ware, to the new Time, Hire of Horses, and for the Detriment done to Cut or River, made by the Mayor, Commonalty, and their Barges, by the hard Draught:

Citizens of London-, and for enabling the Governor and That the Navigation cannot be made a good one. Company of the New River the better to supply the without new Canals and Towing Paths, which the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties and Trustees are not impowered to make:

Suburbs thereof, with good and wholesome Water; That he has made an Estimate of the Expence of a and of several Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants of the new Navigation above Bridge, the necessary Works

Counties of Her tfor d, Ej/ex, and MiddleJ'ex,\shofeNames of which will amount to £.23,022. 15 to which must

-are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the be added the Purchase of Lands, which he thinks will Trustees appointed to put in Execution the several Acts amount to about £.6,906, as 115 Acres, and One-Tenth of Parliament marie for repairing the Highways, or of an Acre, must be purchased, which he estimates at Road, from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leon- £.60 per Acre: That he includes Towing Paths in erti, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the fur- this Calculation, but not the Purchase of Wears or thermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Turnpikes; and that he has allowed Ten per Cent, for -Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Contingenees both in the Works and Purchase of Cheshunt,in the County of Hertford-, and also the Pe- Lands.

: tition of Thomas TFalton and Bouchiei- Walton, of Lon- Mr. Thomas Engineer, said, he had surveyed

don, Merchants, Gunpowder Makers, and Partners; the whole River, and totally agfeed with all that Mr.

and also the Petition of George Bird, Esquire, on Behalf Smeaton had said.

~ of himself, and the rest of the Proprietors of the West- He added, that the Flalhes being artificial, Floods ham Water Works, in the County of Essex-, and also the have been a Means of widening the River, and making . Petition of Sir William Wake, Baroifet, on Behalf of it more crooked, and consequently shallower, which'

' himself and Peter Flayer, Esquire; and also the Petition makes the Navigation Hill more and more inconvenient; -of James Bar-wick, on Behalf of himself and Mary Far- and which must necessarily occasion a still greater 'Wait ran, Widow, both of Waltham Abbey, in the County of of Water, as these Impcrfcftions me; case.

-Ejex, Callico Printers and Partners; W'ere severally That he has surveyed the River from Bromley Lock to

tb«

7 G£o. III. *5°

the River Thames;and that the proposed Canal would greatly improve it:

That he has estimated the Expence of this Canal, Which will amount to £.5,310. 6s. 3 including the

Rurchafe of Lands, and all Expences; and that the Annual Expence of keeping it in Repair, will be about One per Cent, on the original Sum.

Air. James Fordham,being examined, said, That the

present Navigation is very incommodious; that a light Barge is sometimes Three Days in making a Trip, and sometimes Five; and that a loaded Barge is sometimes a Fortnight,

That they are frequently flopped by the Shallow?, particularly at WalthamGull, which is about a Alile from Mr. Walton's Mills; that they get over this by Means of a great Body of Water, which in dry Seatons must come from Hertford, with the Addition of Mr. Walton’s

Wafer, which Assistance they can commonly haveTwice a Week; but in very dry Seasons only Once:

That the Hated Days for this Supply of Water are Wednesdaysand Sundays, but in lhort Water Times, Sundays only; so that if a Barge happens to be flopped on a Sunday, it mull necessarily lie there till the Wednesday, if not, till the Sunday following; but that they are never refused Water on a Sunday, even for a Angle Barge:

That the next Shallow is at Eaton’s Wear* where he has known Barges flopped for a Fortnight, and by putting a-breast of each other, they have flopped all the Barges on the Stream; and that they are supplied with Water at the same Times, and in the same Manner here as at the Waltham Gull:

That there are no other Shallows on the River so bad as those abovementioned; but there are several other Places where Barges are obliged to wait for Flaflies: ' That between Hertford and the River Thames, there are near Thirty Weirs, or Turnpikes, at which the BargemaHers pay 59 s.in the common Course of Water; and that when Barges get to the Alouth of the River Lee, if the Wind is at South West, they sometimes lie for a Week before they can get into the River Thames:

That Bargemasters pay for Water at the Will of the Owners of Alills; and that by these several Discouragements, the Number of Barges on this River is decreased, Laqd Carriage being sometimes cheaper than Water Carriage; and that Flour is now commonly Tent by Land, which, if the Navigation w’as certain, would all go by Water:

That Barges carry 35 Tons down, and upon an Average not more than 10 Tons up the River.

Mr. Jonathan Jackson, a Barge-Mailer, being., examined, confirmed Air. Fordham’s Evidence, and added. That he has sometimes been denied Water by. the Proprietors of Wears.

That he has frequently been detained at the Mouth of the River Lee; and that when a Barge gets into the River Thames there, lhe cannot get up to London in One Tide When the Wind is fair and high.:

- Air. Thomas Marlborough, a Miller at Hertford, being examined, said. That he finds great Inconveniences from the present State of the Navigation; that he used to fend Flour by Water, but as he cannot depend on its being delivered in time, he has lent it by Land for many Years: That if the Navigation was good, it would reduce the Price of Carriage, and consequgntly would be advantageous both to the City of London, and the Country.

Air. James Rondeau, a Cornfactor ’in London, said. That the Improvement of the Navigation will be very beneficial to the City of London, as Inconveniences frequently happen by Corn being Hopped on the present Navigation.

Mr. Yeomans, being again examined, said, That the Navigation will be rendered much more safe, lhort, and commodious by the proposed Plan; and that occasional Supplies of Water from the Mills will then, beunuecef-Yol. 31.

IpHlis. 309

fary: That the Navigation from Bromley Mills to Lime- River Le« honj'e Hole, is at present about Nine Miles, and the Navigation, proposed Canal will be no more than €)nc Mile, One Quarter, and Thirty-one Poles; and by Means of this Cut, the Communication with the River Thames will be so much nearer London, that Barges will get up in One Tide; and that a Barge will be enabled to go from the e Town of Hertford to the River Thames, and return . again in 28 Hours j and that at present Barges arb obliged to wait for Ebb and Flood Tides to go up and down Bozo Creek, which now requires Two Tides; but by the proposed Canal, this Inconvenience will be remedied, and tluyewill be noNecelfity to wait for Tides.

That he has made Companion between the Expence of Carriage on the present and on the proposed Navigation: That at present Three Men and One Boy are employed to navigate a Barge, which makes about Forty Trips in a Year; that their Wages each Trip is £.6. 8*. which'is £ 256 a Y'ear for navigating One Barge: That upon the proposed Navigation, Two Men and One Boy will be able to navigate a Barge, which may make Five Trips backwards and forwards in a Fortnight; and the Wages for each Trip will be £.2. xor. The Number of Trips each Year will con-l'equently be 130, and the Wages £. 300.

That a Barge now carries about 300 Quarters of Alalt down the River, and about Eight Tons, or Chal? drons of Coals up; so that the whole Quantity that a Barge can now carry down the River in a Year, is 12,000 Quarters, and the back Carriage 320 Tons; oij. the new Navigation, a Barge will bring down 49,000 Quarters per Annum, and carry back 2,600 Tons of other Commodities; and consequently the Carriage in a Barge will be augmented in the Proportion of Three Fourths to One down, and as Eight to One up thq River.

Being examined, in regard to Air. Walton’s Mill, he said. That these Mills are supplied with Water by Three Streams that run from the River Lee, and that the Water is turned into these Cuts by a Turnpike belonging to Sir William Wake, which Turnpike is absolutely nc-cefl'ary for the present Navigation; That if this Turnpike was taken away. Sir William Wake's Mill uould be totally deprived of Water, and the Quantity of Water at Air. Walton's Alills would beleflened in l’ome Degree, though he cannot precisely say to what Extent, but it would certainly prevent their working iri some Measure; and he looks upon this Turnpike as absolutely necessary for those Mills.

That if the new Navigation was made. Sir William could not prejudice Air. Walton’s Mills without hurting his own; but as the propose.d Cut.is to be carried ahotherWay, this Turnpike will be no longer necessary for the Purpose of Navigation.

i Being examined, in regard to Wejiham Water-Works, he-said. That the intended Scheme-will supply them with a more conllant and regular Stream, as no Water will then run tb walie; and the Turnpikes may be kept conllantly Dint, which will supply all the Alills better than they are supplied now, it being necessary for all the Mills to keep their Heads of Water as high as they. can.

Air. Smealon, being again examined, agreed with Mr.

Yeomans, both in regard tp Air. Walton's Alills and the Wejiham Water-Works, and further said, That the Practice of letting goFlalhes of Water must bo detrimental to all Alachines that are worked by Water-Wheels; for as they cannot possibly increase the Quantity of Water, which would otherwise be uniformly discharged by a River, and which must be the same upon the Whole, whether pent up or not, and by how much a Flaih increases a Head while present, it must be afterwards diminifiied by the Loss of the same Water, which Diminution is of more Disadvantage than the Inerealb is of Advantage; for as more Water comes by a Fla/h t,han can possibly be used by the AI ills, the greatest Part runs to waste, and is a Lois, for which there is not any

4 K thing


310 i g Apr . 1767.

Him Lee thing to eompcnfate *. And, notwithstanding the Head That if these Mills were dfeftroved, there would be a Navigation. aj. First encreased by the coining of a Flafh, itisfoon Want of Powder till new Mills were built; and that

after diminished by the Water going round the Course People seem unwilling to build them: That the Board , of an open River, which obilructs the working of the of Ordnance now buy all the Powder that is fit for Mill by the back Water (that is, by diminiiliing the their Use; and in case of a War, the Public would Head and loading the Tail); consequently making the suffer by the Loss of these Mills: That during the Navigation on the intended Principle, will be a mani- late War, the Board ufetl all Means to induce People 0 fest Advantage to all the Mills and Water-Wheels on to make Powder, and nobody came in; in eonfe-the River, as the Current of the River will be thereby quence of this, and upon Mr. Walton's enlarging his rendered uniform; and all Flaihes and Stoppages of his Mills, he had a Promise of a Prelerence in Time the Current will be thereby avoided, of Peace.

In Support of the Petition of Thomas Walton and Mr. John being examined, said, i'll at he

Bouchier Walton; is employed by Mr. Walton to fee that Sir William

TheCounfelfor the Petitioners insisted on their Right Wake's Turnpike is kept fiiut; that Sir William's Ser-to the Mills in question; and that they were very an- vants say, he has no Bnfiness with it, but have always cient and valuable Mills; which was admitted by the ihut it at his Requell, or said, that a Barge was.coming,

Counsel on the other Side. and they would not.

Mr. John Munns,being examined, said. That these That it is necessary for the Navigation that this

Mills are supplied by Water from th£ River Lee, by Turnpike should be lliut, except when Barges are Three Inlets, and that of late Years the Petitioners passing; and that by this. Means Mr. Walton has a re-have expended upwards of ,£. 10,000 in improving these gular Supply of Water.

Mills and Works: That these Mills are employed in Mr. Smeaton being examined in regard to Mr. WaU making Gunpowder, chiefly for the Use of the Govern- ton's Mills, gave the same Account as the other Wit-ment, particularly during the late War; and from the nefl'es, in relation to the Method of (applying them Year 1765 to the present Time, when they have been with Water, and said, That Sir Wake's Turn-

employed wholly by the Government: That during pike has the Appearance of an ancient Work; and the first Period, they fiippliedOne Fourth of the Whole that either this, or some other Stop in the same Place, that was used by Government* and since December must alw:ays have been necessary for the Working of 1765, above One Third: That they make no other these Mills; and that, if the projiofed Plan should take Contracts, except with the Uudfohs Bay Company; Place, this Turnpike will be no longer necessary for the tnd that during the late War, they never fold any Purpose of Navigation.

Powder, without Leave from the Board of Ordnance; In support of the Allegations of Sir William Wake's and that he does not think Government can be sup- Petition;

plied by any other Mills in the Kingdom, in Time of The Counsel for the Petitioner insisted on his Title to War, but that Mills may be built that would supply these Mills, and that they were very ancient and valu-them; and that they are better situated for this than able; which the Counsel on the other Side admitted, any otherPowder Mills, having Water Carriage all the but w ould not admit his Title to the Turnpike.

Way from the Mills to the Magazines. Then the proper Officer from the petty Bag Office,

That these Mills are supplied with Water, by Means produced a Decree of the Commissioners of Sewers, of an ancient Turn pike belonging to Sir William Wake; dated in the 34th Year of King Charles the Second, and that if this Turnpike should be destroyed, these and inrolled in the said Office, reciting, That at a Mills would be totally deprived of Water. . former Session of the Commissioners, the Jury of An-

Being cross examined, he said, That Mr.. Walton has noyances had presented. That the Turnpike in the a Weir that goes quite across the River, and thismight River Lee at being in Decay, ought to be re-

supply these Mills with Water through Thorogood built at the proper Costs of the right Owner thereof. Ditch; but that this is a FiiliingWeir, and only pen- whereupon all Parties were ordered to attend at the ned up in the Night, but he does not know why it next Session of the Commissioners, when it appeared, may not be penned up in the Day Time. that Sir Edward Denm/, in order to improve the Na-

Mr. Joseph Nicholls, an Engineer and Millwright, vigation of the River Lee, and the Trade of the Mar-said, he was employed in building these Mills, which ket and Neighbourhood of Waltham, and for continuing are Eleven in Number, and moved by Six Water- a sufficient Supply Of Water of the said River for the Wheels. Corn-Mills in aforesaid, did, about the Year

He confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Munns, m 1590, at his own Expence, make a new Cut through . relation to the Means of supplying these Mills with his Meadow Lands, a Mile in Length, and Thirty Water by Sir William Wake's Turnpike, which Work, Feet in Breadth, which took away above 20 Acres of or something similar, he said, was absolutely necessary Land; and at the Head of such new Cut, erected a for the working of thefe Mills; and that some fuchWork, Turnpike to pen tip the Water to such an Height, or the natural Bank of the River, must have penned as the said ancient Mills were sufficieutly supplied with up the Water here ever fmee Mr. Walton's Mills have Water, and yet letting the said Water, so penned, run existed, otherwise, they could not have been (applied through the said Turnpike by Flafties, as Occasion of with Water; and that a Turnpike, or Dam; may be the Barges required, by the Benefit whereof the Barges, made in tftis Place so low as to be of no Use to Mr. were enabled to carry above One hundred Quarters of Walton's Mills, and at the same Time enable Sir Mult in each Barge more than they could in going William's Mills to work. That at present this Turn- the old Channel, on which Account the Barge Mailers pike is absolutely necessary to be kept up for the Use paid Five Shillings a Barge for paffrtig the find Turn-of the Navigation, and consequently Mr. Walton is sure pike; and that the Turnpike had lately been puUed of a Supply of Water, which would not he the Cafe, if down, whereupon the- Commissioners, after taking a the intended Navigation should be carried, into Execu- View, decreed. That a Turnpike should be fortlnvitii tion, as this Turnpike would then be. no longer of Use rebuilt, and set up by the Persons to whom the Right for the Purpose of Navigation only. of the feme belonged, in the room of the former Tura-

ThatSir William Wake may use his own Mill, and- pike; and that the ancient Payment of Five Shillings at the same Time prejudice Mr. Walton; but this must a Barge, should be paid for every Barge passing the , also injure the Navigation greatly. fame, to the Owners or Tenants thereof; and that such

John Boddington, Esquire, Clerk to the Board of Owners or Tenants should not demand or take more-Ordnance, being examined, said. That, the Public may than Five Shillings-a Barge.

have great Supplies of Gunpowder from these Mills; They then produced an Act, made ijn the Thirteenth , that'Mr. Walton is the greajteft Contractor for Powder:- Year of Queen Elizabeth, which authorizes the Com-18 missioners

ie


Leave of Absence.

Ditto.

Redemption of certain Annuities*

7 Geo. III.' 15* Apr Up. 311

milSoners of Sewers, to act for the District wherein the Turnpike in Question hands.

They then offered Evidence to shew, That Five Shillings a Barge has been accordingly paid to Sir William Wake and Mr. Flayer; which the Counsel on the other Side admitted: And,

Mr. Smeaton, being a Iked, Whether Sir WillietmWake

could injure Mr. Walton's Mill* by takirfg away this Turnpike, without hurting his own? laid, That if Sir William 1 hould do any thing to the Prejudice of Mr. Walton’s Mills, his own must be prejudiced in proportion.

In support of the Allegations of the Petition of James Banvick;

Mr. Georgp Denfon, being examined, said, That Mr. Banvick’s Printing Grounds are supplied with Water from Sir William Wake's Turnpike, and that if this Turnpike Ihoukl be kept constantly shut, Mr. Barzoick’s Works could not be supplied with Water, and he would be obliged to remove them, which would not only be a great Loss to him, but to the whole Neighbourhood, as lie has expended Three or Four thousand Pounds in perfecting these Works; employs 100 Persons, and pays about £.2,000 a Year in Wages: He added. That within the last Seven Years, Mr. Barwick has paid upwards of £.25,000 to Government.

In support of the Petition of the Proprietors <5f Westham Water-Works;

Mr. George Stuart, being examined, said. That the Proprietors have laid out about £. 44,000 in bringing these Works to their present State.

Mr. Thomas Moreton, being examined, said, That

these Works supply at least 3,000 Families with Water at Bozo, Bromley, Siratf ord, Mil

and Places adjacent; and that they may be Hill'further extended, and that they have been of great Use in extinguishing several Fires.

Mr. Thomas Volt herd. Millwright to the said Works, informed your Committee, That he has seen the Plan of the proposed Navigation: That as the intended Cut will go out of the River above the Company’s Cut, it may deprive them of Water, so as to injure them materially, in case the Locks were to be left open through Neglect or Malice; but that if the Locks are properly constructed, and carefully used, the Loss of Water will be very inconsiderable.

Then the Counsel for these Petitioners, informed your C ommittee, That they only desire Provision may be made in the Act, to prevent the bad Co nit ruction, or Mifufage of the Locks.

Ordered, That Leave be give to bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford to the River Thames: And that Mr. Houblon, Mr. Byde, Mr. John Calvert, Mr.

Mr. Plummer, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Nicholson Sir

William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thurlozv, Mr. Cooke, Sir William Maynard, Sir Matthew Lamb, and Mr. Gascoyne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Herbert Lloyd have Leave tj go mto the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunburyhave Leave to go

to Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that, pursuant to their Orders to him on Monday last, he had signified by Writing, inserted in the London and affixed on the Royal Exch in London, upon the same Day, the Resolution of this House, of Monday lass, That the Remainder of the Capital Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum, granted in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in, artd cancelled, pursuant to an Act made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, will be redeemed.

Vet. 31.

fend paid off, oh the 15th Day of December next , after discharging the Interest then payable in respect of the fame; agreeable to the Powers of Redemption contained in the said Act: And also, the Resolution of the same Day* That One Fourth Part of the Capital Stock of Annuities, after rfhe Rate of Four*Pounds per Centum, established by an Act made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry, and for raising the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged oh the said Duties, w ill be redeemed, and paid oft', on the 5th Day of January next, after discharging the Interest then payable in respect of the fame; agreeable to the Clanfes and Powers of Redemption contained in the said Act.

The said Notices inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange, are as follow eth; viz.

A Resolution and Order of the House of Commons.

Luna:, 130 die Apr His, 1767.

Resolved, That the Remainder of the Capital Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum, granted in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in, and cancelled, pursuant to an Act made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, be redeemed, and paid off, on the 25th Day of December ter discharging the Interest then payable in respect of the fame.

Ordered,"That Mr. Speaker do forthwith give Notice, That the Remainder of the Capital Stock of Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum, granted in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in, and cancelled, pursuant to an Act made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, will be redeemed* and paid off, on the 25th Day of December next, after discharging the Interest then payable in refjieft of the feme, agreeable to the Powers of Redemption contained in the said Act.

Which Resolution and Order, thus signed and published by me, are to be sufficient Notice of the Repay- . ment of the Remainder of the principal Sum for which the said Annuities w ere establillied, and of the Redemption of the Remainder of the said Annuities.

14th Aprd 1767. J. Cujl, Speaker.

A Resolution and Order of the House of Commons.

Luiue, 1 °° die Aprilis, 1767.

Resolved, That One Fourth Part of the Capital Stoolf of Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum, established by an Act made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, a An Act for grant-"ing to His Majesty several additional Duties upon " Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Du-" ties updfr all Cider and Perry, and for raising the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand

Pounds by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be " charged on the said Duties," be redeemed, and paid off, on the 5th Day of January next, after discharging the Interest then payable in respect of the fame.

Ordered That Mr. Speaker do forthwith givo Notice,

That One Fourth Part' of the Capital Stock of Annuities* after the'Rate of Four Pounds per Centum, established, by an Act, made in the Third Year of Ills Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported

into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cider " and Perry, and for raising the Sum oflhree millions " Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities " and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties," will be redeemed, and paid off, on the 5th Day of January, next, after discharging the Interest then payablein ref|»Ct of the feme, agreeable to the Clauses and Powers of Roj demption contained in the said Act.

Which

313 . Aptilis." A. 1767.

Which Resolution and Order, thus signed and published by me, are to be sufficient Notice of the Repay ment of One Fourth Part of the Principal Sum for which the said Annuities were established, and of the Redemption of so much of the said Annuities as are attending on the said Fourth Part.

14th April 1767. Speaker.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and

Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

Sharpe’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Zftate. veiling a Messuage, and divers Lands, with the Appurtenances in the County of Hertford, Part offhe Eiiate comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Fane William Sharpe, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for pur-i chafing other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the' like Ules; to which the Lords desire* the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Soiid’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Mates, yelling several undivided Moieties, and other Parts, Shares, Hereditaments, and Premises, being Part of the Estate of John Bond, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, discharged of the Uses of their Marriage Settlement, and investing the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the same Settlement; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Leave of - Ordered, That the Lord hare Leave to go

Abfeace. into the Country, for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ditto. Ordered, That Sir Edward Baynlun have Leave to go to Bath for the Recovery of his Health.

Ditto. Ordered, That Mr. Praed have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Diuo. Ordered, That Mr. Aafrere have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Skelton ' The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Inclosure. , Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, and several Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Skelton, in the County of Cumberland-, And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be coiifcriitted to Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Montagu, Admiral Keppel, Mr.

Mr. Rdbinfon, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Calvert, Mr Mr. Parker, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mr.

celles, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Burt, Mr. Harris, Sir George Savile, Sir William Baker, Mr. Ifczvett, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Waller, Lord George S Roger Newdigate, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Nugent, Lord Lord

Sir Jofeplt Mawbey, Mr. Whately, Mr. Mr.f

Touchet; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Westmorland, Cumberland, Lincoln ',

Northumberland, Durham, York, Derby, and

ham :And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ways ' Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House and Means, to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1767, on the Two-Sevenths Ex-£ife, granted by an Act of Parliament, of the Fifth and

Sixth Years of the Reign of their late Ma jellies King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, for the Half Year then ended, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Disposition of the Monies, which appear by the said Account to be remaining in the Exchequer.

Ordered, That the Account of the Savings arising upon Grants for the Pay of several Regiments upon respited Pay, by Off-reckonings, and by Stoppages made for Provisions delivered to the Forces in North America, the West Indies, and at Minorca, to the 24th of December 1764, and by William Earl of Balance, as late Paymaster General of ilis Majesty’s Forces, and on the Vote of Credit 1762, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies remaining in the Hands of Edioard Sainl Esquire, late Pay-> mailer of the Pensions to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces and Marines, on the 24th oi December 1766, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies remaining in His Majesty’s Exchequer, disposable by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies remaining uniffued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia* for One Year, beginning the 25th Day o 176 6,

be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War, which was presented to the House upon the 7 th Day of March

1765, be referred to the said Committee.

prdered. That the Copy of a Convention between

His Majesty, and the Moll Christian King, concluded and signed at London the 27th of February *1765, and Translation, which were presented to the House upon, the 2 2d Day of March 1765, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, stated the 5th Day of April

1766, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, stated the 10th Day of October 17 66, be referred to the said Conun ittee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, stated the 5th Day of April 1765, and also Surplufes, stated the 1 otli Day of October 1765, which were presented to the House upon the 2 ill Day of January 1766, be. referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1766 has been dil-posed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 7th Day of April 1-767, and the Parts remaining

unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon; he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of Accounts of Sales q{ Lands in the ceded IflahAs, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales, the lft of

1765, which Was presented to the House upon the 24th Day of March 1766, be referred to ,the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Sales of Lands in the Islands of Dominica, Tobago, and Saint Vincent, in

1766, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Chip and Straw Hats imported into England, from 1759 to Christmas 1766; distinguishing each Year; be

referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity-of Linen Cloth, both plain and figured, imported into England, from Christmas 1759 to Christmas 1765; distinguisiiing each Year and each Species, and the Duties paid thereon, and the Places from whence the same have been imported; be referred to the said Committee.

’ ' Ordered,

7 Geo. III. 15° Aprilis. 313

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Linen Cloth, both plain and figured, imported into from Christmas 1759 to 1765; distinguidling

each Year and each Species, and the Duties paid thereon, and the Places from whence the same have been imported, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Foreign Linens imported into England, for Five Years, ending at Christmas 1765; distinguidling the severalSpecies imported in each Year, and the Duties paid on each Species respectively; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Foreign Linens exported from England, for Five Years, ending at Christmas 1765; distinguidiing the severalSpe-cies exported ih each Year, the Countries to which exported, and the Drawbacks paid on each Species respectively; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-inittee.

Mr; Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the Hotlfe, that he Was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the igth Day of this Instant resolve itself

Into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Mowgtave Mr. Onslow, according to Order, reported from the and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Seton enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance, in Fee Manors. Simple, of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, irt the County of York, demised to Constantine Phipps, Esquire, by Letters Patent under the Seal of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, unto the said Constantine Phipps, and John Constantine Phipps his eldest Son, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the fame, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cler-k’sTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

High Price The Order of the Day being read, for the House to of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Provisiona. consider further of the present high Price of Provisions;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-

night, the 29th Day of this Instant resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the tloufe Longitu*; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to _.^a[p^ons consider of the Report, which was iiiade from the Com- ime 'e*r* mittee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and others, interested in the Navigation and Commerce of these Kingdoms, was referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon the

28th Day of this Inllant April, resolve itself in the Ibid.Committed.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Tuesday the 48th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That Mr. Larkum Kendall do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Mudge do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr.----- Matthews do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas llarrifon do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a London Committee of the wlioje House, to consider further of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to coal Duties, whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Ludbroke took thcChair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee;

That they had come to several Resolutions- which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-mdrrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this Hoiil’e will, upon this Day Fort- High Price night, the 29th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself of Corn, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort- Supply, night, the 29th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into aCommittcc of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed, that Mr. Ibbetfon, Se- Greenwich cretary to the Commissioners Of Greenwich Hospital, at- Hospital. tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament.

Report of the Commissioners of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, of what Money has been received from the DenventivaterEil^te,between the 30th of November 1765 and the ill of D 1766; and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read-

The said Report is as followeth;

V

01.. 31.

4 h Itt

3*4

IS* Ap

A. 1767

In 6bedicnCe to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Dencenlwaterand Charles

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, to contract and " agree with able and suficient Tradesnten, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the . " said Royal Hospital in a workmanlike and substantial Manner, on the eaficft and most reasonable Terms, " according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons; and to lay their Proceedings therein befor* " His Majesty and both Houses of Parliament respectively

THE Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital do humbly Report us follotveth;

There has heen received between the 30th of November 1765 and ift of December 1766, out of the R.ent3

and Profits of the Estate;

£. s. J.

On account of the Annual Rents 4,042 10 6

On account of the Lead Mines..... 5,957 9 5i

£. 10,000-----

As to the Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

At the new Building for an Infirmary.

Building the Attick Stories, and putting on the Roofs of the North and South Buildings, finishing the Outside Cornices, Blocking and Chimney Shafts, turning Arches of the Cellars of the East and West Buildings, which Works have been brought to Account, and amount to the Sum of - 3>35i 9 4

The Ordinary Works; viz.

Repairing the Governor’s Apartment, and the Roof and Gutters over the ftiid Apartment, keeping in Repair the several Buildings, Courts, Roads, Furniture, Drains, Water-Pipes, making new Brewing Vessels, and mending some old ones, and other necelliiry Repairs for the Service of the Hospital, amount to the Sum of - - - 3,15127

£.6,506 11 11

Note, There has been paid by the Receivers, out of the Money arising from the Rents and Profits of the Estate, between 30th of November 1765 and 1 It of December 1766, on account of Repairs - - - j^-951 *5 H

1 j 1 in

By Order of the Commissioners,

In° ,

14th April 1767.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

7 Geo. III. 16a

Jovis, 160 die Ap;

Anno 7* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1767. Prayers.

Hill’s A/TR. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. _i.VjL the ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Leasehold Houses, late o{Hay dock Hill, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and converted into Money, to be applied, together with other Part of his personal Estate, for the Benefit of his Children entitled to the same by virtue of his Will; and for confirming a Sale, Leases, and Contract, made by his Widow and Executrix, of other Parts of his Ellate, for the Benefit of his i'aid Children; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Air. Sandy* do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sharpe’* An ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A# Estate. for veiling a Messuage, and divers Lands, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Hertford, Part of the Estate comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Fane William Sharpe, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the like Ul’cs, was read the Eirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Codbcck An ingross'ed Bill for making navigable a Brook called

Navigation. Codheck, from the River Stcato the Borough of 77

in the County of York,was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making navigable a Brook called Cod-beck, from the River Swale to the Borough of Thirsk, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Admiral Frankland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Rotherham A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting jn and Execution an A# made in the Fourteenth Year of King

HarttMF George the Second, for repairing the Road from Rother-oa"' ham, to 1lartcliffIlitl, in the Parish of in the County of York, and of several Gentlemen, Proprietors of Lands and Estates, and others, residing near the said Road, in Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill has been presented, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said A#; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that it is intended by the said Bill to enlarge the present Tolls upon the said Road; and representing to the House, that it will beagrievous Load upontheCountry, without the Profpc# of the lcall Benefit arising therefrom; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, as it now Hands, the same will be a very great Hard-fltip upon the Petitioners and others: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, so far as the same may affect them, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Tcrmand enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from , through the Parish

Vol. 31.

315

of Pcnifton, in the County of York, I9 Sailer's the County, of C/iefer; and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of York, to Hartcliff Hill, in the said Parish of Pcniston; so far as relates to the Road from Rotherham to Hartcliff'Hill-, was committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel,

Upon their said Petition, if they think fit

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition*

Mr. Heicett reported from the Committee, to whom Famdon the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, *"cl°furei ‘ Meadows, Failures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Famdon, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he. read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom Ancholme the Bill for the more effectual draining the Lands lying Drainage, in the Level of Ancholme, in the County of Lincoln; and making the River Ancholme navigable, from the River Humber, at or near a Place called Ferraby Sluice, in the County of Lincoln; to the Tow*n of (tlamford Briggs, and for continuing the said Navigation, up or near to the said River, from thence to Bishop Briggs, in the said County of Lincoln; wras committed; and to whom the Petition of Laurence Monck and George Forjler Tufncll, Esquires, Owners and Proprietors of Land, lying in the Level of Ancholme, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Twenty-seven Acres, who could not be found; and also except the Proprietors of 1,150 Acres, who, being applied to, refused to lign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Carrs and Low Grounds, in the said Level, amount to 18,669 Acres, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; w’hich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of Ground, Brovfe called Broyle Park, within the Manor of Ringmer, in Park

the County of Suffer, was read a Second Time. Inclosure,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Sackville, Mr. Fonn erean, Colonel Amherjt, Mr. Onslow,

Mr. Harley, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

tier, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Brand, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bull, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Whately,

Air. Harris, Sir William Owen, All*. Calvert, Mr. Campbell, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Paterson, All*. Bagot, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Parker, Admiral Frankland, Mr lelt. Lord Robert Bertie, Colonel , Air. llavett,

Mr.

t<$

16a Jpri

A. 1767-

Leave of

Absence.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Mowmve

arid

Setou

Manor*.

"Mr. Kynaston, Lord Br&uinhno Bertie, Mr. Whichtol j , That it is the Opinion of this Comihitlee,

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of That the Imposition of Six Pence/ter Chaldron, on every Suffer, Kent, and Surrey: and for the Cinque Ports: Chaldron of Coats, or Culm, and of Six Pence per Ton

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the on every Ton of Coals usually sold by the Ton; which. Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. by an Act made in the Fifth Year of the lleign of the

, , T, lC. ~, j n . t . late King and Queen intituled, An Act

Ordered, Th« SuEd'Card Dcring haveLeare to go for fh |e|jrf of ,)e Orphans, and other Creditors, of

into the Country for a Month, upon extraordmay lheCityofio»rfo«, wasglanted to llto Mayor and Com-Uccalions. monalty and Citizens of the said City, on all Sorts of

Ordered, That Mr. John Hamilton have Leave to g6 Coals and Culm, which should be imported into the Port into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary of the said City, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day

Occasions.

Ordered, That Colonel Campbell have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir William Meredith have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Lifter have Leave to ftav in the Country, on account of the Indifposition of his Lady.

An ingrafted Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of divers Manors, Lands,

of September, in the Year of onr Lord One thousand Seven hundred, for and during the Term of Fifty Years; and which, by an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the further Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the Cityof London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was further continued, for and during a Term of Thirty-five Years, from the Expiration of the said Term of Fifty Years, be continued and paid for and during the Term of Forty-six Years from the Expiration of the said Term of Thirty- five Years, and no longer.

Rifolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day

and Hereditmnents, in the County of York, demised to One thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-seven, all and Constantine Phipps, Esquire, by Letters Patent, under every the Manors, Messuages, Lairds, Teuements, Mas-of His Majesty s Court of Exchequer, imto the frets. Fairs, and the Duties thereof, and all other the c^an*, RC Ph?K an<? John Constantine Phipps his Revenues, of and belonging to the City of iu

eldeftSon, upon a full and adequate Consideration to Possession or Reversion, be charged with the full Yearly be paid for the fame, was read the 1 hu d Time. Sum Gf One thousand Five hundred Pounds (over and

Resolved, That the Bui do pals: And that the Title above the Yearly Sums of Eight thousand Pounds, and

Leave of Absence.

be, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, demiled to Constantine Phipps, Esquire, by Letters Patent under the Seal of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, unto the said Constantine Phipps, and Constantine John Phipps his eldest Son, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Adjournment

London

Paving;

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Sevennight, the

28th Day of this Instant April.

Two thousand Pounds, wherewith they now stand charged) towards paying the Iirterest, which shall be due to the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the said City, under the said Acts.

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon the Credit of the several Funds created, or continued, by the said Acts, and to be thus further continued and augmented, the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, be authorized to borrow and raise the Sum of One hundred and Fifty-six thousand Pounds, at an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum.

Rifolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Sum of One hundred and Fifty-six thousand Pounds, so to be borrowed and raised, be appro-

priated and applied in Manner following; that is to say, the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, Part thereof, towards redeeming the presentToIl upon Bridge;

Sir RoferLLactorafe,accordingtbOrder,reported front the Sum of Fifty-eight thousand Five hundred Pounds,

the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer-Coalc'utie rc<*to confide r of the Report, which was made from the 0 n Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of in

Common Council assembled, was referred; and to whom also it was referred to consider of the Petition of several of the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southioark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Pafi'ages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and several of the Inhabitants, Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, of the said Town, Borough, and Parts adjacent; and also the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts passed in the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing.

One other Part of the said Sum of One hundred and Fifty-six thousand Pounds, towards completing the Bridge now building cross the said River, from Black- Fryars, in the said City to the opposite Side, in the County of Surrey, and for making, or improving the Avenues thereto, (exclusive of Roads in the County of Surrey) and with such Cross Communication as shall be thought necessary; the Sum of Seven thoulaud Five hundred Pounds, One other Part of the said Sum of One hundred and Fifty-six thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of embanking the North Side of the said River, from the West Corner of Mr. Powell’s Wharf, near Puddle Dock, in the said Qity, to the East Comer of Mr. s Wharf, near Mil-

ford Lane, in the Liberty of the City of Westminskr, and towards creating a Fund for lighting, paving, watching, cleansing, and repairing, the said intended Bridge when finished; the Sum of Ten Thousand Pounds, One other Part of the said Sum of One hun-and lighting the City and Liberty of Westminster, and dred and Fifty-six thousand Pounds, towards defraying otherPiaces in the said Acts mentioned-.the Resolutions the Expence of putting the Royal Exchange, within

otherPiaces in the said Acts mentioned; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz, iS

the said City, into immediate and substantial Repair; and the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, Residue of the said Sum. of One hundred and Fifty-six thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Hixpence of taking down

the

7 Geo. III.

the Gaol of Xewgate, within the said City, and erecting or providing another Pril'on in lieu thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for making free the Passage over the said Bridge now building cross the River Thames, the Sum of One hundred and Forty-four thousand Pounds, raised and borrowed by virtue of, and under, an Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of the said late King George the Second, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Tham, from Black Fmars, in the City of London, to the 0](polite Side, in the County of Surrey,be charged upon the said Funds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That the Surplules, which have arisen, or shall hereafter arise, from the said Funds (after reserving so much as will be sufficient to pay the Interest of the said Sums of One hundred and Fifty-six thousand Pounds, and One hundred and Forty-four thousand Pounds; and of the Debt remaining due to the said Orphans, and other Persons, Creditors of the said City) shall, by the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, be applied in Manner following; that is to say, for and during the Space of Four Years, to be computed from the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, towards Payment of the Capital Debt due to the said Orphans, and other present Creditors, of the said City; and from and after the Expiration of the said Four Years, towards Payment of the said principal Sum of One hundred and Forty-four thousand Pounds; and, from and after Payment thereof, towards Payment of so much of the said Capita] Debt as shall then remain due, to the said Orphans, and other present Creditors of the said City; and from and after Payment thereof, towards Payment of the said Sum of One hundred and Fifty-six thousand Pounds.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards enabling the Commissioners for paving the Streets, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, to execute their Trust, the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, do, on or before the Twenty-ninthDayof September, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, deliver to the said Commissioners, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, One or more Bond or Bonds, under the Common Seal of the said City (the Number of such Bonds to be at the Option of the said Commissioners) for Payment to themofOne ormore Annuity or Annuities, not exceeding Eight hundred Pounds per Annum in the Whole, by equal Half-yearly Payments,theF»rll of such Payments to be made upon the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight; such Annuity, or Annuities, to be redeemable upon Six Mouths Not ice, and Payment of Onehundred Pounds for every Four Pounds thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards enabling the Commissioners for paving the Town and Borough of Southwark, to execute their Trust, the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, do, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, deliver to the said Commissioners, nr to their Treasurer for the Time being. One or more Bond or Bonds, under the Common Seal of the said City (the Number of such Bonds to be at the Option of the said Commissioners) for Payment to them of Oneor more Annuity or Annuities, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Four hundred and Eighty Pounds per Annum, by equal Hulf-yearly Payments, the First of such Payments to be made upon the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight; such Annuity or Annuities to be redeemable upon Six Months Notice, and Payment of One hundred Pounds for every Four Pounds thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, be reimbursed the Expence of such Bonds; and also all Monies which they shall expend in Payment and Redemption of the said Annuities, and the Fees and

VojL. 31.

317

Charges attending the procuring an Act of Parliament for the Purposes aforesaid, by, and out of, the net Pro1 dufce of such Tolls, as, by virtue of any Act of Parliament, or Prescription, shall, frdm and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, be payable for the Passage over Londorl Bridge, and for the Passage Over the said intended Bridge; after deducting the Charge of such Collection; the said Tolls td continue until such Reimburfoment, and nd longer.

The said ResolutidnS being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought lii Upon the said Resolutious: And that Sir Robert Ladoro^e, Mr.

son. Sir Richard Glyn, Mr. Alderman Mr.

Alderman Harley, Sir JosephMuwbey, Mr. add

Mr. Burrelli do prepare, and bring in; the fame.

Mr. Patctfon, According to Order; reported frdhi Ways the Committee of the whole Hdufe, td whom it was *nd referred to consider further Of Way arid Means for raising the Supply granted td His Majesty, the Refd-lutions which the Committee had directedhim to repost to the House; which he read in his. Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised in Manner following; that is to say, the Sum of Nine hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, to commenqe from the 5th Day of January lall, and the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds by a Lottery to consist of 60,000 Tickets, the Whole of such Sum to be divided into Prizes, which are to be attended with the like Three Pounds per Cent. Annuities, to commence from the 5th Day of January 1768; and that all the said Annuities be transferr’able at the Bank of England, paid Half-Yearly, on the 5th Day of July and the 5th Day of January, in every Year, out of the Sinking Fund, and added to and made Part of the Joint Stock of Three Pounds per Cent. Annuities, which werecon-folidated at the Bank of England, by certain Acts made in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and several subsequent Acts, and subject to Redemption by Parliament; that every Contributor towardsthe saidSum of Nine hundred thousand Pounds shall, in respect of every Sixty Pounds agreed by him to be contributed for raising such Sum, be entitled to receive Four Tickets in the said Lottery; upon Payment of Ten Pounds for each Ticket; and that every Contributor shall, on or before the 29th Day of April next, make a Deposit with the Cashiers of the Bank of England, of f. 20 per Centum, in Part of the Monies so to be contributed towards the said Sum of Nine hundred thousand Pounds, and also a Deposit of 5 per Centum, in Part of the Monies so to be contributed in respect of the said Lottery, as a Security for making the respective future Payments to the said Cashiers, on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say.

On the £.900,000.

£.10 per Cent, ou or before the 27th Day of May next.

£. 10 per Cent, on or before the 26th Day of ^fitne next

£. 15 per Cent, on or before the 27th Day of August uext.

£.15 per Cent, on or before the 2 5 th Day of September next.

£.15 per Cent, ou or before the 30th Day of October

next

£. 15 per Cent, on or before the i7thDay of November

next.

*M,

l 6° rfprilis.

Ways a-J Means.

518 16° Apr ills. A. 1767*

On the Lottery for 600,000.

£. 23 per Cent, on or before the tOth Day of June

next.

3° Per Cent.on or before the 28th Day of July next.

£. 40 /xr Cent, on or before the 1 ith Day of September next.

And that all the Monies so received by the said Cashiers be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament; and that every Contributor who shall pay in the Whole of his Contribution towards the said Sum of Nine hundred thousand Pounds, at any Time on or before the 27th Day of October next, or towards the said Lottery on or before the 24th Day of July next, shall be allowed an Interest, by way of Discount, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the Sums so completing his Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the fame, to the 17th Day of November next, in respect of the Sum paid on account of the said Nine hundred thousand Pounds, and to the nth Day of

September next, in respect of the Sum paid on account of the said Lottery.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Three Pence per Ell be laid upon all Linen Cloth, or Sheeting, above One Yard

Engli/hin Width, which shall be imported into this

Kingdom, except from Holland and Flanders.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion -of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Three Pence per Ell be laid upon all Earn al's Drilling, which shall be imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties be carried to the Sinking Fund, towards making good to the same the Payments to be made thereout of the Annuities attending the said Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the additional Duties upon Bast, or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats, and Bonnets, and upon Platting, or other Manufacture, of Bast, or Straw, Chip, Cane, or Hbrfe-hair, to be used in, or proper for, making of Flats or Bonnets, imported into any Port or Place in this Kingdom, granted to His Majesty in this Session of Parliament, be also carried to the said Fund, towards making good the said Payments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Four hundred Sixty-nine thousand One hundred and Forty-seven Pounds Fourteen Shillings and One Halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1767, for the Disposition of Parliament,

of the Monies which had then aril'en of the Surplufes, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, compoling the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Two millions Ten thousand One hundred and Twenty-one Pounds Ten Shillings and Three Pence Halfpenny, out of such Monies as shall oc may aril’e of the Surplufes, Excclles, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues compoling the said Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Thirty-live thousand Two hundred and Two Pounds Nine Shillings and Two Pence, also remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament. v-.Re/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Sixty-otK? thousand Five hundred and Seventy-one Pounds, 14

Thirteen Shillings and Tin ee Pence Farthing, out of the Savings arising upon (bants for the Pay of l’everal Regiments upon relpited Pay, by Oil-reckonings, and by Stoppages made for Pro'ilions delivered to the Forces in North America, the West Judies, and at

norca, to the Twenty-fourth Day One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four, and received of William Earl of Chatham, formerly P.iymatter General of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Balance remaining over and above the Monies found neee.ssary to he applied for defraying the Expences of the Forces in former Years; and also out of the Sum of One Million, granted in the Second Year of His Majesty’s Reign, on Account, to enable Him to defray extraordinary Expences of the War, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two, and to allill the Kingdom of Portugal, and for other Purposes, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the extraordinaryExpences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred to the Third Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, and not provided for ' by Parliament.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, out of such Monies remaining in the Hands of Edivanl Sainthill, Esquire, as were iftfued to him for the Relief and Maintenance of the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces and Marines, who died in the Service, the Sum of Seven thousand Eight hundred and Forty-four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Nine Pence, he paid into the Hands of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, and be also applied towards making good the Supply granted to 1 Iis Majesty, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred to the Third Day of February One thousand Sevan hundred and Sixty-seven, and not provided for by Parliament.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Ten thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, after the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, and on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight, of the Produce of all or any of the Duties and Revenues, which, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, have been directed to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, towards defraying the necessary Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the British Colonies and Plantations in America, he applied towards making good such Part of the Supply as hath been granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Neu/ounand the ceded Islands, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That such of the Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, after the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, and on or before the Fifth Day of AprOne thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight, of the Produce of the Duties charged by an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth Year of Ill's present Majesty’s Reign, upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega, and Gum Arabic, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, which was granted to His Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-iix, be applied towards

railing

7 Geo. III. 16° Jprilis. 319

railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, in this Mr. Suley, Storekeeper at the Victualling Office, who Session of Parliament. also attended the grinding and dressing the Wheat,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, baking the Bread, and weighing the Bread, both that That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Eighty- Day and the Day following;, and the Witnesses laid, one thousand Pounds, of the Monies agreed to be paid that such particular Care was taken in making these by a Convention between His Majesty and the French Experiments, that they would verify the same upon King, concluded and signed at London, the Twenty- Oath, if required.

seventh Day of February One thousand Seven hundred Eor the Rel’ult of these Experiments, they referred

and Sixty-five, for the Maintenance of the late French your Committee to an Account which was presented Prisoners of War, be applied towards making good the to this House, the 18th Day of February lull, and Supply granted to His Majesty. which was referred to this Committee.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Stephens further said, That from all the Accounts That the Sum of Eighty-four thousand Six hundred that he has seen, the Quantity of Bread produced from and Four Pounds Three Shillings and Three Pence, a Quarter of Wheat is much underftated by the Act of remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the King George the Second; that it appears from the Ex-Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and periment made; that a Quarter of Wheat produced Sixty-seven, of the Two-Sevenths Excise, granted by 3^5&oz. of Flour, from which, allowing 14 of an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth and Sixth Flour to a Peck Loaf, agreeable to the said Act, the Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Maty, Result will be about Twenty-seven Peek Loaves and after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances an Half, each weighing when baked 17 6oz. from thereupon, for the Half Year then ended, be carried this he deducts 80 2 of Bran from the Wheat,

to, and made Part of, the Aggregate Fund; and that and speaks of Bread made from the whole Produce of the said Fund be made a Security for the Discharge of the Wheat, the Bran only taken' out.; and he thinks such Annuities, and other Demands, payable out of that this would make good wholesome Bread, which the said Sum, as the growing Produce of the said Two- would eat very well at a Week old; but it a little more Sevenths Excise shall not be sufficient to answer. Bran was taken out, he thinks the Bread would be

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second ,nore nourishing, and more pleating to the Taste, and Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, that this would enhance the Price very little, agreed to by the House. This Evidence was confirmed by all the Commis-

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in upon the sioners, and Mr. added, that he thinks the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Paterson, Mr. Chan- Bakers Profit too small on the coarse, and too great cellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Thomas on the finer Bread.

Taumjhend, Junior, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Mr. Attorney They likewise produced Three Species of Bread, to-

General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Cooper,.do gether with an Account of the Produce of Three Quar-prepare, and bring in, the fame. ters of Wheat made into these Three different Sorts of

Bread, and the Charge of manufacturing the fame, and Bread The Lord Can/sfortreported from the Committee, a Computation of the Colt of a Quartern Loaf of each Assize. - appointed to coiifider an Act made in the 31st Year of Sort of Bread, calculated from the Price of Wheat from his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 32 to 54 r. per Quarter, which Account is hereunto " An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regu- annexed.

"late the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Mr. John Atwell, the Baker to the ViduaMing Office " Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread;" at Chatham, being examined, said, he attended the and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; baking of this Bread, and Mr. being again exa-That the Committee had considered the same accord- mined, said. That he attended the grinding and dressing ingly; and had come to several Resolutions, which the Flour, and the making the Bread, mentioned in they had directed him to report to the House; and he tllis Account, and likewise the weighing the Corn be-read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deliver- fore it was ground; and both the Witnesses said, that ed it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was the Experiments were made with so much Care, and read; and is as followeth; viz. the Charge of manufacturing so strictly true, that they

Your Committee, in order to form their Judgment, would swear to the Truth of this Account, compared the Assize Tables in the said Act, with the These Three Sorts of Bread appeared to your Com-Assize Tables in the Act of the Eighth Year of the mittee to be good wholesome Bread, and that from Reign of Queen Anne, by w’hich it appears, that the which 100 lb. of Bran and Pollard was taken, seems to same Species of Bread is dearer by One Eighth by the your Committee to be the most proper Sort of Bread new Table than by the old Table. for common Use.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine Tyring- Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to ham Stephens, George Marsh, and Jonas Hanzoay, the following Resolutions.

Esquires, Commissioners for victualling His Majesty’s Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Navy; who said, that they had compared the said That One Species of Bread only be allowed to be made Tables, and found the same Dilference. for Sale for general Consumption.

Being alked as to the Prices of Beef, Pork, and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* Wheat, bought at the several Ports o f London, Ports-That all other Sorts of Bread except Household, made mouth, Plymouth, Chatham, and Dover, for victualling or baked for Sale, shall be made and fold under Li-His Majesty’s Navy for 21 Years, they referred your cences from any Mayor, Justice, or other Magistrate, Committee to an Account which was presented to *° be granted for that Purpose.

this House the Fourth Day of December lait, and which Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

was referred to this Committee. That it will be a present Relief to the Poor, if the Table

They likewise informed your Committee, That the fixing the Price and Assize of Bread in the Act of the Board, by Order of this House, had given Directions 31st of George the Second, were altered to the Table to their Officers to make Experiments how much Bread of Assize which was established by an Act of the Eighth could be made from a Quarter of Wheat, which Ex- ^ear of Queen Anne. periments Mr. Hanway himself attended, together with

Vol. 31.

Appendix,

320

16* April is.

A. 1767.

APPENDIX

Victualling Office, 6th 1767.

As ACCOUNT of the Number and Weight of Quartern Loaves of Bread, made from Three Quarters of Wheat of 59 Pounds to the Bushel, ground, drelTcd, and baked, at His Majesty’s Bakehoul'e at the licdhvufe. From the First Quarter of which Wheat were taken 80 Pounds of Bran and Pollard; and from the Second Quarter, go Pounds of Bran and Pollard; and from the Third Quarter, 100 Pounds of Bran and Pollard, that were not made into Bread: Also an Account of the Charges of manufacturing the fame, and a Table of the Cost of a Quartern Loaf of each of the said Three Sorts of Bread. Prepared by Directions of the Committee of the Honourable House of Commons, appointed to consider the Act made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and regulating the Price and Assize thereof, S'c.

Wheat weighing 59 lb, to the Bushel. Bran and Pollard taken from each Quarter and nor made into Bread. Quartern Loaves produced from each Quarter, allowing 3I Pounds of Flour to a Quartern Loaf.

r lour from each Quarter made into Bread. N\ Weight.

/ W’hilft hoU N The Day after baked.

Pounds. Ounces. Pounds. Ounces.

1 ft Quarter. 80 Pounds. 391 Pounds. 112 487 15 479 1

2d Quarter. 90 Pounds. 381 Pounds. 109 485 14 477 15

3d Quarter. 100 Pounds. # 371 Pounds. 106 >*> cc 4 466 5 . — 1.

Charges of Manufacturing One Quarter of Wheat.

Met age and Porterage Grinding and drafting Salt

Yealt -

Coals -

Faggots

Bakers and Labourers Wages

o o 5

0 0 7 k

003

0 1 5i

1

Deduct therefrom, for such Parts of the First Quarter of Wheat as were not made into Bread; viz.

Coarse Pollard - - - 0 0 5f

Bran - - - - 017

Net Charge of Manufacturing the First Quarter of Wheat

Charges of Manufacturing a Quarter of Wheat, as before

Deduct therefrom, for such Parts of the Second Quarter of Wheat as were not made into Bread; viz.

Fine Pollard o o i

Coarse Ditto - - 007

Bran.....017

Net Charge of Manufacturing the ‘Second Quarter of Wheat

Charges of Manufacturing a Quarter of Wheat, as before

Deduct therefrom, for such Parts of the Third Quarter of Wheat as were not made into Bread; viz.

Fine Pollard -00

Coarse Ditto - -- -00

Bran o 1

5*

7*

7i

Net Charge of Manufacturing the Third Quarter of Wheat

£ s- d-o o 2 2

o 2 9i 1 2$

066*

4 5

o 6 6i

o a 4I

042

o 6

8*

o 3 io£

A Tail®

7 Geo. Ill

16° Apri

321

A TAB L E of the Cost of a Quartern Loaf of the Three afore-mentioned Sorts of Bread,

when Wheat is at the respective Prices therein expressed; computed from the Prices of the Wheat, and the Charges of manufacturing the fame.

When Wheat is Cost of the Quartern Loaf, v-

( From Wheat out of which 80 Pounds of Bran and Pollard has been taken. From Wheat out of which 90 Pounds of Bran and Pollard has been taken. A From Wheat out of which 100 Pounds of Bran and Pollard has been taken.

( per Quarter, or 1 per BuflieJ.

r Pence. Farthings. Hundred Parrs of a Farthing. r Pence. Farthings. > Hundred Parts of a Farthing. r Pence. Farthings. A Hundred Parts of a Farthing.

s. d. s. d.

32 ~ 4 — 3 3 62 3 3 91 4 — 23

31 — 4 3 4 — 48 4 — 80 4 I 14

36 — 4 6 4 1 33 4 1 68 4 2 04

38 - 4 9 4 2 *9 4 2 56 4 2 95

40 — 5 — 4 3 °5 4 3 44 4 3 85

42 — 5 3 4 3 ' 91 5 — 33 5 — 76

44 — 5 6 5 — 76 5 1 21 5 I 66

46- 5 9 5 1 62 5 2 °9 5 2 57

48 - 6 — 5 2 48 5 2 97 5 3 48

50 — 6 3 5 3 33 5 ' 3 y CO 6 — 38

52 — 6 6 6 — *9 6 — 73 6 I 29

54 — 6 9 6 1 05 6 1 61 6 2

Jat Wallace. Jonas Ila

Ro‘ Pelt. T. Stephens.

George Marsh.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Tleport; together with the Account of the Quantity, Quality, and Species, of "Wheat and Flour, of which the Bread supplied to the Ships in Ordinary of His Majesty’s Navy is made, with the Charges of manufacturing the fame, and the Produce thereof by the Quarter, dated at the Standard Weight of W’heat, in the Contracts made by the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty’s Navy, and according to the Prices of such Wheat, from 32 to 54 Shillings per Quarter, distin-guithing each Article of the said Charge; and also, the Account of the Medium Prices given for Beef, Pork,

and Wheat, bought at the Ports of London,

Plymouth, Chatham, and Dover, for victualling His Majesty’s Navy, for Twenty-one Years, from the ill of January 1745 to the ill of January 1766; diltin-guishing each Port and each Year; also the Medium Price of each Species, for the said Twenty-one Years, for each Port, together with the Medium Prices for the fame, for all the Ports; which were referred to the said Committee; be printed, as shall be sufficient for the use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 31.

4N

London,

O

i 6°A

A 1767

5aa

London, Victualling-Oflice, 17 th February 1767*

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity, Quality, and Species of Wheat and Flour, of which the Bread supplied to the Ships in Ordinary of His Majesty’s Navy is made, with the Charges of manufacturing the fame, and the Produce thereof, by the Quarter, stated at the Standard Weight of Wheat in the Contracts made by the Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty’s Navy, it not being in the Power of the said Commissioners to ascertain the medium Weight of Wheat, and according to the Prices of such Wheat, from 32 Shillings to 54 Shillings per Quarter, distinguishing each Article of the said Charge. Prepared in pursuance of an Order of the Honourable I Ioufe of Commons of the 3d Inilant.

The Wheat bought for making of the Bread supplied to the Ships in Ordinary of His Majesty’s Navy is of the same Species and Quality as that which is bought for making of Biscuit for His Majesty’s Sea Service, very good found fwcet prime English Wheat, clean and without Mixture of Rivets, weighing 59 Pounds per Bulliel; and the Flour from which the said Bread supplied to His Majesty's Ships in Ordinary is made, is the whole Produce of the said Wheat; the Short Bran, commonly called Pollard, and the Broad Bran excepted. And the Charge of manufacturing the fame, and the Produce thereof, per the Quarter stated from the said Sort of Wheat, are as follows; viz.

Whut weighing 59 Pounds to the Bushel.

Flour being the whole Quantity produced from i Quarter of Wheat the Short Bran (of PMUrd) and the Broad Bran excepted.

Quar-

ters.

Bush«ls.

Pounds.

3&5

Ounces.

Bread made from the whole Quantity of Flour produced from One Quarter of Wheat weighed.

Bran Broad and Short (or Pollard) produced from One Quarter of Wheat.

The Day it was

Pounds.

518

Ounces.

The Day after it was baked.

Pounds. Ounces.

505

10

Pounds.

Ounces.

80

Chakce of manufacturing One Quarter of Wheat into Bread to be supplied to His Majesty’s Ships in Ordinary; distin-guiftring the Particulars of the said Charge.

Metage and Porterage Grinding the Corn Dressing the Meal -

'Salt - -Yeast - -

M

£ s-o o

o 1

o o

Coals Bakln6\ Wood

I:

Baker’s Wages Labourer’s D*

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

0

1 I

o

d.

6i

l\

5*

6|

2*

7k

2}

5

o 6 ii|

Abate for Value of Bran -Ashes ..

- o

3f

Scraping of Troughs -001

oa 5

Net Charge

o 4

Ax

o

7 Geo. Ill

16° /Iprilis.

323

An ACCOUNT of the Value of the Bread supplied to His Majesty’s Ships in Ordinary, that may be produced from a Quarter of Wheat of the aforesaid Quality and Weight, stated from the aforegoing Expence of manufacturing the same according to the different Prices of Wheat, from 3a Shillings to 54 Shillings per Quarter.

The Price of Wheat per Quarter. The Value of the Bread supplied to His Majesty’s Ships in Ordinary, that may be produ C i from a Quarter of Wheat. The Price of Whiat per Quarter, The Value of the Bread supplied to His Majesty’s Ships in Ordinary, that may be produced from a Quarter of Wheat. The Price of Wheat per Quarter. The Value of the Bread supplied to His Majesty’a Ships in Ordinary, that may be produced from a Quarter of Wheat.

S. d. S. d. s. d. s. d. s. d.

32 — 36 H 39 6 44 -b 47 — 6i

32 3 36 9b 39 9 44 3b 47 3 51 9

32 6 37 40 — 44 6b 47 6 52 ~~b

32 9 37 3b 40 3 44 9b 47 9 52 3 b

33 — 37 6* 40 6 45 -b 48 - 52

33 3 37 9% 40 9 45 3 b 48 3 52 9 b

33 6 38 ~b 41 — 45 6b 48 6 53 — i

33 9 38 3 b 41 3 45 9b . 48 9 53 3 b

34 — 38 6* 41 6 46 -b 49 — 53 H

4 3 38 9b 41 9 46 3 b 49 3 53 9

34 6 39 - b 42 — 46 6 b 49 6 54 ~b

34 9 39 3 b 42 3 46 9b 49 9 54 3

35 — 39 H 42 6 47 -b 50 — 54* 6

35 3 39 9b 42 9 47 3b 50 3 54 9 b

35 6 40 -b 43 — 47 6b 50 6 55 — b

35 9 40 3b 43 3 47 9b 5° 9 55 3

36 ~ 40 n 43 6 48 -b — 55

36 3 40 9b 43 9 48 3b 5i 3 55 9 b

36 6 41 -b 44 — 48 6b 51 6 56 ~b

36 9 41 3b 44 3 48 9b 5i 9 56 3

37 — 41 6 44 6 49 -b 52 — 56 6*

37 3 41 9* 44 9 49 3 b 52 3 56 9

37 42 — i 45 — 49 6 b 52 6 57 ~b

37 9 42 3 b 45 3 49 9b 52 9 57

38 - 42 *b 45 6 5° -b 53 ~ 57

38 3 42 9 b 45 9 5° 3 b 53 3 57 9

38 6 43 -b 46 — 5° 6b 53 6 58 ~b

00 CO 43 3b 46 3 50 9b 53 9 58 3

39 — 43 6b 46 6 51 ~b 54 — 58 6*

39 3 43 9b 46 9 5i 3b

James Wallace. Robert Pitt. T. Stephens. Jonas Hanicay.

George Marsh. James For trey.

Vol. 34.

London, Victualling-Oflice, the 3d December 176G.

An ACCOU X T of the medium Prices given for Buck, Pork, and Wheat, bought at the Ports of London, Porifmouth, Plymouth, Chatham, and for

Victualling His Majesty’s Navy for Twenty-one Years; viz.from the ift of January 1745 to the ift of January 17 66 -, distinguishing each Port and each Year: Also the medium Price of each Specie for the said Twenty-one Years for each Port j together with the medium Prices for the same for all the Ports.

o

(Q

r — d

n'

CD

Cl

O"

vC

o

0

0

0

FT

LONDON.

Beet,

Pork,

Wheat,

( A f V

Cwt. of 112 Pounds. per Pound. per Cwt. of 112 Pounds. per Pound. per Quarter.

>N c rt c«

Year. V) 0 Cl, c V a. cc 0 £ a. d 'j c a. Farthings. O <4 fcO c c n ' — Cm " _ u ri to d V c. to 1 d G a. a c 1 u. 112th Pans of Farthing. '2 V) 8 c £ to c 2

1745 20 1 2 4 2 O 7* 12 II I 2 r 45 *3 10 2

1746 23 6 O 2 2 8 24 5 I 2 . 2 53 33 10

*7 47 2 I 9 O 2 I 36 23 11 O 2 2 28 29 5 3

1748 27 3 i 2 3 79 24 4 O 2 2 48 29 X I 1

*749 21 3 t 2 1 12 *4 1 O 2 2 56 29 10 1

1750 20 6 X 2 0 90 22 6 O 2 I 7* 28 8 1

*751 21 2 f 2 1 |o *7 8 2 2 3 98 30 10 2

17^2 IS 6 i I 3 106 29 6 O 3 0 7* 3* 8 1

17 c3 *9 0 i 2 0 16 26 9 O .2 3 5a 34 3 2

*754 23 2 i 2 X l07 30 1 2 3 0 102 26 6 0

1755 22 O 2 1 49 33 3 2 3 2 30 25 0 1

17^6 22 4 A -4 2 1 65 33 5 0 3 2 36 36 2 0

17 57 23 6 O 2 2 8 35 1 3 3 3 7 49 9 0

758 24 8 i 2 2 65 4* 1 1 4 I 69 37 10 2

*759 25 0 i 2 2 81 35 10 3 3 3 43 28 7 0

j 700 20 2 i 2 0 7S 29 2 2 3 0 5* 29 3 0

7761 22 4 i 2 1 66 31 6 0 3 1 5 26 X 2

1762 1763 *9 20 4 4 0 X ’I 2 2 0 0 32 82 3* 0 3 0 0 0 3 0 1 0 92 0 33 0 7 0 0 0

j;6+ 2 r 1 1 2 1 6 45 2 0 4 3 4° 41 17 0

1765 22 9 2 1 86 40 3 0 4 1 28 45 7 0

Medium of the c £ his c Shillings. c c V 0, M C j5

Above Twenty- \ one Y ean Shillings d 0 c £ u. O n &, d u G a. £ n iU Parts of a Far]; d u c u 9k tt «♦. c in 1 d U 1 £ £ i/i ~ 5 i u- 0 1 1 to u e £ tJJ .3 c

for each 26 448 44 1 IX

Port. 21 11 2 I 30 7 44* 3 1 14 1 12 32 8 X

PORTSMOUTH.

Beef,

per Cwt. of 112 Pounds.

20

21

22

24

22 18 18 18 20

20 24

23

23 *4

24

22

22

21 22 20 21

7,1

10

11

5

4 8

5

3

xi

4 x

6 ix

4

5 3

3 9 8 2

4

5

pit Pound.

Pork,

10

44

£ £ u.

I04

44 7* 48

82

103

92

>5

82

70

57

31

3

53

45

63

87

33

57

81

23

S C £*2

43

1IX

/rr Cwt. of 112 Pounds.

per Pound.

*4

*5

*5

*4

o

o

o

o

o

29

34

34

o

39

38

29

29

o

o

o

0

cn

30

C

01 to e a £ -5

x

U3

448

46

94

9o

48

o

o

o

o

o

48

68

88

o

86

44

66

48

o

o

o

o

t £ u

107

112

Wheat,

per Quarter.

c

0

34

29

28

28

29 33

35 33

25

26

37

49

36

27

3*

27

31 o

39

42

3'3

O

4

3

n

4

4 10

6

6

ix

9

7

5 S 2

xi

5

o

o

5

7

.s

o

o

3

3

2

0 2

1

3

3

2

2 o o

3 o

0

1

o

o

o

Os

o

h

g.

<1

os

<1

C

r-

o

0

o

PLYMOUTH. CHATHAM . DOVER.

( Bz EF, PORK, Wheai 9 f " Be-£F, "1 1 Beef, P0RK» Wheat, > I

per of 11: Cwt. Pou nds. per Pound. per Cwt. of 112 Pounds. 1 per Pound. per Quarter, r Cwt, of 112 Pounds. 1 per Pound. r ! perCivt. of 112 Pounds. per Pound. per Gwt. of 112 Pounds. Pound. Quarter.

re Cm re re Vw re re

Yeah. i x CO u u w to a X C £ 0 c u a. t* C £ O £ ? n — c d vi to c la CO O 0 C cl to c u re Cl 0 0 e u CL l/> W c re u, O £ to £i _ u — re 5 x N & c 15 CO 0 C £ A to c u £ VI to G Jz CO «J U e £ to G X s u. 0 0 a £ & G I u. 0 2 to si £ S re Cl t 3 CO & c & a G IS re u« i u 1 in to C , 15 £ 3 XL c* re -g is 3 & Q CO 8 S CL (A to c IS re U, V u c u CL eo c re CL u. c V G re G SL ~ -g re re Cl «A tn c CO 0 c u CL A to c re U

174? 1746 18 0 0 I 3 80 >9 9 O 2 O S* 33 3 0 24 1 I 2 2 37 21 6 0 2 1 24 0 O O O O O 20 7 2

20 2 1 2 0 73 22 3 O 2 I 60 39 7 2 23 6 I 2 2 9 22 X 1 2 1 53 Si 0 0 0 O O O O 0 0

1747 >7 48 T +J / 1 20 9 2 2 0 102 22 3 O 2 I 60 3* 5 3 2 I 0 I 2 1 1 22 0 3 0 1 0 0 0 O O O 27 6

23 5 1 2 2 5 0 0 0 O a 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 O 0 24 . 4 2 2 2 5° 0 0 0 O O O 26 2 3

1749 >7?o *75' .1752 17 > 3 *7?4 '7?? *756 1757 1758 *759 1760 j 761 1762 1763 1764 1765 *5 9 0 1 2 84 0 0 0 O 0 0 3° 6 0 0 0 0 0 O 0 20 0 2 0 104 a 0 O O O O O 0 o*

J4 0 2 I 2 26 0 0 0 O 0 0 30 1 0 0 0 0 0 O 0 19 10 2 2 0 5* 0 0 0 O O O O 0 0

14 8 1 1 2 33 22 2 O 2 1 56 34 6 0 0 0 0 0 O 0 19 4 0 2 0 J 32 0 0 - O O O O O 0 0

17 18 0 2 I 3 58 24 2 2 2 2 42 36 1 1 O 0 0 0 O 0 19 11 i 2 0 61 0 0 0 O ' O O O 0 0

0 2 I 3 82 26 5 O 2 3 36 38 6 2 O 0 0 0 O 0 23 0 2 2 1 98 0 0 0 O O O a 0 0

20 8 2 2 0 98 26 5 O, 2 3 36 30 11 1 O 0 0 0 0 0 2 3 7 1 2 2 13 0 0 0 0 0 O 0 0 0

22 6 2 2 1 74 30 ir 0 3 1 28 28 1 2 O 0 0 0 0 0 2S 4 0 2 2 96 33 6 O 3 2 40 ‘ 24 11 2

23 5 2 2 2 6 29 4 O 3 0 64 38 1 3 O 0 0 0 O 0 24 0 2 2 2 34 3* 4 O ’ 3 I 48 34 8 3

23 16 4 8 0 2 2 0 28 8 O 3* 0 32 53 3 3 O 0 0 0 O 0 23 5 2 2 2 6 0 0 0 0 0 O 53 0 0

3 2 3 51 32 6 O 3 1 104 40 8 2 O 0 0 0 O 0 24 9 1 2 2 69 42 0 O 4 2 O 29 4 0

27 S O 1 2 3 85 31 8 0 3 1 64 3° 3 0 0 0 0 0 O 0 23 1 x 2 1 101 32 0 a 3 I 80 2 7 9 0

24 & 8 0 2 2 64 28 7 0 3 0 28 34 0 2 O 0 0 0 O 0 22 2 2 2 1 58 30 7 2 3 I 14 3° 9 X

*4 20 16 19 20 0 2 2 64 23 6 0 2 2 8 10 0 0 0 0 0 O 0 22 0 x 2 1 49 31 11 2 3 - I 7® 27 5 3

2 2 2 0 74 0 0 0 0 0 0 36 0 1 O 0 0 0 O 0 l9 6 0 2 0 40 0 0 0 0 0 O 33 6 3

11 4 7 2 0 2 X 2 2 3 0 0 30 3* 94 0 0 3* 0 0 5 0 0 0 0 0 3 0 0 1 0 0 52 0 0 43 0 0 9 0 0 2 O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 ° 1 22 23 24 2 11 2 1 0 0 2 2 2 1 2 2' 15 4«> 0 0 0 0 0 0 . 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 O O O O a 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

Medium of the above Twenty-one Years V i S> 55 0 0 c £ o' £ r* Vm O tr> t; re Or d 0 u a. to .£ u. bO C to *3 re < £ u. re 0 I u 0 £ CL ►» c S CL re u. 0 g re d u e U CL <4 to 15 E re Cl u c v V r re Cl re 'o to c 1 CO u 0 c £ to c 5 u« & e CO u 0 c u CL Parts of a Penny- 8 S CL in to X u re Cl Parts of a Farthing. to X I CO tT 0 1 Parts of a Penny, d u. c 0 CL &. c 1c t: re U* Parts ! of a Farthing, & s I 4 CO «S: 0 c £ ' I re- s s re CL 1 i £ w to G 2 t: re U* to .£ s| £ u. re 4m c & , E H X CO d u a - £ / X e .« U.

for each 357 448 4* in 160 44*

Port. 20 7 0 O _95_ Hi 26 8 14 448 2 3 35 6 3 22 IO 11} 448 2 I 90 112 22 5 2 I *9 1».X 33: 6 3« 44* 3 2 43 112 30 6 2

Medium

9

j iJLc.t1 & wenry-une oiiuiLu^b tiiiir i cncc a aris oi a x cnny jl/l/ j

Pork at Thirty Shillings and Three-pence Parts of a Penny Ilundre

{"Wheat at Thirty-two Shillings and Eleven Pence Half-penny per Quarter:

t (of 112 Pounds) or Two-pence rnrts of a Penny per: Pounds) or Three-pence Parts of a Penny per Pound.

7a' Wallace.

o

W

o

Ov

32<S — 28

Ordered, That the Ea India Company do lay before this House, Copies of a Letter from Mr. Francis Sykes, who was appointed by the Select Committee of the Council at Calcutta to superintend the Revenues, dated at Mootygil, in October or November 1765, inclosing the Settlement of the Revenues, and addressed to the Governor and Select Committee of the Council at Calcutta.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House, Copy of a Letter from Mr. Sykes, dated February 1766, from Mootygil, addressed to the Governor and Select Committee of the Council at,

respecting the Revenues and the Province of Bahar.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House, Copy of a Letter from the President and Council of Fort Saif it George, respecting the Northern Sircars, received by the Admiral Focock in 1766.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House, Copy of Inl'truCtions of the Select Committee of the Council at Calcutta, to Lord Clive, dated the 2 lft June 1765, on his going up to settle the Terms of a General Peace.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House, Copies of Letters from General Camac, to the Select Committee of the Council at Calcutta, in May and June 1765.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House, Copy of the General Letter, dated 19th February 1766, addressed to the Governor and Council of Fort William.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House, Copy of the Proceedings of the Select Committee of the Council at Calcutta, on the 10th and 18 th September 1765.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House, Copy of a Letter from Messieurs Gray and Leycester, Members of the Council at Fort William, addressed to the Court of Directors of the India Company, dated 1765.

Ordered, That the East Company do lay before

this House, Copy of the Letters from Lord Clive to the Directors of the said Company, dated 30th September

"*765-

And then the House adjourned till Seven-

night, the 28th Day of this Inllant April, Nine of the Clock in the Morning,

Mortis, 28° die Aprilis;

t

Anno 7* Georgii III,n Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

Willerfey A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-Inclosure. mon fields. Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Parish of Willerfey, in the County of Gloucefcr,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. rvell, Mr. Bindley, Mr. BeJl, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Harris, Lord Fife, Mr. Bond, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Ward, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Montagu, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Darker, Mr. Dempster, Sir John Evelyn, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr. Sharpe,

Mr. Burke, Mr. Milles, Mr. West, Mr. Harley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Thrale, Mr. , Lord Howe, Mr.

Barrow, Mr. Gilbert;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Hereford, Warwick, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

0 Aprilis. A. 1767.

Aningroflbd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bunting's for veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the

Parish of Hi thorough, in the County of Norfolk, the Lft ate of Deborah Bunting, the Widow and Relict of EdiuardBun/ing, C!erk, deceased, and Eduard Bunting, her Infant Son by the fai d EdtcardBunting, Clerk, ill

Trustees, to convey the same to Ralph C a it! t heel I,

Esquire, and his Heirs, and for securing the Money to be paid for the fame, was read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bond’s for veiling several undivided Moieties, and other Parts, Shares, Hereditaments, and Premises, being Part of the Eft ate of John Bond, Esquire, and Mary his W7ife, in Trustees, to be sold, discharged of the Uses of their Marriage Settlement, and investing the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other*

Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the same Settlement, was read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sharped for veiling a Messuage, and divers Lands, with the Ap- Kftaie. purtenances, in the County of Hertford, Part of the Estate comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Fane William Sharpe, Esqttire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing other Lands and Tenement s, to be settled to the like Uses, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Coventry, Mr. Dmvdefwell, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Bootle, Mr.

Burt, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. PaterJbn, Mr. Burke, Mr.

BeJl, Colonel Ilotham, Mr. Stevens, Mr. , Mr.

Mell/Jh, Mr. Tuckfield, Sir. Howard, Mr. Morgan, Mr.

Walter, Mr. Grey, Mr. Newton, Mr. Wood, Mr. Ik braham, Mr. JackJ'on, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Darker, Mr. Harris, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Ellis -

life, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Upton,

Mr. Dyfon, Sir Anthony Abdy, Sir JoJ’eph Matvbey, Mr.

Burrell, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Garth, Mr. ,* and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Middlesex, Essex, Kent, Surr and: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fv croft's to impower RichardRycroft, Clerk, and his Blue,claim- LeaG»g. ing under his Marriage Settlement, to grant Leases of Houses and Grounds, in C larges Street,in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pater-son, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Dyfon,'Sir. Fonnereau, M r. Town-field, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Her-vey, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Morton, Mr. Harm/,

well, Mr. Darker, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Filzherbert, Mr. BeJl, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

Penton, Mr. Thrale, Sir Alexander Mr. C

try, Lord George Sackville, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr.

row, Mr. Dundas, Sir William Baker, Mr. Upton, Mr.

Whately; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Hertford, Kent, Surrey, and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Lord Verney, Mr. Harris, Mr. Brand, South Level Mr. Wi°fl, be added to the Committee, to whom the Drainage. Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in that Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called The South Level, between the River Grant or Cam, and the Hard Lands of Dillon,

Homingfea, 2 ui, Bottifiam, Swa Szcaffr

ham Prior, Burwell, Fordham, and is committed.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the Accounts;

Commissioners

7 Geo. III. 28'* Aprilis337

Commissioners of the Customs-in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Chip and Straw Hats imported into Scotland,from 17 59 to

1766; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Tea exported from Scotland for Three Years last past; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Broyle Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Jfc-tofure diriding and inclosinga Parcel of Ground, called Broyle r Park, within the Manor of in the County of

Sussex, is committed, have Power to fend for Perl'ons, Papers, and Records.

Loir’Wines The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the

and Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Spirits. Door; he was called inj and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Account of the Amount of the Duty on Low Wines and Spirits, extracted from Corn, from 5th July 1765 to 5 tfijuly 1766: And also.

Account of the Amount of the Duty on Low Wines and Spirits, from Molofles, from 5th July 1765 to 5th July 1766: And also,

Account of the Quantity of Spirits for Home Consumption, from Christmas 1759 to Midsummer 1766: Ami also.

Account of the Number of Gallons of Spirits exported, with the Amount of the Bounty paid, from 5th July 1763 to 5th July 1766: And also.

Account of the Quantity of Spirits for Foreign Consumption, from Christmas 1759 to 1766

And also.

Account of the Number of Officers, with the Amount of their Salaries, employed expressly on account of Distillers working only for Exportation, from 5th July 1765 to 5th July 1766.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Carron

and A Petition of the Landholders of the County of Mid

Clyde Lothian: And also,

avigauon. Petition of the Lord Provost, the Magistrates, and Town Council, of the City of Edinburgh: And also,

A Pet ition of the Landholders of the County of Linlithgow: And all'o,

A Petition of the Magistrates, TownCouncil, Traders and Manufacturers, of the Borough of And

also,

A Petition of the Company of Merchants of the City of Edinburghconftitnted by Royal Charter, dated 29th

October j.6% 1, ratified in Parliament 15th June 1693, and

of others. Merchants and Traders there: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants and Ship Mailers of the Port of Leith;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the joining the Friths of Forth and Clyde, by a proper navigable Canal, and thereby opening a Communication between the East and West Seas, is an Object of the ut-' most Importance to the Trade and Manufactures of thi# Kingdom; and that a Survey, Plan, and Eliimate thereof has been made by Mr.

Vol. 31.

an eminent Engineer, and that the Petitioners, with no finall Concern, observe a Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal, from the River Clyde, at or near the City of in the County of Lanerk to the River Carron, at or near Carron Shore, in the County of Stirling; which would be partial and local; whereas the Benefit of the great Canal, planned by Mr. Smeaton, would be national and universal; and that, as the small Canal is intended to occupy the Ground and Water intended for the large one, the Public will for ever be deprived of ali the Advantages which might reasonably be expected from Mr. Smeaton's Plan: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Delay, as shall seem necessary, for maturely considering this interesting Object, of the utmost Importance to the Trade and Commerce of Great Britain; or allow the Petitioners to be heard, by Counsel, against the Bill passing into a Law this Session of Parliament.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that Mr. James, Secretary to the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders.

N® i. Copies of Two Letters from Sykes,

Esquire, to the Selcft Committee at Fort , dated

Mootyjil,the 31st October and 17th November 1765: And also, -

N° 2. — Account of Revenues of the Province of Bengal, as fixed by Mahomed Reza Khan, Doolubrum, Juggu/Jeat, and Francis Sykes, for the Year 1765; to which is added, the Amount of Revenues fixed for the Province of Bahar, for the Year 1766, with the Sums settled for the Provinces of Midnapore, and

Chittagong, the Calcutta Purgttmtahs, and the Town of Calcutta-, also the Amount arising from the SeaCustoms, received by the Ship Kent, the 14th September 1766: And also,

N° 3. — Account of the Revenues of the Province of Bahar, as fixed by Mahomed Reza Khan, Doolubram, JuggutJ'cat, and Francis Sykes, for the Year 1766; received by the Ship Grenville,the 20th August 1766; And also,

N° 4. Copy of the Third Paragraph of the Letter from the President and the rest of the Select Committee at Fort William in Bengal, dated the 3 ill of 1766, received by the Ship Grenville, the 20th 1766; relating to the before-mentioned Articles, N® a and 3: And also,

N° 5. Copy of the separate General Letter from the President and Council of Fort Saint George, dated the ill April 1766; received by the Ship Pacific, the ill November 1766: And also,

N° 6. Copy of the Instructions given by the Select Committee of the Council at Calcutta, to Lord Clive, dated 21st June 1765, upon his going up to settle the Terms of a General Peace: And also,

N° 7. Copies of Letters from General Camac, to the Select Committee of the Council at Calcutta, in and

June 1765: And also,

N° 8. Copy of the General Letter from the Court of Directors of the East India Company, to the President and Council at Fort William in Bengal, dated the 19 th February 1766: And also,

N° 9. Copies of the Proceedings of the Select Committee of the Council at Calcutta, on the 10th August and 18th September 1765: And also,

N° 10. Copy of a Letter from Messrs. Leycester and Gray, Members of the Council at Williajn, to

the

East India


328

the Court of Directors of the India Company, dated the 29th September 1765, with a Poftscript of the 14th January 1766: And also,

N° it. Copy of a Letter from Lord to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated the 30th September 17655 received by the Ship Admiral SteedeiU,the 19th April 1766; And also,

N° 12. Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable the President and the rest of the Select Committee at Fort William, in Bengal, dated the 30th of September 1765; received by the Ship Admiral , xgth

April 1766: And also,

N° 13. Extracts from the General Letter from the President and Council at Fort William, in to

the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated the 30th September 1765; received by the Ship Admiral Steevens, the 19th 1766.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are appointed to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

The said Papers aVe preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to tile House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Wheat and Wheat* flour, Oats and Oat-meal, Barley and Barley-meal, Rye, Rye-meal, and Pulse, imported into England, fmee the 16th of December 1766 to the 31st of March 1767; distinguishing the Quantity imported in each Week.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Redemption The House was moved, that the Four First of the of certain Resolutions, which, upon Monday the 13th Day of this Annuities. jnqant April,were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That the Remainder of the Capital Stock " of Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centurn,granted in respect of certain Navy, Victualling,

" and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in, and cancelled, pursuant to an Act made " in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, be redeemed, and paid off, on the 25th Day of " next, after discharging the Interest then payable in " respect of the fame."

" Resolved, Tl»t a Sum, not exceeding One million Seven hundred Forty-one thousand Seven hundred " and Seventy-lix Pounds Ten Shillings and Eleven " Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to redeem, and pay off, the Remainder of " the said Capital Stock of Annuities."'

" Resolved, That One Fourth Part of the Capital " Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds " per Centum, established by an Act made in the Third " Year of llis Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for " granting to His Majesty several additional Duties " upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and cer-< " tain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry, and for railing " the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand " Pounds, by Way of Annuities and Lotteries-, to be 18

1767.

" charged on the said Duties, be redeemed, and paid off, on the 5th Day of January next, after discharging the Interest then payable in respect of the " fame."

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hun*

" dred and Seventy-live thousand Pounds, be granted " to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty' to redeem,

" and pay off, One Fourth Part of the said Capital " Stock of Annuities."

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Cooper, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Thomas Toicnjhend,5\xn\or,

Mr. Onjlord, Mr. Pm/fe Campbell, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Paterson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Eliah Harvey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Oxendoa several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, lndoiuie. Pastures, and Commons, within the Manor and Lordship or Parish of Great Oxendon,in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Mr. Pennant presented to the House, according to Expiring Order, a Bill to continue several Laws therein men* CL!*5; tioned, relating to the clandestineltunning of uncustom- Books]*

ed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Cuf- *c. toms, to prevent the dandeliine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the granting Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of Carolina and Georgia in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finijtcrre, in Ships built and navigated according to Law'; and to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and fu ll composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain,'.

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.-

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Private-Tomorrow', to proceed upon any private Business after £uliBe1*-Two of the Clock.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this, Day Three Longitude-Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hamfon's I louse, to consider of the Report, which was made from Twwketpw. the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and others, intereste* in the Navigation and Commerce of thele Kingdoms, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 290 die Aprilis \

Anno 7* Georgii IIIti; Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Comm Ittee, to whom the in* Dyke'* grossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Dixon Dyke, Baronet, lying in the Counties of Oxford, Si/fli-x, and Kent, in Trustees, in Trull, to be sold for railing Money to discharge a Mortgage Debt, alfefting other Parts of the said settled Estates, was committed, be revived.

The House being moved in pursuance of the Order PXvire of Yesterday, that Leave be given to move the House Buliuefi. this Day, that any private Business miglft be entered upon in the House, this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered,

cl 8° — 290

Baste Huntre Pen loclosure.

Shernbom

Inclo&ire.

Wkham’s

States.

7 Geo. III.

29* Aprilis.

329

Ordered, That any private Bufihefr may be entered upon, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Lord Brozvnlow Bertie reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Fen, called The Haute Huntre, Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of in the County of Lincoln, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Reverend Robert Smith,. Doctor in Divinity, Matter of the College of The Holy Trinity, within the University of Cambridge, and the Fellows and Scholars

of the same College, Impropriator of the Great Ty thes, and Patron of the Vicarage of Swineshead, in the County of Lincoln, the Reverend John Shaio, Do6tor of Law, Patron and Rector of the Parish Church of Wyberton, in tho County of Lincoln, and Proprietor of Houses, Toftsteads, and Lands, in the said Parish; Zachary Chambers, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Sicinejhead, in the said County of Lincoln; Tlumas Wyld, Esquire, Lessee, under Trinity College aforesaid, of the Impropriate Tythes of aforesaid; and

of several Gentlemen and Freeholders entitled to Right of Common in Haute Huntre Fen, commonly called The Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, lying in the said County of Lincoln, as O ivners and Proprietors of Houses, Toftsteads, and Lands; and also the Petition of Sir Charles Frederick, Knight of the Bath; and also the Petition of Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Baronet, Samuel nardson, Esquire, Frances Moyer, Widow, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Proprietors of Houses, Mefliiages, or Tofts, the Inhabitants whereof have Right of Common in The Haute Huntre Fen, commonly called The Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, in the County of Lincoln;were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, and had considered the Twolaft-mentioned Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Ninety-four Persons, having Right of Common, whose Property amounts to the Annual Value of £.3,177. is. who being applied

to refused to sign the Bill; and also except Fifty-three Persons, having Right of Common, whose Property amounts to the Annual Value of £. 604. 10 who could not be found; and also except forty Persons, having Right of Common, whose Property amounts to the Annual Value of £. 1,310. os. 6 d. who, being applied to, declared they were indifferent; and that the whole Number of Persons, having Right of Common, is 614; and that the whole Property of those Persons amounts to the Annual Value of ^.23,347. 8s.); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments w ere made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. De Grey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands and Pasture Grounds, Half Year Inclosures, Common Fields, and Common, or Heath Ground, in the Parish of Shembom, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Weddell reported from the Committee, to whom

Vol. 31.

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Matthew Henry

Witham, Esquire, in the County of York, for the discharging the Debtsandlncumbrancesthereon; and for other Purposes therein expressed, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that tire Parties, concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the r Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

ftefulved. That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Weddell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Annual Committee of the General Convention of Royal Boroughs in Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Commissioners of Land Tax of the County of Hadington; N

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the joining the Friths of Forth and Clyde, by a proper navigable Canal, and thereby opening a CommuiCation between the East and West Seas, is an Object of the ut- . moll Importance to the Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom; and that a Survey, Plan, and Estimate thereof has been made by Mr. Smea-ton, an eminent Engineer; and that the Petitioners, with no small Concern, observe a Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Clyde, at or near the City of Glasgow, in the County of Lanerk, to the River Carron, at or near Shore, in the County of Stirling; which would be partial and local; whereas the Benefit of the great Canal, planned by Mr. Smealon, would be national and universal; and that, as the small Canal is intended to occupy the Ground and Water intended for the large one, the Public will for ever be deprived of all the Advantages which might reasonably be expected from Mr.

Smeatons Plan: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Delay as shall seem necessary for maturely considering this interesting Object, of the utmost Importance to the Trade and Commerce of Great Britain; or allow the Petitioners to be heard, by Counsel, against the Bill patting into a Law this Session of Parliament.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor presented to the Kensington, House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, and &c. render more effectual. Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of CheU

sea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and also Two other Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Fulham, through Fulham Fields, to the great Road near the Pound at Hammersmith, in the said County; and for lighting, watching, and watering the said Roads; and for paving the Street, and Highway, and Footways, from the Palace Gate, to the Coach and Horfes, in Kensington, and for lighting and watching the fame, and the Courts and Alleys adjoining the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to On- IWemptioa der, a Bill for redeeming the Remainder-of the Joint certain Stock of Annuities, established by an Act made in the Nary'amZ

4P Tford

A

290 Apr

330

Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

BtfolvfdyThsit the Bill be read a Second Time.

Redempfloa ^jr Cooper preferred to the House, according to Annuities1; Order, a Bill for redeeming Part of the Joint Stock of Wine Duties. Annuities, established by an Act made in the Third Year, of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported iifto this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon dll Cyder and Perry; and for raising the sum of Three millions five hundred thousand Pounds, 'by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act , for carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement, entered into by George Pitt, Esquire, and his Tenants, of the Manor of Kingston, and John Pitt, Esquire, and by the said George Pitt and John Pitt, for the Exchange of Lands, in Purbeck, in the County of JDorset; without any Amendment: And also, shaddon Gate, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road, from Shaddon Gate, near Carlisle, to the present Turnpike Road at Mulafide, and from a Place in the said Turnpike Road, betweep Binfey Mires and North Raw Gate, to join the Turnpike Road at Skillbcck, in the County of Cumberland, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parjfh of 4rthingworth, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for exonerating Part of the Estate, late of Thomas Beck, Gentleman, deceased, charged with an Annuity, or clear Yearly Rent of One hundred Pounds, of and from the Payment of the said Rent, and for substituting and making liable to the Payment thereof, other Part of the Estate of the said Thomas Beck, of equal Value; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed^ a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Norfolk, devised by the Wills of John Woodcock and Mary Platfoot, deceased, in Matthew Pepper Manby, and his Heirs, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the same County, in lieu thereof, to the Uses therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A. 1767.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Three Months;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth:

Tellers for the Yeas tindGilmour: }^U

I Lord Frederick Campbell,}

201.

Kingston

in

Purbeck

Exchange.

near

Carlisle,

Road.

Arthmgworth

Inclosure.

Tellers for the Noes, f

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Report was read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned, till after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

The Order of the Day for the Call of the House JCallof the being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Sevennight:

The House divided;

The Yeas went forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, j Groy

99-

- - 1 Tellers for the Noes, { j 268.

So tt-passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Fortnight;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth:

Lord Catherlough', Mr. Whately: J 37-

Lord Strange,

Mr. Pryfe Campbell.

Beck’s

Estate.

Woodcock’s

and

Plaifoot’s

Estates.

Tellers for the Noes, j j

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the House was called over; and the Names of such Members as Default to appear wore takeu

down.

Ordered, That the Names of such Members as have made Default to appear, be called over upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to go out of Town, without Leave of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Provisions.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

Carron

and

Clyde

Navigation.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Clyde, at or " near the City of Glasgow, in the County of Lanerk, to the River Carron, at or near Carron Shore, in the County of Stirling, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table. -. - 20

Ways and Means.

High Price of

Proviions*

High Price ei Com.

Supply.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order made this Day, for taking into further Carron Consideration the Report* which was made from the and Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintain* Clyde

ing a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Clyde, NaviS«»* at or near the City of Glasgow, in the County of Lanerk, to the River Carron, at or near Carron Shore, in the County of Stirling, was committed, after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read;

The

Dyke’s

Estates.

Minchin’s

Estate.

Rotherham

and

Hartcliff

Road.

7 Geo. III.

The House resumed the further Consideration of the said Report.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second Time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

u

Jovisy 30° d Jlprilis;

' Anno 7* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1767*

Prayers.

MR. Best reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Dixon Dyke, Baronet, lying in the Counties of Oxford, Siffex, and Kent, in Trustees, in Trust, to be sold for railing Money to discharge a Mortgage Debt, affecting other Parts of the said settled Estates; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Best do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery, to order so much of the Personal Estate of George Minchin, deceased, as now stands in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, to be transferred and paid to Paul Min-chin, and Henrietta Minchin, the only Children of the said George Minchin, without their giving any Security to refund the fame; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Daniel Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Doncaster, through the Parish of Penifton, in the County of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of Chester; and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of York, to Hart-cliff Hill, in the said ParHh of Penifton; so far as relates to the Road from Rotherham to Hartcliff Hill j was Vol. 31.

33*

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place $ and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the Report was read.

Refolded, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved,'That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

An ingrdffed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Letten’s for veiling an undivided Third Part of certain Manors, Efates* Mftffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the City of London, and in the Counties of Oxford and Backs, heretofore the Estate of Susannah Letten, Widow, deceased, in certain Truf* tees, and their Heirs, in Trust, to be sold; and for paying and applying the Money to arise by the Sale thereof, in the Manner therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Farndon Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, hdofurt. in the Parish of Farndon, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Farndon, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Hewett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual draining the Ancholme Lands lying in the Level of Ancholme, in the County of Drainage. Lincoln j and making the River Ancholme navigable, from the River Humber, at or near a Place, called Ferraby Sluice, in the County of Lincoln, to the Town of Glam-ford Briggs, and for continuing the said Navigation up or near to the said River, from thence to Bishop Briggs, in the said County of Lincoln; was read the ThirdTime.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for exempting certain Lands of Mr. Carter from Part of the Tax.

And the said Clause was Twice read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual draining the Lands,' lying in the Level of Ancholme, in the County of Lincoln; and making the River Ancholme navigable, from the River Humber, at or near a Place, called Ferrabij Sluice, in the County of Lincoln, to the Town of Glamford Briggs, and for continuing the said Navigation up or near to the said River, from thence to Bishop Briggs, in the said County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the better Security of the Estates and Bankrupt* Effects of Merchants, Bankers, Traders, Scriveners,

Factors, or Brokers, who may hereafter become Bankrupts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Barroxv have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for the Recovery of his Health* AWence,

Mr,

2 90 — 30° Aprilis.

30° Aprilis. 1767.

Tybtm Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom Uxbridge ^ie to continue, and render more effectual, Three Koadf Acts, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Tlxbridge, in the County of Middlesex; and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanzoell Heath, through the Parishes of Hamvell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road in the said County; and for lighting, watching, and watering, the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel JPits; was committed; That the Committee had considered the Petition of the several Trustees for the Poor of the Town of Uxbridge, being Lords of the Soil of the said Town, and of several Inhabitants of the said Town, to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for appointing additional Trustees.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Carron Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining a

and navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Clyde, at or Navigation near ^ie City of Glasgow, in the County of Lanerk, to 1 n* the River Carron, at or near CarronShore, in the County of Stirling, be read the Third Time, upon Monday the nth Day of May next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ditto, The House was moved, that the Petition of the Landholders of the Qounty of Mid Lothian; and also, the Petition of the Lord Provost, the Magistrates, and Town Council, of the City of Edinburgh; and also, the Petition of the Landholders of the County of Linlithgow; and also, the Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, Traders, and Manufacturers, of the Borough of Queensferry; and also, the Petition of the Company of Merchants, of the City of Edinburgh, constituted by Royal Charter, dated 29th October 1681, ratified in Parliament 15th June 169 3, and of others, Merchants and Traders there; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, and Ship Masters, of the Port of Leith; which were presented to the House upon Tuesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that the Petition of the Annual Committee of the General Convention of Royal Boroughs in Scotland; and also the Petition of the Commissioners of Land Tax of the County of Hadington; which were Yesterday presented to the House, and ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, upon their said Petitions, upon the Third Reading of the said Bill, If they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

- Adlmgfleet Ordered, That Mr. Glover, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Pres

3 nclosure. Cott, Mr. Cujl, Mr, Philip Fonnereau, Mr. Aufrere, Mr.

Thomas Fonnereau, Mr. Zachariah Philip Formereau, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Sutton, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Lands, Grounds, and Commons, in the several Townships of Adlingjleet, Fockerby, and Haldenby, in the West Riding of the County of York, is committed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to \vhom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common* and several Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Castle Soioerby, in the County of Cumberland, was committed, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House was moved, that the Petition of Joh% Sowerby, of Sowei'by Row, in the Parish of Castle Sozverby, in the County of Cumberland, Gentleman, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Tenements, within the Manor and Parish of Castle Sowerby aforesaid, and having Right of Common, on the Wastes and Commons, lying in the Manor and Parish aforesaid, on Behalf of themselves and many other Persons interested in the said Wastes and Commons; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Tenements within, and Parcel of, the Manor and Forest o i Inglewood, in the County of Cumberland, and as such having Right of Common of Pasture, and other Privileges, in and upon the Waste and Commons, and within the said Manor and Forest, on Behalf of themselves and divers others, interested in the said Wastes and Commons; which were presented to the House upon the 25th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, upon their said Petitions, when the Report shall be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whem the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, and several Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Skelton, in the County of Cumberland, was committed, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

The House was moved, that the Petition of Christopher Pearson, of Lamonby, in the Parish of Skelton, in the County of Cumberland, Yeoman, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Tenements, within the Manor and Parish of Skelton aforesaid, and having Right of Common on the Wastes and Commons, lying in th& Manor and Parish aforesaid, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Persons interested in the said Wastes and Commons; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Tenements within, and Parcel of, the Manor and Forest of Inglewood, in the County of Cumberland, and as such having Right of Common of Pasture, and other Privileges, in and upon the Wastes and Commons, of and within the said Manor and Forest, on Behalf of themselves, and divers others, interested in the said Wastes and Commons; which were presented to the House, upon Tuesday the 7 th Day of this Instant April, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the Second Reading of the said Bill; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, upon their said Petitions, when the Report;

shall

Caftte Sowerby In closure.

Skelton

Inclosure,

American

Colonies.

Woodcock’s

and

Platfoot’s

Estates.

Leave of Absence.

Ditto.

Carron

and

Clyde

Navigation.

7 Geo. III.> 306

shall be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoilfe, to consider of the several Papers which have been presented to the House, in this Session of Parliament, by His Majesty’s Command, relating to the North Ame* rican Colonies;

Ordered, That the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 29th Day of January last, pursuant to the Address of this House to His Majesty, relating to the said Colonies, be referred to the said Committee.

' Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was direcded'by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon TW/r/rty Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which have been presented to the House, ,in this Session of Parliament, by His Majesty’s Command, relating to the North American Colonies.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrowf Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerts, i° die Maii;

Anno 7* Georgii IIIul Regis, 1767. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vetting- divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Norfolk, devised by the Wills of John Woodcock, and Mary Plat foot, deceased, in Matthezo Pepper Manhy, and his Heirs, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the same County, in lieu thereof, to the Uses therein mentioned, was read the Firii Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Bridgeman have Leave to go into the Country, for Six Weeks, upon, extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Tempejt have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the Freeholders, and other Heritors, of the County of Clackmannan: And also,

A Petition of the Freeholders, and other Heritors, of the County of Clackmannan: And also,

A Petition of the Freeholders, Commissioners of Supply, and Heritors, of the County of Stirling: And also,

A Petition of the Freeholders, Commissioners of Supply, and Heritors, of the County of Stirling: And also,

A Petition of the Freeholders, Commissioners of Supply, and Heritors, of the County of Stirling;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the joining the Friths of Vqi. 31. --

1. — Maii. 333

Forth and Clyde, by a proper Navigable Canal, and thereby opening a Communication between t

the Fall and West Seas, is an Object of the utmost Importance to the Trade and Manufac- 1 tures of this Kingdom; and that a Survey, Plan, and Estimate thereof has been made by Mr.

S/neaton, an eminent Engineer; and that the Petitioners, with no small Contern, observe a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the ltiver Clyde, at or near the City of Glasgozc, in the County of Lanerk, to the River Carron, at or near Carron Shore, in the County of Stirling; which would be partial and local; whereas the Benefit of the great Canal, planned by Mr. Smeaton, would be national and universal; and that, as the Tin all Canal is intended to occupy the Ground, and Water intended for the large one, the Public will for ever be deprived of all the Advantages which might reasonably be expected from Mr. $ me a ton's:

Plan: And therefore praying the House, to takfc the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Delay, as shall seem necessary, for* maturely considering this iiiterefting Object, of the utmost Importance to the Trade and Commerce of Great Britain; or allow the Petitioners to be heard, by Counsel, against the Bill patting into a Law this Session of Parliament.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and the Petitioners are then to be heard, by their Counsel, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at , the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Mr. Ongley reported from the Committee, to whom Cooper’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Eftat,» Sale of the real Estate of TomkinJbn Cooper, and Ann his Wife, and for laying out the Money, arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the said Tomkiiifm Cooper, and Ann his Wife; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concernedhad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of . the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ongley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Southwell have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Absence* Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Dawkins have Leave to go Ditto# into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Dimmer have Leave to go into Ditto, the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

A Bill for redeeming the Remainder of the Joint certain Stock of Annuities, established by an Act made in tho AnnuTiw} Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in respect Navy Bills, of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-4 Q ing

334 i — 4°

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole , House, upon the said Bill.

Redemption A Bill for redeeming Part of the Joint Stock of An-of certain nu^ies, established by an Act made in the Third Year

Wine Duiics. of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thouiimd Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, rDiat the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Hemp and The House was moved, that the Petition of the ax’ Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Growers of and Dealers in Hemp and Flax, and others, of the Town of itainjborough, in the lfle of Axholmc, including the Towns of Epzcorth, Crozi lcT Belton, and of,other Places adjacent; which was presented to the House upon the ^9th Day of Januaty last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read."

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to w'hom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty- ;. . x

Supply Bill; Mr. Paterson presented to the House, according to Lottery. Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by wray of Annuities, and a Lottery attended with Annuities, to be charged on the Sinking Fund: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Leave of Ordered, That Captain Bentinck have Leave to go

Absence. into country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Kingston Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morti-

'docU nex*» ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole

° House, Upon the Bill for making Docks and other Conveniences for the Use and Accommodation of Ships, lengthening the South-end Jetty, erecting Dolphins, and other Works, in the Haven and Port of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty lo those Uses.

East India Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

Company. njght, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

Way* Resolved, That this House will^upon Monday Morn-ai>d Mean*. Jng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Mail 1767.

Luna, 40 die Mail \

Anno 70 Georgii IIIl5i Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Scamblefcy Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other lQCl°sure. Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Scamblejby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Which* cot. Lord Coleraine, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Rubinfon, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. llcrvey, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Paterson, Mr.

Fuller, Sir Richard Glyn, Mr. Praed, Mr. Lascelles,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Delaval, Mr. West, Mr. Tudwayf Lord Burgheish, Mr. Amcotts, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Gascoyne, Sir Robert Ladbroke,

Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Tozvijhend, Mir. Pitt, Mr. Leigh,

Lord Clare, Mr. Pennant, Sir William Baker, Colonel Montgomery, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Dyj'un, Mr. Foley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Hereford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ* the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Hereford, in the room of Sir John Morgan, Baronet, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Burning’s for veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the B^tc* Parish of HUbvrough, in the County of Norfolk, the Estate of Deborah Bunting, the Widow and Relict of Edward Bunting, Clerk, deceased, and Edward Bunting, her Infant Son by the said Edward Bunting, Clerk, in Trustees, to convey the same to Ralph Cauldwell,

Esquire, and his Heirs, and for securing the Money to be paid for the fame, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Wfuchcot, Mr. West, Mr, Calvert, Mr. Baldwin,

Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Afilles, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Jackson,

Mr. Delaval, Sir Samuel Cornish, Mr. Lascelles, Mr.

Praed, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Town*

'fhend, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Penton, Mr. Paterson, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Joseph Maxvbey, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir Edmund Ifiam, Lord Grey, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Burrell, Lord Burgherjh,

Mr. Satidys, Mr. Ongley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Lincoln:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Beck* for exonerating Part of the Estate, late of Thomas Beck, Gentleman, deceased, charged with an Annuity, orclear Yearly Rent, of One hundred Pounds, of and from the Payment of the said Rent, and for substituting and making liable to the Payment thereof, other Part of the Estate of the said Thomas Beck, of equal Value, was read the First Time.

Resolved, rl hat the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening fen Ayr verai Roads, in the County of Ayr, was read the Third Roii*r Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, in the County of Ayr.

Ordered, That Mr. Crayfurd do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftro their Concurrence.

.: A Bill

Kensington,

&c.

Roads.

fckt*

River Lee Navigation.

7 Geo. !!! 4* Mali. 335

A Bill to continue, and render more effectua], Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads in the Parish.es of Kensington, CJielJea, and Fulham, and other Parities therein mentioned, in the County of Middle* Jex; and also Two other Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road, leading from the Town of Fulham, through Fulham Fields, to the great Road near the Pound at Hammerfmithi in the said County; and for lighting, watching, and watering, the said Roads; and for paving the Street, and Highway, and Footways, from the Palace Gate, to the Colick and Horjts, in Ken* sington, and for lighting and watching the fame, and the Courts and Alleys adjoining thereto; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Sir William Baker, Lord Coleraine, t Mr. Byde, Mr. Fenton, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Plum-bier, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Cajwall, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Milles, Sir Lynch Colton, Mr. Lafcclles, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Palerfon, Mr. Robinson, Lord Brown low Bertie, Mr. Ga/coyne, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bur* rell. Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Stephenfim, Mr. Sandys. Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Ongley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Shi finer. Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Blackj(lone; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Bucks, Surrey, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, that the Report, which upon the 27th Day of March lait, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Pari Hi of Kensington, in the County o IMiddleJex, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an lull ruction to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for extending the Powers therein contained, for paving and repairing the Footways, and lighting and watching the said Street and Highway in lKenjington, to the paving and repairing the Footways, and lightingand watching the said Street and Highway, on the North Side thereof, to the West End of the House next adjoining to the Coach and JJorfes, and at the West End of the South Side thereof, to the West End of the House of John Crook, next the Terrace, and at the East End of the South Side thereof, to the Door going into Elphinjtone's Academy.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the said Committee.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants within the Town of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners take Notice, by the Votes, that a Bill is ordered to be brought in, for improving the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford, to the River of Thames; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that it will be a general Benefit to the Inhabitants Jof the said Town, if the said Navigation was made, improved, and extended through Part of the said Town, to the Flood Gates, belonging to the Town Mill, in the said Town: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for making, improving, and extending the said Navigation, in and through Part of the said Town erf Hertford, to the Flood Gates belonging to the Town Mill in the said Town o fHertford, by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers, and under such Provisions, as to the House ftutll seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Vol. 31.

And it is referred to Mr. Byde, Mr. Pdterfon,

Mr. Pturner. Lord North, Mr. Peiinant, Mr. Pent on,

Mr. Calvert, Mr. Tmnjhend, Sir Joseph Maivbey, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Fuller, Sir William Baker,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Shi finer. Lord Clare, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Gore, Lord Brown low Bertie, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Baldwin, Sir Charles Tynte, Mr.

Kynaston, Lord Burgherjh, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr.

Delaval, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Darker, Mr. Rigby;

Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Jackson; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Essex, Middlesex, Surrey, Bucksy Cambridge, and Huntingdon:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons residing near or tra- Marchwlvel veiling between Whitchurch and Ellesmere, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That RoaST* the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending to repair the Road between Whitchurch and Marchwivel; and representing to the House, that the Road from Ellejmere to Whitchurch, joins the other Road at, or not far off, the Red Brook; and setting forth, That from thence to Hampton, in the Way tp Ellejmere, the Road is very bad and dangerous, and cannot be sufficiently amended, and kept in Repair, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, to repair the Road between Hampton and the Red Brook, or to grant the Petitioners such Relief as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Gilbert, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Fonncreau, Mr. Delaval, Lord Claref Mr. Wynn, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Pennant, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Praed, Mr Town*

Jhend, Sir William Baker, Mr. Coventry, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. DeGrey, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Ewer,

Mr. Darker, Lord North, Mr. Nevill, Sir Merrick Burrell, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir CharlesTynte, Mr. Robinson,

Mr. Milles, Mr. Bull, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lowndes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop and Qhester; and for the Principality of Wales:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Shernbom Whole Year Lands and Pasture Grounds, Half Year Inclosure* Inclosures, Common Fields, and Common, or Heath Ground, in the Parish of Shernbom, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

liej'olved. That the Bill be committed to Mr. De Grey, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr. Coventry, Mr. jenkinfon, Mr. Jackson, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Milles, Mr. Fonne-reau, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Shut* tleworth. Lord Grey, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Bond,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Delaval, Sir Charles Mar-daunt. Sir William Maynard, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Harvey, Sir William Baker, Mr. Gore, Mr. Scudamore,

Mr. Bagvt, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Shiffner, Sir John Palmer,

Sir Richard Bampfylde; and all the Members who . serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, Huntingdon, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Robert Ladbroke presented to the House, accord- London ing to Order, a Bill for completing the Bridge crcrf9 Pavings the River Thames, from Black Friars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side, in the County oiSurrey^ CoalDutfei. and the Avenues thereto on the London Side; for re*

deeming

4° Mail. A. 1767.

deeming the Tolls on the said Bridge, and on London Bridge; for rebuilding the Gaol of in

the said City; for repairing the Royal Exchange, w ithin the fame; for embanking Part of the North Side of the said River, within certain Limits; and for further continuing, towards those Purposes, the Imposition of Sixpence per Chaldron, or Ton, of Coals and Culm, imported into the Port of the said City, established by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary; and also for carrying on the new Pavements, in the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parillies adjacent, and in the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the Fil’d Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bond’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ate* for veiling several undivided Moieties, and other Parts,

Shares, 1 Iercditaments, and Premises, being Part of the Estate of John Bond, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, inTrullees, to be sold, discharged ofthcUfes of their Marriage Settlement, and in veiling the Money arising Ly such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the same Settlement, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Burgher/li, Mr. Fane, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Darner, Mr.

Fonnereau, Mr. LaJ'celles, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Toicnjhend, Mr Rohinfoli, Mr. Mr. Coven-

try, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Lord Coleraine, Mr. worth, Mr. Pitt, Sir Joseph Mr. Ryder, Mr.

Coo/ter, Mr. Whately, Mr. West, Mr. Martin, Mr.

Jhffon, Mr. Praed, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Penton, Mr. Knight, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of DorJ'ct, MiddleJ'cx, Southampton, Wilts, Devon, Somerset, and Cormoall;and for the City of And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Edmund have Leave to go

Absence. jntQ the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occalipns.

Ways Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House siid Mcjd3. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Duties on Packing Canvass, Guttings, or Spruce; Spruce, or Queens-borough Elbing; Canvass; Dutch Barras, and Canvass; narrow German Linen, Silesia and other I^awns.

Then the Lloufe resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterjon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterjon reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterjon also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means or raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

14

A Petition of several Owners, Proprietors, and Brnyh Occupiers of Farms, and Lands, lying within the respective Parillies of Ringmer, Glyndbourne and Southmailing,in the County of Suffer,

was presentdd to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of Ground, called The Broylc Park, within the Manor of Ringmer,in the County of Sufferand that the

Petitioners are apprehensive that the said Bill, or several Clauses therein contained, will, if the same should pass into Law, be very injurious to tiic Petitioners:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill, as may affect them, or have such other Relief, as to the House shall loom meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confuleration of the Committee, to whom the said,

Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it bean Inllruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to he heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Thursday Ciftfe last, for receiving, Tomorrow Morning, the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, and several Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Ca/lle Soicerby, in the County of Cumberland, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon I

Wednesday Morning next. I

Ordered, That the Order made upon Thursday last, Skekt* for receiving, upon Wednesday Morning next, the IncWutt Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill lor dividing and inclosing the Common, and several Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Skelton, in the County of Cumberland, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Redemptm ;to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of certain upon the Bill for redeeming the Remainder of the Annijiocsi Joint Stock of Annuities, established by an Act made avj I in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. I

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. I

Mr. Paterjon took the Chair of the Committee. J

Mr' Speaker resumed the Chair. I

Mr. Paterjon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hiiu to report, W’hen the House will pleufe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House kedeniptk* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House

lip°n WineD«io,

ft

7 Geo. III. 4' Mail337

upon the Bill for redeeming Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities, elfciblished by an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon incs imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

The lloule resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterjbn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pat erf on reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direck'd him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Hemp and Flax.

A Petition of the general Convention of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth; That the Linen and Hempen Manufactures, the Staple of that Part of the United Kingdom, labour under great Hardships, and are not only in Danger of decrealing, but of being totally loll, owing to the high Prices the Manufacturers mult ue-ceflarily pay for foreign Materials, in so much, that there is now given Fifty per Cent, of advanced Price more than was paid for the same Qualities of Hemp and Flax Seven Years ago; and that, besides the Quantities raised at Home, or brought from America, it is believed that Great Britain pays Annually to foreign States not leis than One million. Sterling for Flemp and Flax; and that the Legislaturc lues lately granted a Bounty on the Importation of those Materials from the British Colonies; but it is to be feared, that, by reason of the high Price of Labour in the Colonies, and the high Rates for Freight and Infuranccson inch bulky and valuable Commodities as Hemp and Flax, besides the Damage which those Articles always sustain upon a long Voyage, our Supplies from thence will not be so cheap, so long, or so speedy, as could be willied; it is therefore proposed and requelted* in order to preserve and enlarge our Linen Manufactures, to render our Navigation independent of foreign States, and in Time to preserve to the Nation such a capital Sum as is now annually expended upon foreign Hemp and Flax, that the Parliament would all’o grant a Bounty on the Culture of Flax and Hemp in Great Britain, in such Way and Manner as to the House shall seem proper: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein, as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply Bill; A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way Lottery. of Annuities, and a Lottery attended with Annuities, to be charged on the Sinking Fund, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolvcdy That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

confirming a Partition between the Reverend Era/mils Sau«dm# Sainu/ers, Doctor in Divinity, and Mary his Wife, Sa- £oya^ps vmcl Roijcroft, thcYounger, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, of several Estates in the County of Lincoln, and for veiling and settling the fame, to the Uses and on the Trults contained in their respective Marriage Settlements, with respect to such Fltates; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords dei'ue the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to llis Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speake r left the Chair.

Mr. Onjloiv took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onjhiiv rei>orted from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Onslow also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lk again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Account;

H is Majesty, that He will be gracioufty pleated to give Navy. Directions, that there be laid before this House, a List of the Lieutenants of His Majesty’s Navy, now ujion Half Pay, together with an Account of the Allowances made to them.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Molt honour able Privy Council.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into High Price a Committee of the whole House, to consider further 7' of the present high Price of Provisions. Provisioni.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Onjlcn0 also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Provisions.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this I louse will, upon Morn- pr;ce

jug next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole of Corn. House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, N iuc of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ilolford and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Yol. 31. 4 It

338

Mail

J. 1767*

Great

Oxendon

Inclosure.

Saunders*

and

Roycroffs

Estates.

Leave of Absence.

Martisy 50 diMaii \

Anno 7 Georgii IIIui Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pal-tures, and Commons, within the Manor and Lord* ship or Parilli of Great Oxendonin the County of Nor-

thampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Forrester, Mr. Hervei/, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Morton, Mr. GroJ'venor, Mr.

worth, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Prefcolt, Mr. Blackfone, Sir John llynde Cotton, Mr. Calvert,

Sir Anthony Abdy, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gilbert, Admiral Cotes, Mr. Smith, Mr. Houblort, Mr. Craufurd, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Byde, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Calvert,

Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Sir George

Savile; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Leicester, Wanoick, Huntingdon, Cambridge, Essex, Suffolk, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition between the Reverend mus Saunders, Doctor in Divinity, and Mary his Wife, Samuel Roycroft, the Younger, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, of several Estates in the County of Lincoln, and for veiling and settling the same to the Uses and 011 the Trulls contained in their respective Marriage Settlements, witfi respect to such Estates; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Cave have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

initiation of the present Navigation, to the Flood belonging to the Town Mill in the Town of ford: That this Part of the said River may easily be made navigable; and the Expence will not exceed Fifty Pounds.

Henry Dunjler, Esquire, Mr. John Haynes, Mr.

William Hanjcombe, Mr. John Hammond, and Mr.

John Mallet, being severally examined, laid. That an Kxteniion of the Navigation of the said Fiver, from the present 'lermination to the Flood Gates, belonging to the Town Mill in Hertford, will be a general Benefit to the said d own.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford, to the River Thames, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for extending the Navigation of the said River, through Part of the said Town of Hertford, to the Flood Gates belonging to the Town Mill, in the said d own of Hertford.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a eer- Ha«eH tain Fen, called The Haute Huntre, Eight Hundred, or iuc[jfore, Holland Fen, and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Rifolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing a certain Fen, called, The Haute Huntre, Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of

Ordered, That Lord Browidvw Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, d'hat Mr. Macknorth be added to the Com- South Lcrtl mittee, to w hom the Bill for draining and preferring Drainage, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in that Part of the Great Level of the Fens called The South Level, between the River Grant,or Cam, and the Hard Lands

of Dilton, Horningjea, Qui, Bottish Bid-beck, Swaffham Prior, Burwell, Fordham, and Wicken,

is committed.

Sharpe's Mr. Coventnj reported from the Committee, to whom Elba*. the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Messuage, and divers Lands, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Hertford, Part of the Estate, compriled in the Marriage Settlement of William Sharpe, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing other Lands, and Tenements, to be settled to the like Uses; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conl'ent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Coventry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

River Lee Mr. John Calvert reported from the Committee, to Navigation, whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants within the Town of Hertford,was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to r«port the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition;

Mr. Langley Edwards, Surveyor, being examined, said. That he has viewred the River Lee, from the Ter-

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to AJlingfl?# w hom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Lands, incloluK* Grounds, and Commons, in the several Townships of Adlingflcet, Fockerby, and Haldcnbu,in the West Riding

of the County of York; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sa tisfaction of the Committee (except Amy Owner

of a Cottage, and who could not be found); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Hull whom the Hill for improving and extending the Navi- Navi^-ioo. gation of the River Hull, and the King's River, or Beck, from the Port of Kingston upon Hull, into or near the Town of Great Driffield, and to Frodingham Bridge, in the Fall Riding of the County of York, was committed ;That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him,to report to the House; $ind he read the Report in Ins

Placey

Geo. III. C Mah. 339

Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment*, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroU'ed.

Parish A Bjll for the better Regulation of the Parish poor Poor Children, of the several Parishes therein mentioned. Children, f]H. j^ills of Mortality, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. worth, Mr. Forre/ler, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Garth, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Grey, Mr. Calvert, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Gray, Sir Mr. Burke,

Mr. Harris, Mr. WhatcMr. Wood, Sir Edit'ard Wiiinington, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Lord

Dow lie, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Plummer, Lord Grey, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Jetty ns, Mr. Gilbert, Sir George Savile, Admiral Frankland, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Brand, Mr. Burrell, Admiral Cotes, Mr. -Seymour: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices.

Papists Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Wills and allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and ee *’ Wills made by Papilts, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers: And that Sir Ellis Mr.

hamBootle, and Admiral Cotes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Letten’i An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ate*’ for veiling an undivided Third-Part of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the City of London, and in the Counties of Oxford and Bucks, heretofore the Estate of Susannah Letten, Widow', deceased, in certain Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trull, to be sold, and for paying and applying the Money, to arise by the Sale thereof, in the Manner therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tracey, Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Wilson, Sir Charles Farnaby, Lord George Sackvill Sir George Savile, Mr.

Brudenell, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Shi finer, Mr. Ed mo of one, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Morton, M r. Gascoyne, Mr. Plumptre, Sir digale, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pownall, Mr.

Dempjter, Mr. Praed, Mr. Upton, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Admiral Sir

George Yonge; and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and the Counties of Oxford, Bucks,

Berks, Gloucester, Somerfc 11 and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Sib/horpe have Leave to go into Absence. the Country for a Month, ujjoii extraordinary Occa-, fions.

Harris, Mr. GqrjJq. Mr- Venyas, Lord Doicnt, Lord Grey, Sir George-Savile, Mr Calvert,

fate, Mr. Grey, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Whitworth; and all the 1 embers who lervo for the Counties Cambridge, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five oft he Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Pa/erfun, according to Order, reported from the Redemption Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for of certain redeeming the Remainder of the Joint Stock of Annui- j^avv BUls. ties, established by an Act made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, was committed, the Amendments which the Cotn-mittee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question sevenilly put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Redemption Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for o{ certain redeeming Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities, efta- w" n'1 blished by an Act made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he reall the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to wdiom Turnpike the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act Roads; of Parliament, the General Laws for the Amendment Amending and Preservation of the Turnpike Roads of this King- w*' dom, was re-committed. That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Woodcock’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act and ( for veiling divers Messuages, Lands, and Heredita-Rftat'sS ments, in the County of Norfolk, devised by the Wills of John Woodcock, and Mary deceased, in

Matthew Pepper Manby, and his Heirs, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the same County, in lieu thereof, to the Ules therein mentioned, tvas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Turner, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fonncrean, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Tudzvay, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Prefeott, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Brand, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Thurlow, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. De Grey, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Kynaf Air. Dyfon, Sir Yonge, Mr. Burke, Mr. Whatcly, Mr. Forre/ler, Mr.

Vol. 31.

Mr.Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Highwaysj the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Amending Parliament, the several Laws now in being, for the Laws* Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways of this Kingdom, was re-committed, That the.Committee bad made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the

Committee,

340

5

Mail.

W»y» and Means.

Committee of the whole House, to w hom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Conunittee hail directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of tills Committee, That an additional Ditty of Three Pence per Ell, be

Day of December 1767 inchiftvc; ami that the said Sum be issued and paid for the l ie of the said IJospital, without Pee or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eire hundred Pounds, he granted to 11 is Majesty upon Account, to enable the (jovernors and Guardians of the said Hospital, to put out Apprentice Inch Children as wore received into the said llofpilal on or before

laid upon all Linen Cloth or Sheeting, above One Yard the 25th Day of March 1700, lb as the said Governors Englijk in'Width, which shall be imported into this and Guardians do not give with any one Chill, more Kingdom, from Holland and Flanders, except Cloth of than the Sum of Sev en Pounds, the Manufacture of those Countries. The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Time, were, upon the Quelliou severally put thereupon, That an additional Duty of Three Pence per Ell, be agreed to by the House. laid upon all Drilling, other than Canvass Drilling,

which shall be imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties be carried to the Sinking Fund, towards making good to the same the Payments to be made thereout, of the Annuities to be established in respect of the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised in pursuance of a liefolution of this House, on the 16th Day of last.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 7th Year of the Reign of his

Sir lynch Sain/bury Colton reported from the Com- Marchwivd

tnittec, to whom the Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Market Town of Malpas,in the county of t

and of the Inhabitants of the Parishes o 7 'if. on,

Shocklach,nxn\ of the several Townships Bicklejj, La r ton, Hampton Edge, Due king! on,

Broxton, Charlton, Overtoil, Otdaijllc,

teu ton, Bradley, Stockton, Wigland,

was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to

to

Dodington

Roads.

late Ma jeity King George the Second, intituled, An Act report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House;

for the Revival of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal, during the Time therein limited; and also for the free Importation of Indico, which was to continue in Force from the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-four, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several fuble-quest Acts, passed in the Fourteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of his said late Majesty’s Reign, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and tit to be continued.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ditto.

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 1 able: V. here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition;

Janies S/une,being examined, said. That the Road leading from Bangor, in the County of to in the County of Chester,is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Parts, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Sir Lynch Salujbun/ Cotton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons residing near or travelling between Whitchurch and Fllejiiier was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House'; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the faraq was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition;

Waiter llollis, being examined, laid, That the Road leading from a Place called Red Brook, to Hampton, in the County of Salop, is become very ruinous, and is in feme Parts too narrow; and that the same cannot

leing.

Dittp,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Rill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon the 16th Day of April last, were reported from the Corn- be repaired and widened by the Law s in 1 mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House; that they do make Provision in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Three First of the Resolutions this Day reported from the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House.

Supply-

Mr. Onjlozo, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House,to whom it was referred

Ordered, That it be an Inltmetion to lie Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Marchie ive I,in the County of Denbigh,

throughBuMgur.ir u/7Ac/i6«/;y,an<l/.fa inner,in the County of Flint,to a Ilouie in the PolleHion of Mr. Thomas

Jenks,in Dodington, in the Pariili of in ihe

County of Salop,is committed, that, they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from Bangor, in the County of Unit,

Ditto*

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- to Malpas, in the County of and also the Road

jesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

from a Place called Red Brook, to Hampton, ill the County of Salop.

Mr. Onjlozo, according to Order, reported from the High Price Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer- p

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, red to consider further of the present high Price ot Pro

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-eight thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital, for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, to maintain and educate such Children as were received into the said Hospital, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31 ft Day of December 1 766 exclulivcyto the 31st

ao

visions, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report, to the House; which ho read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the same were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Sorts of felted Meat, and Butter be allowed to be imported into Great Britain, for a limited lime, free of Duty.

Resolved,

7 Geo 'III. 5° — 6° Mali.

34*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Importation of Bice, Sago Powder, and Vermicelli, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, into Great Britain, be admitted, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

The said Kefolutions being severally road a Second Time, were, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Kefolutions: And that Mr. the Lord

Clare, Mr. Garth, Sir William Meredith, Mr.

stone, and Sir EllisCunli do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Supply B.ll; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House certai!!"sum to resolve 'tfelf into a Committee of the whole House, of Money, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money,by way of Annuities, and a Lottery attended with Annuities, to-be charged on the Sinking Fund, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itl’elf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the; Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

"Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they h^d directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

American ReJ'olved, That this l louse will, upon Monday Morq-

Culomcs. jrjnn ui'xt, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which have been presented to the House, in this Session of Parliament, by His Majesty’s Command, relating to the North American Colonies.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6° die Matt;

Anno 7* Georgii III,!I Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

AMeffage from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

Tenterden, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act &c. for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Road. Turnpike Road in the Town of Tenterden, to and over Bull G reen, And to and through the Town of Great Chart, to a House known by the Sign of at the En-

trance of the Town of Ashford, in the County of Kents and also the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid, to HothjieldHeath; and also the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid, through High Halden, to Dashmanden, in the Parish of Biddenden, in the said County of Kents without any Amendment: And also,

Mowgrave The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance, in Fee Seaton Simple, of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, ano"* in the County of York, demised to Phipps,

Esquire, by Letters Patent, under the Seal of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, unto the said Constantine Phipps, and Constantine John Phipps, his eldeftSon, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the fame, without any Amendment: And also,

Edinbor h The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Street t for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh, over certain adjoining Lands, and for giving Powers to the Magistrates of Edinburgh, for the Benefit of the said City; and to enable His Majesty to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre in the City of or Suburbs thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

Vol. 31.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act East for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields ?arJ^i,h and Meadows, in the Parish of East Barkwith, in the nc ure‘ County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for EarI veiling several Lands and Tenements, settled and en- Effaces.* tailed upon William Earl of Radnor, and his Issue, by the Wilis of Jacob, late Viscount Folkestone, and Sir Edward Des Bouverie, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing and settling other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof; and to impower the Tenants for Life to make such Leases as are therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Goebell'* naturalizing Gerard Goebell; to which the Lords desire Nat* the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Moyle’* enable Joseph Copley, Esquire, lately called Moyle, Name* and his Issue, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Copley, pursuant to the Will of Lionel Copley,

Esquire, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Olborne'* Sale of divers Freehold and Copyhold Lands and Tene- Eftales*

ments, in the Parish of Sunbury, in the County of Mii-dlesex, and of certain Copyhold Lands in the Parish of Hampton, in the said County, Part of the Estate of John Osborne, deceased, unto the Right honourable George Earl of Pomfret, pursuant to an Agreement, and’ to apply the Purchase Money in discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the said Estate; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Eari of discharging divers Manors, Rectory, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of the Right honourable Richard Earl of Scarbrough, by him settled on his Marriage with the Right honourable Barbara Countess of Scarbrough, from the Uses and Trulls of the said Settlement, and for settling other Manors,

Lands, and Tenements, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vnuiamton’* veiling Part of the settled Estate of Richard te*'

Esquire, in Trullees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, for reimbursing the said Richard William J'onthe Expences he has been at in

improving the said Estate; and other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

t

Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Ad- Answer dress of Monday last, that His Majesty would be gra- to Addrefc. cioully pleased to give Directions, that the Lift therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The House being informed, that Mr. Richardson, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Tea and Coffee which Account; has been seized and condemned, for Three Years, by an<i Cultora House Cutters, Cullom House Officers, and 0 Admiralty Cutters; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

4 Sir:

342

Mail

A. 1767.

Va^ifts Wills and Deeds.

Sir E//« Cunliffc presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Pa pills, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Redemption of certain Annuities; Navy Bills.

a Committee of the wholeHouse, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That An ingrossed Bill for redeeming the Remainder of they had come to fevei'al Resolutions; which they had the Joint Stock of Annuities, establillied by an Act directedhim to report, when the House will please to made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, receive the same.

in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, was read the Third Morning.

Time. Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title was directed by the Committee to move, that they may be, An Act for redeeming the Remainder of the Joint have Leave to fit again.

Stock of Annuities, established by an Act made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Redemption of certain Annuities; WineDuties*

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Ma-An ingrossed Bill for redeeming Part of the Joint jesty, that He will begraeiously pleased to give Direc-Stock of Annuities, established by an Act, made in the tions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, References, Orders, Proceedings, and Reports, made An Act for granting to His Majesty several Additional by the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, the Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and Secretaries of State, or His Majesty’s Privy Council, recertain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raif- lative to the Bill passed by the Governor, Council, and ing the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand Assembly of Massachusets Bay, for granting Compen-Pounds, by way of Annuit ies and Lotteries, to be fation to the Sufferers, and of free and general Pardon, charged on the said Duties; was read the Third Time. Indemnity, and Oblivion to the Offenders in the late Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Times, from the 29th Day of December, when the full be. An Act for redeeming One Fourth Part of the Joint Notice of the said Bill appears, by the Papers laid be-Stock of Annuities, established by an Act made in the fore this House, to have been given to His Majesty’s Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. Secretary of State;

An Act for granting to His Majesty several Additional And the previons Queston being put; That that Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and Question be now put;

American

Colooiei.

Supply Bill; Duties oh Linen, See,

certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Paterson, presented to the House, 'according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon certain Linen Cloth imported, and for carrying such Duties, together with the additional Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, upon the Importation of Bast, or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-, hair Hats and Bonnets, and certain Materials for making

the fame, to the Sinking Fund: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply Bill; Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from L.rttry. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities, and a Lottery attended with Annuities, to be charged on the Sinking Fund, was committed, the Amendments -which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the CIerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Prayers.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for di-‘ vidingand inclosing the Common, and several Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish in the County of Cumberland, was committed;

Ordered, That Sir George do make the said

Report.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow, at Twelve o’clock.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow VIorning, Nine of the Clock.

Cattle

Sowerby

Inclosure.

Supply.

fi

yovisy 7* Matty

Anno 7* Georgii Regis, 1767.

ingrossed.

Leave of Abi'cncc.

Ditto.

Way* and Mans.

Ordered, That Sir George A rmytahave Leave to go

into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

THE House was moved, that the Report, which. Exporting upon the Day of April Jail, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Merchants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and all others. Merchants in the Ordered, That Mr. Drax have Leave to go into the County' of Norfolk, City of Norwich, Borough of Great Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. Yarmouth, in the said County, and in Gorlejion, in the

rr, ,j r ,. _ , County o

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Malt, was referred, might be again read

22 And

lOOQPe

Supply Bill Lortery.

Adlingfleet

Incioiurc.

% Hull Kavigati#r,

Rotherham

and

Harcliff

Tyburn

and

Uxbridge

Road.

7 Geo. III. 7° Mali, 343

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the wholeTIoufe.

Resolved, That thin House will, Tomorrow Morn-ning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money byway of Annuities, and a pottery attended with Annuities, to be charged on the Sinking Fund, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities, and a Lottery attended with Annuities, to be charged on the Sinking Fund.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Lands, Grounds, and Commons, in the several Town-lliips of Adlingflect, Fockerby, and in the

West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Rif deed. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Lands, Grounds, and Commons, in the several Townships of Acting fleet, Fockerby, and Haldcnby, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for improving and extending the Navigation of the River Hull, and the King's River, or West Beck, from the Port of Kingston-upon-Hull, into or near the Town of Great Driffield, and to Frodingham Bridge, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 40.1.26. After" fit" to insert " not exceedingFive " Pounds on any Person for One Offence."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Dill was amended at the Table accordingly. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Hull, and Frodingham Beck, from Ake Beck Mouth, to the Clough, on the East Corner of and for

extending the said Navigation from the said Clough, into or near the Town of Great Driffield, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Doncaster, through the Parish of Penifon,in the County of 1 ork, to Salter's

Brook, in the County of Cand also the Road fioni Rotherham, in the said County to

cliff Ilill, in the said Parish of Penifon; so far as relates to the Road from Rotherham, to Hartcliff was committed; be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, and render more effectual, Three Acts, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County o and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over 11 a me ell Heath, through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road in the said County; and for lighting, watching, and watering the Highway between Tyburn and Kenfingtoh Gravel Pits; was read the Third Time.

Vol. 31.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, and render more effectual.

Three Aftsfor repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over

Hanwell Heath, through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road in the said County; and for lighting, watching, and watering, the Highway between Tyburn and Gravel Pits.

Ordered, That Sir William BeauchampProSlor docarry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Byde presented to the House, according to River Order, a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Navigation. Lee, from a certain Place in the Town of Hertford, to the River Thames: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Grant have Leave to stay in the Leave of Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for discharging divers Manors, Rectory, Messuages, Scarorough's Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of the Estates* Right honourable Richard Earl of Scarbrough, by him settled on his Marriage with the Right honourable Barbara Countess of Scarbrough, from the Uses and Trusts of the said Settlement, and for settling other Manors,

Lands, and Tenements, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act j'fov,e‘I to enable Joseph Copley, Esquire, lately called Joseph tme* Moyle, and his Issue, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Copley, pursuant to the Will of Lionel Copley, Esquire, deceased, was read the First Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act Earl of for veiling several Lands and Tenements, settled and entailed upon William Earl of Radnor, and his Issue, by the Wills of Jacob, late Viscount and Sir

Edward Des Bouverie, Baronet, deceased, in Trullees, to be sold, and for purchasing and settling other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof; and to impower the Tenants for Life to make such Leases as are therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Williamfoo’s for vefting Part of the settled Estate of Richard Eft*te-

son, Esquire, in Trullees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, for reimbursing the said Richard Williamson the Expences he has been at in

improving the said Estate; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Goebell’* for naturalizing Gerard Goebell, was read the First Nat. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Doctor Hay presented to the House, according to Encouraging Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual the Arts ot an Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of Designing, Engraving, and Etching, Historical and other Prints, by veiling the Properties thereof in the Inventors and Engravers, during the Time therein mentioned; and for extending the Provisions thereof to Models of Bulls, Statues, or Figures: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr.


344

Mali.

Rycroft’:

Leafing.

A, 1767.

Mr. Paterfonreported from the Committee.to whom personal Estates of Persons deceased, among their Cra-

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to ditors; and for subjecting the real Estates of deceased d1 o"..... 1 i 1 Traders to all their Debts; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitted to a select Committee.

impower Richard Bycroft, Clerk, and his llVue, claiming under his Marriage Settlement,to grant Leases of Houses and Grounds, in Clarges Street,\nthe County of Middle-

Jez; was committed; That the Coinmittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. -stone, Mr. Dowdejwell, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Town-

Jhend, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Mr.

Gore, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir Ellis Mr. Burrell,

Lord Catherlough, Mr. Gasco Mr. Dempster, Mr.

Dyfon, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Sandys, Mr. De Grey, Mr.

Kynaston, Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Morton,

Mr. Upton, Mr. Whichcot, Lord Howe, Mr. Whately, Mr. Calvert, Lord Clare, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Hamilton,

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Mr. Ridley, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed Roger Newdigute; and all the Gentlemen of the Long

©(borne's

Estates.

to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of divers Freehold and Copyhold Lands and Tenements, in the Parish of Sunbury, in the County of Middlesex, and of certain Copyhold Lands in the Parish

Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- East India

of Hampton, in the said County, Part of the Estate of posed. That the East Company do lay before this ComP»ny'

John Osborne, deceased, unto the Right honourable George Earl of Pomfret, pursuant to an Agreement, and to apply the Purchase Money in dischargingtli Debts and Incumbrances aftefting the said Estate; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Willeffey

Inclosure.

House, Tomorrow Morning, an Account of the Proceedings of the General Court of the said Company, which was holden Yelterday;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding thereto, these Words " together " with Copies of all such Papers as were laid before " or read to the said Court, as a Foundation for their " Resolutions."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question

Mr. Dowdeswell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Then the main Question so amended being put;

Grounds, of and in the Parish of IVillerfey, iuthe Coun- Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before

ty of Gloucester;was committed; That the Committee this House, Tomorrow Morning, an Account of the

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found Proceedings of the General Court of the said Company, the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned which was holden Yesterday; together with Copies of had given their Consent to tire Bill, to the Satisfaction of all such Papers as were laid before or read to the said the Committee; except Two Persons, who are Owners Court, as a Foundation for their Resolutions.

of One Yard Land and Three Quarters, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to opposethe Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the

Ordered, That the Chairman, and Deputy Chairman, of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, or One of them, do. Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to inquire further into the State and Condition of the

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af- East India Company, terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were of the whole House, to whom it is referred to inquire Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One further into the State and Condition of the East India by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- Company, that they do in the first Place take into upon. One of them was disagreed to, and the red were their Consideration so much of an Act made in the

agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be rolled.

in.

improving the Pillages to the House.

Mr. Burrell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for carrying on an additional Building, for a more commodious Passage to the House of Commons, from Saint Margaret's Lane, and Old

qth and 10th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum, not exceeding Two millions upon a Fund, for Payment of Annuities, after the Rate of Eight Pounds per per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the East Indies, as relates to the making of Dividends by the said Company.

Ordered, That the East India Company do. Tomorrow Morning, lay before th House, a Copy of the

Palace Yard: And the same was received; and read State of Company’s which was prepared by

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Preventing Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Extortion - - —

the Directors, and offered to be laid before the General Court, at the Time the Dividend off. 10 per Cent, was declared, together with a State of their Bond Debts at that Time.

Ordered, That the East India Com patiy do lay before

SS. O^- mFr T2* T^enty-ntah Year of ETKSS 72

Sic. *"e ftoign of Queen Elizabeth, to prevent Extortion in <L — h,

£ states of Debtors.

the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, to prevent Extortion in Sheriffs, Under Sheriffs, and Bailiffs of Franchises, or Liberties, in Cafes of Execution: And that Mr. Cooper and Mr. Paterson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refolveitfelf into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for the more equal the

Transfers of India Stock, made since the Opening of the Books the gth of April lad.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House, an Account of the Annual Dividends, made upon therCapital Stock of the said Company from the Year i6g8, to the present Time.

Ordered, That the East India Com do lay before

this House, an Edimate of a State of their Cash and Effects made up to Christmas next,

Mr.

Wiyi and Meant

Castle

Sowerby

Inclosure.

Ditto.

Geo. III. 7° Mail. 345

Mr. Paterson,according so Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid an additional Duty of Onc Halfpenny per Ell, upon all foreign Canvas, Packing, Spruce, Elbing or 2 uinjborough,imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved., That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid an additional Duty of One Penny per Ell, on all foreign Canvas, Dutch Barrafs, or Ilefl'ens, imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all foreign Lawns imported into this Kingdom, be rated as Silefa Lawns, and pay Duty accordingly.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That over and above the said Duty, an additional Duty of Three Pence per Yard, be laid upon all foreign Lawns imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds per Annum, ariting from the said Duties, do remain in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, as a Fund for the Encouragement of raising and dressing Plemp and Flax, in this Kingdom, in such Way and Manner as Parliament shall hereafter direct; am) that the Remainder of the said Duties be referred in the Exchequer for the future Dil’position of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Paterson, Sir Alexander Gil-onour, Lord Frederick Campbell, Lord Rroivnloxv Bertie,

Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Prj/fe Campbell, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. 7 bucket, and Mr. db prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Sir George Savile,according toOrder, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and several Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Cajf/e in the County of Cumberland;was committed; That the

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors t>f Eltates, having Right of Common within the said Manor and Parish, of the Annual Value of z8o. ior. who being applied to refused to lign the Bill; and that the Whole of t he Estates within the said Manor and Parish having Right of Common, are of the Annual Value of £.2,807. i6r. Sd.); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Ordered, That the said Report be now read.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Rejiort was read.

And the Petition of John Setcerby, Row, in the Parish of Cajile Sower!hi, in the County of Cumberland, Gentleman; and also the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Tenements, within the Manor and Parish of CajHc'Sowerbyaforesaid, and having Right of Common on the Wastes and Commons, lying in the Manor and Parish albresaid, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Persons interested in the said

Vol. 31.

Wastes and Commons; and also, the Petition of rite several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Tenements within, and Parcel of, the Manor and Forest of in the County of Cumberland, and as such having Right of Common of Palture, and other Privileges, in and upon the Waste and Commons, and within the said Manor and Forest, on Behalf of themselves, and divers others, interested in the said Wastes and Commons; were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and produced Evidence, and examined a Witness in support of the Allegations of the said Petitions, and went through the Evidence for the Petitioners.

Then the Counsel for the Bill were alib heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agree* 1 to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, upon the Bill for the better Securit y of the Estates and Effects of Merchants, Bankers, Traders, Scriveners, Factors, or Brokers, who may hereafter become Bankrupts;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to’ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Docks, and other Conveniences, for the Use and Accommodation of Ships, lengthening the South-end Jetty, erecting Dolphins, and other Works, in -the Haven and Port of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty tothofe Ules;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

Sir Anthony Abdy, occording to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, and several Waste Grounds, with* in the Manor and Parish of Skelton, in the County of Cumberland-, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates within the said Manor and Parish, of the Annual Value of £.212. ioy.; and also except the Proprietors of Estates of the Annual Value of£. 21, who could not be found; and that the whole Annual Value of Estates within the said Manor and-Parish, by which the Proprietors claim Right of Common, amounts to £. 1,335)» and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed, that no Counsel attended;

The said Report was read. ’

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossCd.

4 T The

Bankrupts*

Kingston upon Hull Docks*

Skelton

Inclosure*

346 7 — 8‘

The other Orders of the Day being read;

High Price Resolved, That this House will, upon _ of Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the ro»i ons. wj10je yj0ufe, toconfuler further of the present high Price of Provisions.

High Price Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday of Corn. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 Ioufe, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mail. . 1767.

he, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waile Grounds, of and in the Parish of in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdeswelldo carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Robinson presented to the House, according Laleham to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. Fields and Commons in the Manor of Laleham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Beck’s

EiUle.

V zneris, 8° die Maii;

Anno 7° Georgii III*" Regis, 1767. Prayers.

ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

&c.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account; Account of the Total Quantities, and Values, of so- Linen Yam, reign Linen Yarn, imported into Great Britain, for the last Seven Years; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Quantities, and Values, of foreign Hemp and Flax, imported into Great Britain, for the lait Seven Years; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Values of all the Exports from England to Germany, and of all the Imports from Ger-

for exonerating Part erf the Estate, late of Thomas

Beck, Gentleman, deceased, charged with an Annuity, many to England, for the last Seven Years; distinguish or clear Yearly Rent, of One hundred Pounds, of and ing each Year.

from the Payment of the said Rent; and for substituting and making liable to the Payment thereof, other Part of the Estate of the said Thomas Beck, of equal Value, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Hervey, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Mr.

Fonnereau, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Archer, Mr. Smith, Mr. Glover, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Bacon, Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Holt, M v. Shiftier, Sir John Cotton,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Values of all the Exports from England to Holland, and of all the Imports from Holland to England, for the last Seven Years; distinguishing each Year.

Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton reported from the Com-' Marchwivd mittee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Marchwivel, in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenbury, and Hanmer, in the

to

Dodingtoa

Road.

Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Robinson, County of Flint, to a House in the Possession of Mr.

A f n nil hT&i*/Til A f r» , P/,... I. . -I_ i.Lo D/im'/->C

Air. Cornwall, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Mr. Whichcot, Air, Craufurd, Mr. Herne, Sir Francis

Vincent, Mr. Touchct, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Aufrere, Mr. Lawrence, Sir Richard Glyn; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

London

Paving;

Applying

the

Coal Duties.

A Bill for completing the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Friars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side, in the County of and the

Avenues thereto on the London Side; for redeeming the 'i'olls on the said Bridge, and on London for

rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, in the find City; for repairing the Royal Exchange, within the same for embanking Part of the North Side of the said River, within certain Limits; and for further continuing, towards those Purposes, the Imposition of Sixpence per Chaldron, or Ton, of Coals and Culm, imported into

Thomas Jenks, in Dodington, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Wiierq the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Aleflage from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Air. Cuddon:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Gxlbedt the Port of the said City, established by an Act of the for making navigable a Brook, called Codbeck, from the Navigation. Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William River Swale to the Borough of ,in the County

and Queen Mary, and also for carrying on the new Pavements, in the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Hariflies adjacent, and in the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House upon this Day Se-vemiight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Willerfey J nclolurc.

An ingrossed Bill for div iding and inclosing the Opeq and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds,of and in the Parish of Willerfey, in the County of Glouajter,was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the BUI do: And that the Title

of York, without any Amendment: And also

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons within the Manor of Henfingham, in

land, without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons in the Alanor of Rcagill, in the County of Westmorland, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the BUI, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons in the Manor of Shap, in the County of Wejwithout

any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common within the Map or of Dislington, in the County of Cumberland, without any Amendment: And a

The

Hcofingfom

Jacloiurt.

Rttoill

Inclosure*

Shap Inclosure

Distinfiorr

Inclosure.

7 Geo. III. 8° Mail 347

1

Bethnal The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the

Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, for making a Road from the East Side of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the East End of Church Street, and to open a Way into Shoreditch; and for repairing, paving, and regulating, Old Cock Lane, New Cock Lane, Church Street, and the Road on the Wed Side of the Opening into;

and for removing Nuifunces and Obllru6tions therefrom, and preventing the same for the future; without any Amendment: And also,

K° The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

WoUr'* for naturalizing John and George Wolff, without Nat. any Amendment: And also,

Cogan’s The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estates. veiling the undivided Parts of several Manors, Mef-l’uages, Closes, Lands, Tenements, Tolls, and other Hereditaments, in the Counties of Leiccsler and Northampton, devised by the Will of John Surgeon,

deceased, in Trullees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other -Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Ui'es contained in the said Will; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Leave Ordered, That Mr. Vanjittart have Leave to go into Akfence. the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Exportation Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of Malt, to resolve itself into aComipitteee of the whole House, to consider of the Report, which was made from the , Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Merchants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and all others, Merchants, in the County of Norfolk, City of Norwich, Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the said County, and in in the County of Suffolk, concerned in making or exporting Malt, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Townshend took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. CharlesToumjhendreported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Turnpike Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom Roads; the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws for the Amendment and Prefer ration of the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, was again re-committed. That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the I louse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and theu a Second Time, One by One; and, upon (lie Question severally put thereupon, Were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill for pun ishing Per Ions defacing Mile-Stones.

And the said Clause v. as Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Vol. 31.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Office* who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to EmpI*"^entt> indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to regiller, or deliver in, their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped, according to the several Acts now in force for that Purpose, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for giving further Time to such Persons as have omitted to pay the Duties upon Indentures, or Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for the stamping thereof.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties Supply Bill j upon certain Linen Cloth imported, and for carrying Duties on such Duties, together with the additional Duties grant- LlBcnt»kc* ed in this Session of Parliament, upon the Importation of Bast, or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, and certain Materials for making the same, to the Sinking Fund, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, Thut the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed, that Mr. James, from Raft loft"1* the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Company. Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of the Proceedings of the General Court of the United East India Company, held on the 6th May 1767: And also,

N° 2. Copy of the Propositions approved of by the Proprietors of the East India Company, for an Agreement between the Public and the said Company, mentioned in the Proceedings of the General Court held on the 6th of May 1767: And also,

N° 3. Copy of the State of the East India Company’s Affairs, which was prepared by the Court of Directors, and offered to be laid before the General Court, held on the 24th September 1766, when the Dividend of £. 10 per Cent, was declared; And also,

N° 4. State of the Bond Debt of the United Com-

Jany of Merchants of England, trading to the East tidies, on the 24th September 1766: And also,

N° 5. An Account of all Transfers of East India Stock, which have been made since the Opening of the Books on the 9th of April 1767: And also,

N° 6. An Account of the Annual Dividends, made upon the Capital Stock of the East India Company, from the Year 1698, to the present Time.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Cooper presented te the House, according to Or- Preventing der, a Biff for explaining an Act, made in the Twenty- Extortion in ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, to prevent

Extortion

34

8° — 11°

A. 1767.

Kail In>1ta Company.

Extortion in Sheriffs, Under Sheriffs, and Bailiffs of Franchises, or Liberties, in Cafes of Execution: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire further into the State and Condition of the

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair

" of the " against " Suits."

Court of Directors for commencing Suits the Company’s Servants in , which

And the said Amendment was, upon the Que/ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the E<Jl Ind Company do lay before

this House, the same ttated to the Attorney and Solicitor General, and the Counsel of the Company, for their Opinion; together with that Opinion, and the Order of the Court of Directors, for commencing Suits

Mr. Fit lief reported from the Committee, That they against the Company’s Servants in Bengal, which Suit*

were ordered to be dismissed by the General Court of Proprietors, on Wednesday last.

Mr. Fuller also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee- to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

ltefolved. That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Way* ing next,; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *ndMeaM' House, to consider further of \Vays and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

had, pursuant to the Inftniftion of the House, taken into Coniideration so much of an Act made in the Ninth imd Tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for raising aSum, not exceeding Two Millions, upon a Fund, for Payment of Annuities, after the Rate of Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the East Indies, as relates to the making of Dividends by the said Company; and had examined a Witness; and had made a . further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to make several Motions, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Fuller accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that the Account of Transfers of East I/ulia Stock, which have been made since the Opening of the Books on the 9th of April 17671 this Day presented to the House, be printed.

And Mr. Fuller moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Account of all Transfers of East India Stock, which have been made since the Opening of the Books on the 9th of April 1767, (this Day presented to the House) be printed.

Mr. Fuller also reported from the said Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further regulating the making of Dividends, by the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies.

And Mr. Fuller moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further regulating the making of Dividends, by the J~\. for confirming a Partition between the Reverend United Company of Merchants of England, trading to Erasmus Saunders, Doctor in Divinity, and Mary his

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 110 Maii;

Anno 7* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1767.

Supply.

Prayers.

ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

the East Indies: And that Mr. Fuller, Mr. Difon, Mr. Secretary Conway, Mr. Chauceller of the Exchequer,

Mr. OnJ/oxv, Mr. Thomas Junior, Mr. Pryj'e

Campbell, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Wedderburn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fuller also reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the ] souse, that the East India Company do lay before this House, the same dated to the Attorney and Solicitor General, and the CottnfeJ of the Company, for their Opinion; together with that Opinion, upon which the Prosecutions against the Company’s Servants in Bengal were commenced, and which were ordered

to he ditwilled,by the General Court of Proprietors,

on Wednesday last.

Ami Mr. Fuller moved the House accordingly.

And the Qnellio» being the East India Company do lay before this i louse, the same dated to the Attorney and Solicitor General, and the Counsel of the Company, for their Opinion;together with that

Opinion, upon which the Prosecutionsagaind the Company’s Servants in Bengal were commenced, and which Prosecutions were ordered to be by the

General Court of Proprietors, on lad;

An Amendment was prepoled to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " upon which the

"Prosecutions against the Company’s Servants in " gul were commenced, and which Prosecutions," and

inferring these Words iutlcad thereof, " and the Order 21

Wife, Samuel Roycroft, the Younger, Esquire, and Ann

his Wife, of several Estates in the County of Lincoln, and for veiling and settling the fame, to the Uses and on the Trusts contained in their respective Marriage Settlements, with respect to such Estates: and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Ward, Sir George Savile, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Loumdes, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Touchet,

Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Grey, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Sir

William Meredith, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Garth, Mr. Mackay, Mr. Calvert, Lord Mr. Byde, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Drake, Mr. Howard,

Sir Joseph Maubey, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Reynolds, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Butler, Mr. Burke, Mr. Willoughby, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Whately, Lord Cary and all the Mem-

bers who force for the Counties of Lincoln,

Surrey, and SuJJ'ex: And they are to meet this Alier-noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

SiomJfrt

and

Roycroft’t

Estates.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt have Leave go into the Country for the Recovery of his Health.

to

of Abfaw

A Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Rivato Lee, from a certain Place in the Town of Hertford, to Na the Rives Thames, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,

Earl of Scarbrough*

Estate.

Cogan’s

Euaie.

Bond’s

Estate.

7 Geo. III.

Resolved, That the Bill bo committed to Mr. Byde, Mr. Calvert, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Nicholson Calvert, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Upton, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Yorkc,

Air. Thurlmo, Mr. Wilbraham, Sir John Sebright, Mr.

Jennings, Mr. Bofcawcn, Sir Matthew Lamb, Sir William Baker, Mr. Gore, Mr. Air. llume,

Mr. Brand, Mr. GaJ'coyne, Sir Charles Air,

Formereau. Air. Montagu, Mr. Hunter, Mr.

Air. Reynolds, Mr. Wal/xtlc, Mr. Praed, Mr. Bond, Mr. Ewer, Sir George Savi/e, Mr. Rigby, Air.

Air. Sand)'/s, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir William Beauchamp

Proctor, Mr. Seymour, Air. and all the Alem-

bers who serve for the Counties of Hertford, MiddleJ'er, Essex, Bucks, Bedford, Huntingdon, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who’come are to have Voices.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act s for discharging divers Alanors, Redory, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of the Right honourable Richard Earl of Scarbrough, by him settled on his Alarriage with the Right honourable Barbara, Countess of Scarbrough,from the Uses and Trulls of the said Settlement, and for settling other Alanors, Lands, and Tenements, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Plummer, General BoJ'cawen, Sir Alexander Air.

Fonncreau, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Dr. Hay, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. West, Sir George Savile, Mr. Upton, Mr.

Reynolds, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bacon, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Lord Burg Air. Gilbert, Mr. Praed, Mr. Howard, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Prescott, Mr. GaJ'coyne, Mr, Ewer, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Sir

William Meredith, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir William Baker, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Calcrafl; and all the Members who

serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, York, Durham, and Northampton: And they arc to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the undivided Parts offeveral Alanors, Messuages, Closes, Lands, Tenements, Tolls, and other Hereditaments, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, devised by the Will of John Cogan, Surgeon, deceased, in Trullees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses contained in the said Will, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Burgherjh reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Undivided Moieties, and other Parts, Shares, Hereditaments, and Premises, being Part of the Estate of John Bond, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in Trullees, to be sold, discharged of the Uses of their Alarriage Settlement, and inverting the Alone^ arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the same Settlement, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 31.

349

Pr. 24, 1. 30. after "made" insert " Provided always,

" and it is hereby further enacted and " declared. That, in case all or any " of the Alanors, Messuages, Lands,

" undivided Moieties, Fourth Part,

" Twelfth Part, and other Parts and " Shares, Hereditaments and Premifes, by this Act vested in the said " Richard Vincent and Nathaniel Templeman, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, in Trull,

" to be sold, conveyed, surrendered,

" or assigned as aforesaid, shall remain unfold, and not conveyed,

' surrendered, or assigned to any

" Purchaser or Purchasers, pursuant " to the Directions of this Act, within Five Years after the Twentieth " Day of July, One thousand Seven " hundred and Sixty-seven, it shall " and may be lawful to and for the " said Richard Vincent and

" nielTempleman, and the Survivor " of them, his Heirs, Executors, or " Administrators, at any Time or " Times hereafter (by and with the " Consent and Approbation of the said John Bond and Mary Bond " his Wife, or the Survivor of them,

" if living, but, if dead, then at the " Trullees own Discretion) to settle,

" surrender, convey, and allure, all " or any such Alanors, Messuages,

" Lands, undivided Aloieties, Fourth " Part, Twelfth Part, and other " Parts and Shares, Hereditaments,

" and Premises, remaining unfold as " aforesaid, to such and the same " Uses, upon such and the same " Trulls, and to and for such and " the same Ends, Intents, and Purposes, and under and subject to " such and the same Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, Covenants,

" and Agreements, as in and by the " said Indenture of Settlement, of " the Fifteenth Day of July, One " thousand Seven hundred and For-" ty-nine, herein before recited, were respectively limited, created, pro-ft vided, and declared or covenanted and agreed to be limited, created,

" provided, and declared, of and " concerning the same, or so many of them as shall be then existing " undetermined or capable of taking ElTeft:"

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, . was, upon the Queiiion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Skelton Common and several Waste Grounds, within the Manor inclosure* and Parish of Skelton, in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, and several Walle Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Skelton, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Caftl. mon, and several Walle Grounds, within the Manorand 7rrby Parish of Cajtle Soioerby, in the County of Cumberland, c 0 ur*’ was read the Third Time.

4 U Resolved,

11° Mail

35°

11° Mail

A. 1767.

Sunbury

Inclosure.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, and several Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Par rilli of Cajtle Smverby,in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of divers Freehold and Copyhold Lands and Tenements, in the Parish of Sinibunj, in the County of

Mr. Fannereau. Sir William Baker, Mr. Shifter, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Tudway, Mr. Air.

Mr. Kynaston, Air. llervey, Lord Frederick Campbell,

Air. Pozvnall, Mr. Garth, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Whitworth:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices.

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing Middlesex, and of certain Copyhold Lands in the Parish the several Duties upon I Ion fes, Windows, and I jghts; of Hampton, in the said County, Part of the El’tate of and for granting to ITis Majesty other Duties upon

Second; House and Window Duies.

John Ojbome, deceased, unto the Right honourable George Earl of Pomfret, pursuant to an Agreement, jand to apply the Purchase Money in discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the said Estate; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Tonchet,

Earl of Radnor’s Estate.

Houses, Windows, and Lights; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enforce, in that Part of called

the Execution of the said Act; and for explaining the fame: And that Mr. Cooper, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Thomas Townshend, J11-Alr. Fonnereau, Mr. Buller, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Joseph nior, Mr. Onslow, Mr. PryJ'e Campbell, Mr. Attorney

Maicbey, Mr. Bacon, Mr. PreJcott, Mr. Burrell, Mr. General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and Blackstone, Mr. Sliiffner, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Weddell, bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ewer, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Grey, Mr. Coventry, Mr. A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentle- Rotherham Hunter, Mr. Abercromby, Sir EllisCunliffe, Mr. Upton, men, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the West Riding of Har‘°|ltfe Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Francis Vincent;and all the County of York, was presented to the House, and Koad.

read; Setting forth. That in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, an Act was passed for repairing the Road from Doncaster, through the Parish of Peniflon, in the County of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of Chester; and also the Road from Rotherham, iti the said County of York, to Hill, in the said Parish of and separate

Trustees therein named were appointed for the Care of each Branch of Road; and that the Tolls so granted being found insufficient for the Repair of the said Road

the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surreiij, Hertford, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Lands and Tenements, settled and entailed upon William Earl of Radnor, and his Issue, by the Wills of Jacob, late Viscount Folkrfone, and Sir Edward DesBouverie, Baronet, deceased, in Trullees,

to be sold, and for purchasing and settling other Lands from Doncufer to Salter's Brook, an Act passed in the

and Hereditaments in lieu thereof; and to impower the Tenants for Life to make such Leases as are therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. J Lord George Sackville, Mr. Sir Charles

daunt. Air. Paterson, Sir Mr.

cott, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Shffner, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Matthew Lamb, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Ednumstone, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Fuller, Sir Cunliffe, Mr. Nor they,

Kir. Upton; and all the Alembers who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Kent, Wilts, Dorset, and

Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Goebell’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wat for naturalizing Gerrard Goebell, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Prescott, Mr. Garth, Mr. Wliichcot, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gascoyne, Afr. Jackson, Mr. WhitworMr. , Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Shffner, Mr. Poumall, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Gore, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Coventry, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Campbell, Mr. For-rcjler, Mr. Upton, Mr. Byde, Mr. Morton, Mr.

Mr. Hunter, Mr. Wood, Mr. Gilbert, Sir William Baker, Mr. Buller, Mr. Dowdeswell: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term of the said Act, with respect to

that Branch of Road, and for granting further Toils and Powers for repairing the fame; and that the Petitioners find a Bill is depending in the House for continuing the Term of the said lirll-mentioned Act, and granting further d olls and Powers for repairing the said Branch of Road from Rotherham to Hill-, and that the amending this Difirict of Road will he of great public Utility; and will also be of great Advantage to all Persons having Lands and Estates near and adjoining the reto: And therefore praying the House, that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

Papists Wills and Deeds.

A Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolment of

A Petition of William Sotheby, Esquire, an Infant, River Lee by thellonourable CharlesYorke, Esquire, his Guardian, Navigation,

and of Elizabeth Sotheby, Widow, John Eagles, Trustee for Mary Pace, Widow, and her Children, and Frederick Tenjh, Alerchant, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioner, Sotheby, is

Lord of the Manor of Sewardjton, in the County of Essex, which contains Two thousand Acres, and upwards, and extends itfelfnear Four Miles on the Banks of the River Lee, according to the Course of the said River: and there are a great Number of Copyholders, who hold divers Estates by Copy of Court Roll of the said Alanor, under several Quit-rents and Fines, at Will, payable on Deaths and Aand that there hath been, from Time immemorial, and is at

Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of present, a Navigation on the said River Lee, so far Proteinant Purchasers, was read a Second Time. as the said Manqr extends, by Means of which Barges

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Ellis are navigated, from Forty to Fifty Tons Burthen, front Cunliffe, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Sandys, Air. the Town of Hertford to the River Thamesand that Buller, Mr. Doiodefwell, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Calvert, Mr. the said Navigation hath at all Times, and is at pre-Gilbert, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Montagu, fecarried on Air. Coventry, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Burke, Mr. Hunter, by Means of Two Weirs, called Newman's Weir, and

Park infun's


7 Geo. III.

116 Mail.

351

Parkinson's Weir,of which the Petitioner Elizabeth

So the In/ is seised during her Life, as Part of her Jointure, with a Remainder to iier Son, the said Sotheby; and, by means of the Water penned up, for the L ie of certain Mills, within the said Manor, called SeioardJlojiMills, the only Mills, as the Petitioners are

to the several Acts now in force for that Purpose, or, having been damped, have been loft or midaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admidions duly damped to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures o f Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for

informed, and believe, in England for making Smalts,' giving further Time for Payment of Duties omitted to

or Powder Blue; which Mills are Copyhold of Inheritance, and held by the Petitioner John as Trus-

tee as aforesaid, and demised by Lease for a considerable Term of Years yet to come to the Petitioner Frederick Teujh, and pay a Fine, at the Wilt of the

be paid upon Indentures or Contrarts of Clerks, Ap* prentices, or Servants; and for the damping thereof: AnrJ the same was received; and read the Fird Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

T , The House was moved, that the Fourth of the Re-

lord, upon every Death, or Alienation; and that the so]utions which upon Tuesday last, were reported from

Petitioners, therr Predecessors, or Persons under whom the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-

they elaim, or their Lessees, or Tenants, have been at a ferred to con/ider further of Ways and Means for raif-

Ways and Meant*

very gre^t Expence in ererting and keeping in Repair the said Weirs, and certain Works at Sewardston Mills, for the sole Use and Service of the said Navigation; and they, or the Persons claiming under therri, have always and do now receive Three separate and diliinrt Tolls; to wit. One at Neuman's Weir, One at Parkinson's Weir, and One for the Mill Waterof Sewardston Mill, amounting in the Whole to a very considerable Sum of Money Yearly; and that it appears to the Petitioners, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill has been presented, to enable the Trustees appointed by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, forascertaining, preferring, and improving, the present Course of Navigation of the said River, to make divers new Cuts, or Canals, in order to improve the Navigation of the said River; and the Petitioners are informed, that it is intended to make a Cut, or Canal, out of the said River, from above the Petitioners upper Weir, called Newman’s Weir,being near the said Manor Northward, into

Enfield Mill Stream, and through such Part of the said Stream as ft) all be found convenient, and through Part of the Parishes of Enfield, Edmonton, and Tottenham, in the County of Middlesex, into the Channel of the said River Lee, at Tottenham Mill, a great Way beyond the F,xtent of the said Manor Southward, whereby the said Navigation will be removed from the said Manor, and from Sewardston Millssand the Petitioners and their Tenants Properties and Estates, in the said Tolls, will be annihilated; and the making of Smalts, or Powder Blue, will be greatly a Hefted: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, upon such Parts of the said Bill as may affect their several Interests; and that such Relief may be given to the Petitioners in the Premises, as to the House lha leem meet and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving the Navigation of the RiverZ.ee, from a certain Place in the Town of Hertford, to the River Thames, is committed; and that the Petitioners be beard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Lear?

A bfence»

Offices

and

►loynjeats.

Ordered, That Sir John M have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register, ordeliver in, their Qualifications, within the

ing the Supply granted to His and was then

agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth;

" Resolved, That an Act, made in the Seventh Year " of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the " Second, intituled, An Act for the Revival of an Art,

" made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty K ing GeorgetheFirft, intituled, An Act for "the free Importation of Cochineal, during the Time "therein limited, and also, for the free Importation of " Indico, which was to continue in force from the " Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand Seven " hundred and Thirty-four, for the Term of Seven " Years, and from thence to the End of the then next " Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Arts, passed in the Fourteenth, Twentieth,

" Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of his said " late Majesty’s Reign, was further continued, from the " Expiration thereof until the Twenty-ninth Day of " September, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixtyseven, and from thence to the End of the then next " Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be " continued."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Refoiution: And that Mr. Fuller and Mr. Charles Tawnjhcnd do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charles Townshend, according to Order, reported Exportation from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it of Malt, was referred toconsider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Merchants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and all others. Merchants, in the County of Norfolk, City of Norwich, Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the said County, and in GorUjion, in the County of Suffolk, concerned in making or exporting Malt, was referred,the Refoiution which the Committee had direrted him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Bounties, granted by any Arts of Parliament now in being, upon the Exportation of Corn and Malt, be allowed for all Malt, declared or made for Exportation, and Barley steeped and eat 1 red at. t Excite( ' to be made into Malt for Exportation, on or before :ne 15th Day of November lull, width mice that lime hath been or shall be exported.

The said Refoiution, being read a Second Time, vva®, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Fourth of the Resolutions, which, upon.

Tuesday lait, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted

Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Ad- that they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant millions have been omitted to be staroped, according to the said Refoiution, now reported.

Voj.. 31. Ordered,

352

ii0 Mail. ,..^.1767.

Leave Ordered, That Mr. Pennant have Leave to go into the ®f Absence. country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Preventing A Bill for explaining an Act, made in the Twenty-E’n°-i'«-n ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, to prevent *n Extortion in Sheriffs, Under Sheriffs, and Bailiffs of Franchises, or Liberties, in Cafes of Execution, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole I louse.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I Ioufe, upon the said Bill.

Linen*; Mr. Paterson presented to the House, according to ^railing of Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional cmP’ *' Duties on certain foreign Linens, imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That, the Bill be read a Second Time.

Prohibition The House was moved, that an Act, made in the of Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Cambritkj, George the Second, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending and enforcing, an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns, might be read.

And the same w*as read accordingly.

The Hous* was also moved, that an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and enforce the said Acts: And that Lord Frederick Campbell, M r. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Eliah Harvey, Sir Alexander Gilmour, and Mr. Touchet, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being l’everally read a Second Time, wcrc,upon the Question levcrally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till ThwfdayMorning next.

Mr. Onfloio presented to the House, according to Importation

Order, a Bill for allowing the free Importation of salted tahed Meat and Butter into this Kingdom, for a Time to PfOV‘Gons* be limited: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Onslow presented to the House, according to Importation Order, a Bill for allowing the free Importion of Rice, . of Sago Powder, and Vermicelli, into this Kingdom, from Rlce’kc' His Majesty’s Colonies in North America, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dyfon presented to the House, according to Eastlnd»

Order, a Bil for further regulating the making of Divi- Company’s dends, by the United Company of Merchants of Dividends.

land trading to the East Indies: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Lord Doiune have Leave to go Leave into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Abicace, Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Walcot have Leave to go into Ditto, the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Scudamore, have Leave to go Ditto, into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The Lord Clare presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

American A Paper, intituled, " Printed Journal of the House Colonies. " of Representatives of the Massachusets Bay, between " the 29th of October and the 9th of December 1766 And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Printed Votes and Proceedings " of the General Assembly of the Province of " Jersey, between the nth and the 28th of June " 1766."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committe of the W'hole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers which have been presented to the House, in this Session of Parliament, by His Majesty’s Command, relating to the North American Colonies.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Carron Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Clyde, at or near the City of Glasgow, in the County of Lanerk, to the River Carron, at or near Carron Shore, in the County of Stirling;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House American to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Colo"ia to consider further of the several Papers, which have been presented to the House, in this Session of Parliament by His Majesty’sCommand, relating to the North American Colonies;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

tflvesof Mr. Blackstone reported from the Committee, to Debtor*, whom the Bill for the more equal Distribution of the personal Estates of Persons deceased among their Creditors; and for subjecting the real Estates of deceased Traders to all their Debts; was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made ao

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Supply Bill; a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon certain Lmea’ Linen Cloth imported, and for carrying such Duties, together with the additional Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, upon the Importation of Bast, or Straw,

Chip,

7 Geo. III.

II — 12* Matt.

H J

Chip* Carte, and riorfe-hair Hats and Bofinets, and upon certain Materials for making the same, to the sinking Fundi- Mr. Speaker left the Chaih Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committed*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plea fe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Marttf)13° die

Anno 7* Georgii III1" Regis, 1767.

H i

Tra?ERS*

AN ihgrotfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act forveding several undivided Moieties, and

Way* ud Meant.

otheJf

Parts, Shares, Hereditaments* and Premises, being Part of the Estate of John Bond, Esquire, and Mary Ins Wife, irt Triiltees, to be sold, discharged of the

Sotuft

Minn

Supply.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday _______ __________ _____

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Uses of their Marrfege’and Tnvelling thq whole House, to consider further of Way? and Means Money arising by such Sale, in the Turchafe of other for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the same Settlement,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WednesdayMom* Resolved, That the Bill, wkh the Amendment* do

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole pass

Account 5 East India Stock*

1 India Lffairs*

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to

His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Coventry have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House, an Account of all Transfers of Stock, made from the ill Day of February last, to the Ihutting of the Books in March, with the Places of Abode of the Persons to whom the said Transfers were made.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrell have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly*

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House, Copies of such Parts of-Letters from Lord Clive, and all other Papers, on which the Suits against the Company’s Servants in Bengal were commenced, as have not already been laid before this House.

Ordered, That the LprdSurghedo carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships*

Ordered, That Colonel Saint John have heave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Befi have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occa* Hons*

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Lascelles have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

of dfcbftstfj

Ditto#

Ditto;

Acuutsi & India Co pany ’* bod*.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Joseph Copley, Esquire* lately called Joseph Moyle, and his IlTue, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Copley, pursuant to the' Will of Lionel Copley, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Buller, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Hujfey, Mr. Mr.

Jtone, Sir George Younge, Mr. Morton, Sir Charles -

daunt, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Vane, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Martin, Mr. Shiffher, Mr. Wyrm, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr.

Moyle’*

Name*

Lean of Absence.

Ditto.

Ordered, That Mr. Hufke have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the East India Company’s Sale of Goods, from September 1766 to March last.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an w

Account of the Amount of the East India Company’s Paterson, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr.

Sale of Goods, from March to the 8th Indent. Mr. Pratt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House a State Grey, Mr. Ward, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cal of the Debts of the East India Company in England, and vert, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Charles and all the

the Amount of their several Credits, conlilling of Calli, Members who serve for the Counties of,

and Goods for Sale now in England, with the Value of Northumberland, Wilts, Dorset, Somerset, Devon, and the said Goods, on a Medium of the Price for which Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at the like Goods have been fold for Three Years last past, Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber* estimated to this Day.

Ordered, That Mr. Bouverie have Leave to go into Ordered, That Mr. Fonnereau have Leave to make the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Oeca-a Motion. lions.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Air. Selwyn have Leave to go into the Mr. Bagot reported from the Committee, who Were

Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occa- appointed to inquire into the Management and Appli*

lions.

Ordered, That Sir James Douglas have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clodk.

Vot.31.

cation of all such Sums of Money as have been col* lested, within Twelve Years last past, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, for repairing any particular Highway or Highways; and to report the Matters as they should appear to them, together with their Observations and Opinions thereupon* from time to time, to the House, that the Committee had agreed upon a Report which they had directed him to make to the House; and he read the Report in hie Place i and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

4.5C. Ktfoteed,

tear* of Absenefe.

Highways

Committee

of

leqaitj.

o

354

i A>>1.767.'

Resolved, That the said Report be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Report be re-committed to the same Committee.

Marckwivtl An ingrossed Bill for repairing &nd widening the Road to from Marchwivel,in the County of , through

Bangor, IVoHhenbUvy, and in the County of

Flint, to a House in the Post’ession of Mr. Thomas Jenks,

in Dodivgton, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County Of Salop, was read the Third Time. v t

Re/blve{i,7l\\aX. the Bill do pass: - And that the Title > ' fci ‘An -A£fcfor repair?ftg and'widening the Road from

- Mardhtoioei, in ,the -Chuhty of1 Denbigh, through Bank

gor, Wortheltbyry, and in the County .'of

to a House <in the Toflession of Jenks, in Dod-

fngton, in die Parish of* in the Comity o(

Shipp; and froni Bangor aforesaid, to in tha

County of Chester;and fibmlledbrook to IJampton, in the- said County of Salop. - '

Ordered, Tha,t Sir Lynch Salufbury Cotton do carry fJfeBflltotheLords, and desire their Concurrence.

Xneounging ‘ A BiHtO amr*nd and render more effectual an Act, -Am tnadein the 8th Year of the Reign of King George the Designing, Second/intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of &e. ’ the'Arts of Designing, Engraving, and Etching, His-torical- and other Prints, by veiling the Properties thereof in the inventors and Engravers, during the Time therein mentioned / and for extending the Provisions thereof to Models t)f Bafts, Statues, or Figures; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Martin, Mr. Fonnereau, Dr. Hay, Mr. Toitmjhend, Mr. Dyfon,

Mr. Lascelles, Lord Strange, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Crejivel Mr. Shi finer, Mr. Waljh, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Morton.Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Fitzroy, Mr. Hujfey, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr. Hume,

Mr. Pitt, M>. Paterson, Admirai Cotes, Mr. Burke, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. NSir Charles Mordaunt, Mi% Bejt, Mr. Buller, Mr. Fitzherbertj Mr. Champion, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bagot, Mr. PryfeCampbell: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices.

Hunting's Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee* to whom Estate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Iiilborough, in the County of the

Estate of Deborah Bunting, the Widow and Relict of Edward Bunting, Clerk, deceased, and Edivai'd Bunting, her Infant Son by the said Edward Bunting, Clerk, in Trustees, to convey the same to Ralph Cuuldwell, Esquire, and his Heirs, and for securing the Money to be paid for the fame, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill, to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. r Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed . - to the fame, without any Amendment.

Leave of " Ordered, That Sir James Long have Leave to go Absence. into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Papist, Sir Ellis Cniiliffcreported from the Committee, to

Wills and whom the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrol-Bmls. ment of Deeds and Wills made by Papilla, and for Relief of Protetlant Purchasers, was committed. That the

2t

Committee,.ftad gone through,the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuntp; . which they had di* reeled him to report to the House; and lie read the; Report in his Place; and afteiavards delivered the Bill, with j. th& Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout,; ’and* then a:. Second Time, One by One;-, and, upon tjhe Quftliqn severally putgberpupon, were, with fovpral. Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the.

Ordered', Thq^the Bill, withAhe Amendments, be

ingrossed.

T.

Air. Paterfm, accofding to Oflder, reported from the Supply Bin Committee of the whole House,-.to whom the Bill for Duticioo greeting to His Majesty additional Duties upon certain’ Liuens’w\ Liuen Cloth imported, and for carrying inch Duties, together.-.with the additional Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, upon the Importation of Bast, or-Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hait Hats, and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making, the fame,' to the Sinking Fund, was committed;’ 'The Amendments which"the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One 1

by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with tire Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Air. Montagu and Air.. Cuddan.'i, J Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act AJJenSroK for eitabl idling and well governing a general Hospitfd, to be called Addenbroke's lloj'pitain the Town of "

Cambridge, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Chattet to amend $n Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and March, to Saint

Peters, from thence to TidGote,in the and

from Wijbcchaforesaid, through to Down ham.

Bridge, irf the County of Norfolk; and for repealing the l’everal Acts for repairing the said Road, between \ Wifbechand March;and also for charging certain Lands in Waldersea, and on WijbevhSouth Side, towards the Repairs of the Waldersea and Side

Banks, which, before the passing of the said Act, were liable to such Repairs; without any Amendment:

Aiid also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act SupplyGillj for raising the Sum of One million Five hundred thou- Lorwy, sand Pounds, by way of Annuities, and a Lottery attended with Annuities, to be charged on the Sinking Fund, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act gedenptio* for redeeming the ' Remainder of the Joint Stock of ofenaia Annuities, established by an Act, made in the Third Anounts; Year of I lis present Majesty’s Reign, in respect of fe- avP veral Navy, Victualling, and Tranl’port Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Redemp-ioa for redeeming One Fourth Part of the Joint Stock of of cert-in Annuities, established by an Act, made in the Third AnmK-s Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act w,ne "!ia‘

" for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties " upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain " Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising " the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand " Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be " charged on the said Duties;" without any Amendment: And also.

The

0

7 Geo. III.

355

Ancholme The Lords have agreed to the Bill, irititnTed, kri inquire farther into ‘State and (Condition of the

drainage. £jr the more effectual draining the Lahds' lying in the India Company.

Level of Aur holme,in the County of and making

4he-River Ancholme havigiible, from the River Hurkber, at or near a Place called Fe+fa in ihe County of Lincoln, to the Town of Briggs^ and for

continuing the faicT Navigation up or near io the fa id

»:._; Yu__Aii__.Li. ’DS/C.._______ i1.

The said Copies are preferred amongd the other Papers of tliik Session. -

wiv. iww. i.a.i-auuii U 7 uic jrti Ordered, That ' the Bill for granting to His Majesty Linens;

tSesaid-Chti^ °n WrtT/ore^Ai?^D8impSrte? Hempf&c.

.; . bf/.W*,- without any Amendment: Ahdallb, ft0'‘hw t for aFund Hen*'*c'

Fan,don ' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^encouraging of the raif»g and dressing of

Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing-theOped Fields, Meadows, Hemp and Flax; be read a Second lime upon Monday Padures, and Wade Grounds, in the Parish oCFamdon, Morning next.

in the County of Nottingham, without any Amend-;

Mr. Cooper presentecl to the House, according to Order, a' Bill to enforce, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Execution of an A# of the lall SeiRon of Parliament, intitufed, An Act for repealing

mens.

’And then the Messengers withdrew.

East India Affairs.

The House being informed, that Mr. garner, from __________ ,_____

the united Company of Merchants trading to the East the several Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and at and for granting to"His Majesty other Duties upon the Bar, presented to "the House, pursuant to their Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for explaining the Orders, said Act: And the same was received; and read

N° i. Copy of the same dated to the Attorney and Fird Time.

Scotland; House and Windotr Duties,

the

Solicitor General, and the Counsel for the Company, for their Opinion, together with that Opinion, relative to the Sums of Money received, by the late President

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Highways; and Council at Bengal, from the present Nabob and the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act Amending

hisMiniders, in 1765: And also, of Parliament, the several Laws now in being for the Lawl*

N° 2. Copy of the Deed of Covenants, which has Amendment and Ptefer'vation of the public Highways

for many Years been executed by the Civil Servants of of this Kingdom, was again re-committed That the

the East India Company, and which is dill in Use: Committee had made several other Amendments to the

.And also. Bill; which they had directed him to report t the

N° 3. Copy of the Resolution of the General Court House; and he read the Report in his Place; apd after-of the East. India Company, on the 2d May 1764, for wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at preventing their Servants from exacting or receiving the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once Money from the Country Powers: And also, read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

N°4. Copy of the Deed of Covenants sent to India, One; and, upon the Quedion severally put thereupon, in pursuance of the Resolution of the General Court of were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was the East India Company, on the id May 1764, for pre- made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. 7

venting their Servants from exacting or receiving Money from the Country Powers: And also,

N° 5. Extract from the General Letter from the Court of Directors of the East India Company, to the President and Council at Bengal, dated the id June jy64,directing the Execution of the Covenants pre- Britain, presented to the House, pursuant pared in consequence of the Resolution of the General Address to His Majesty,

Court of the 2d of-l/ay 1764: And also,*

N° 6. Copy of the Proceedings of the Select Corn-

Sir George Yohge, from the Commissioners for executing the Odice of Lord High Admiral of Great

to their

Lift of Half-Pay Lieutenants.

mil fee at Bengal,in 1765, respecting the Sums received by the late President and Council at Bengal, from the Nabob and his Miniders: And also,

N° 7. Copy of the Minute of Mr. John JoknJone, entered 011 the Minutes of the Consultation of the Preii-dent and Council at Bengal, on the 17th Jm/m’ 1765, relative to the Sums received by himself and other Members of the Council at Bengal, from the Nabob and his Min liters: And also,

N° 8. Copy of the Deposition of Mootyram, before the President and Council at on the 18th June

1765, in rcTpecl to the Sums received by the late President and Council there, from the Nabob and his Ministers: And also,

N° 9. Extracts of the Proceedings of the Select Com-'

inittee at Bengal, on the yth May 1765, and of* the Conliiltation of the President and Conned there, on the pth May 1765, respecting tha Execution of the Co- upon the said Bill, venants sent to India, in pursuance of the Resolution of the General Court of the id May 17^4; And also,

N° 10. Copy of the Minutes of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, and of their Committee of La w Suits, in regard to the Suits commenced against the Company’s Servants in Bengal.

Together with a Lid of the said Papers.

Anil then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred

Mol. 31,

A Lid of the Lieutenants of His Majehy’s Navy, now upon Half Pay, together with an Account of the Allowances made to them.

And the Title of the said Lid was read.

Ordered, That the said Lid do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Lid is preferred amongd the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for carrying on an additional Building, for a more commodious Railage to the House of Commons, from Saint Margaret's Lane, and Old Palace Yard, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Improving Passages to the House*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for further regulating the making of Dividends, by the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

night,

East ludii Company Dividend!.

12° Mali.

A. 1767.

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole HbUle, upon die said Bill.

Importation A Motion being made, that the Order of the Day,

of felted for Second Reading of the Bill for allowing the free

roYi ok. importation of salted Meat, and Butter, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, be now read;

The House was moved, that an Act made in the 5th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Order of the Day was read.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Housewill, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Freventing Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Bulin, c. upon the Bill for explaining an Act:, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, to prevent Extortion in Sheriffs, Under Sheriffs, and Bailiffs, of Franchises, or liberties, in Cafes of Exer cution, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker Tefumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Fill; and had directed Rim to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Offices A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to and qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and

Employments. to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for thofePurposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, inCities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be damped, according to the several Acts now in force for that Purpose, or, having been damped, have been lod or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly damped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for giving further Time for Payment of Duties omitted to be paid upon Indentures, or Contrafts, of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for the damping thereof; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fuller, Mr. Pitt, Lord Clare, Mr. Burke, Mr. Shiffner, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Smith, Mr. Townshend, Sir Charles -

daunt Mr. Holt, Mr. Fannereau. Sir William Meredith, Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Thurlow, Sir William Baker, Lord Pigot, Mr. Morton, Mr. Cooper, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Montagu, Lord John Cavendish, Sir Richard Glyn, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Walter, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Darker-, And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices.

River Catron, at or near Carron Shore, in the County of Stirling, bo now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time, upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Daniel Lascelles, according to Order reported Rotherham from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing f® the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Doncaster, through the Parish of Pcin the County of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of Chester; and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of York, to Hartclijf Hill in the said Parish 0 so far as relates to the Road from Rotherham, to Hart-cliff Hills was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there* unto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and-afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be now read.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Rotherham, to Hartclff in the Parish of Penifton, in the County of York, and of several Gentlemen, Proprietors, of Lands and Estates, and others, residing near the said Road, in Behalf of themselves and others, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and produced Evidence, and examined several Witnesses, in support of the Allegations of the said Petition, and went through the Evidence for the Petitioners.

Then the Counsel for the Bill was heard.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners being heard by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent erecting any Turnpike between Worthy and Tankerjley.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made rart of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Bankrapa,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Security of the Estates and Effects of Merchants, Bankers, Traders, Scriveners, Factors, or Brokers, who may hereafter become Bankrupts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Carroa

and

Clyd«

Navigation

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Clyde, at pr near the City of Glasgow, in the County of Lanerk, to the

7 Gjeo. III.

Mercuriiy 130 die;

Anno 7* Georgii III*1 Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

Scamblefoy A/fR. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to

laclosure. J.VX whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Scamblejby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Three Persons, whose Estates in the said Parish are of the Annual Value of £. 18. 10 who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Estates in the said Parish are of the Annual Value of /. 387. 2.s'.); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feveraJly put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

GocbeQ’s Mr. Prescott reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Gerrard was committed. That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Prescott do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Pier* Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom w‘ the Bill for erecting a proper and convenient Pier, at the Port of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall, for the better Protection of Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Port, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wereOnce read throughout; and then a Seoond Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

River I.ee A Petition of the Trustees, appointed to put in Exe-Navigation. cation the several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highway, or Road, from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of sex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That

Vol. 31.

Mali. 357

it appears, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for improving the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford, to the River and that the

Petitioners have borrowed f. 5000, and upwards, on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Turnpike, whereby the Debts now due on the Security of the said Tolls, and borrowed on the Credit thereof, amount to the principal Sum off. 8,500, thelncome whereof amounts, communibus Annis,to £. 2,200 per Annum, or there-

abouts; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners are apprehensive that the greatest Part of the Goods now carried by Land will go by Water Carriage, which will greatly lessen the Income of the said Tolls, and weaken the Security of the Creditors: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners, on Behalf of themselves, and the Creditors of the said Turnpike, may be heard, by their Counsel, or otherwise, against the said Bill, as the House shall direct.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Commissioners appointed to put London in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parlia- Paving, Sec. j ment, intituled, An Act for paving the Street, and appiy"*g !/>e other Places, in that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph, c Aldgate, which lies in the County of Middlesex, and Part of the Street called East Smith field in the Precinct of Saint Catherine, and for cleaning, lighting, and

watching the fame, and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, and of several others. Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for completing the Bridge erofs the River Thames, from Black Friars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side, in the County of Surrey, and the Avenues thereto on the London Side; for redeeming the Tolls on the said Bridge, and on London Bridge; lor rebuilding the Gaol of

in the said City; and repairing the Royal Exchange, within the same; for embanking Part of the North Side of the said River, within certain Limits; and for further continuing, towards those Purposes, the Irapo-fition of Sixpence per Chaldron, or Ton of Coals and Culm, imported into the Port of the said City, established by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary; and also for carrying on the new Pavements in the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parishes adjacent; and in the Town and Borough of Southwark, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and representing to the House, that the Pavements directed to be repaired, by the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, are contiguous and adjoining to those of the City of London', and that many of the Inhabitants of the said Parish are in indigent Circumstances; and, although the said Act will be of public Utility, yet the Payment of the Tax thereby granted will, in many Instances, be very burthensome; and that the new Pavement will be a great Advantage to the City oflwndon; and that, as the Petitioners pay their Share of the Duty, appropriated by the Bill, for the Improvement and Advantage of the Cities of London and and

Borough of Southwark, and are in every respect in the same Situation as the Inhabitants of thp City of Westminster and Borough of Southwark,they hope they shall be entitled to a proportional Advantage, arising from a Fund, to which they contribute in an equal Degree with the rest: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that Provision may be made in the said Bill, for appropriating fucha Sum, out of the Money to arise from the Continuation of the said Tax, for the carrying on, and, from time to time, amending the Pavements directed to be repaired by the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, that the Petttion of the Mayor

4 Y and

558

River Lee and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Navigation, -which was presented to the Iloui'e upon the 4th Day of March lad, and then ordered to he upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Lee, from a certain Place in the Town of Hertford,to the River Thames, is committed.

London A Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants, of Paving, &c. t]le Company of Watermen, and Lightermen, on Be-Coal^Dutiest themselves, and the whole Fraternity, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners find, by a Bill formed for that Purpose, that the City of London have delired to embank the River of Thames, from the West Corner of Lowell’s Wharf, near Puddle Dock, in the City of London, to the Lull Corner of Robert’s Wharf, near Milford; and that the Petitioners apprehend such Embankment w ill be highly injurious to the Trade and Navigation of the said River, and will greatly obstruct and impede the Passage between London and Westminster, and prove detrimental to the Public in general, and destructive to this Community in particular: And therefore hope the House will take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration: and that they may be heard, by their Counfel,against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Motion was made, and the Quell ion being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for completing the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Friars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side in the County of Surrey, and the Avenues thereto on the Iwndon Side: for redeeming the Tolls on the said Bridge, and on London Bridge; for rebuilding the Goal of Newgate, in the said City; for repairing the Royal Exchange, within the same; for embanking Part of the North Side of the said River within certain Limits; and for further continuing, towards those Purposes, the Imposition of SixPence per Chaldron, or Ton, of Coals and Culm, imported into the Port of the said City, established by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and also for carrying on the new Pavements, in the City and Liberties of Wiejtminster, and Parishes adjacent, and in the Town and Borough of Sout/nvark; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

' The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the } 3-

TellersforthoNoeSj^;^?'^'c.^r(Ji53.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

c i n. An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty addi-Dmifs on tional Duties upon certain Linen Cloth imported; and Linens, &<;. for carrying such Duties, together with the additional Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, upon the Importation of Bast, or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, and certain Materials for making the same, to the Sinking Fund, W'as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon certain Linen Cloth imported; and for carrying such Duties, together writh the additional Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, upon the Importation of Bast, or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats, and Bonnets, and certain Materials for making the same, to the Sinking Fund.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

»7

1767.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining an Act, made in the P.-eveming Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Queen to prevent Extortion in Sheriffs, Under Sheriffs, and 4*llUi,*c Bailiffs of Franchises, or Liberties, in Cafes of Execution, w as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining an Act,made in fhcTwenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, to prevent Extortion in Sheriffs, Under Sheriffs, and Bail ill’s of Franchises, or Liberties, in Cafes of Execution.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Enft Ind* regulate the Qualifications of the Proprietors of oS,0£t:-India Stock: And that Mr. Onslow, Mr. of Tropritton!

Sir JEilliam Baker, Mr. Fuller, Sir George Mr. Ci/Jl, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Walsh, and Mr. Onglcy, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House East India to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ComP*ny-to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for calling over the the Names of such Members, as upon this Day Fortnight Abiema-j. made Default to appeal-;

Ordered, That the Names of such Defaulters be called over upon this Day Six Weeks.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further 00Mes> of the several Papers, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, by His Majesty’s Command, relating to the North Americ Colonies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

And the House having continued to fit till near One of the Clock on Thursday Morning;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the 0 rovl 0M whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Provisions.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning Hiih Price

next,resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House Corn, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- 'VwS ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I Ioufe, an to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. To morrow Morning Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Improving ing resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the Bill for applying the Money granted in this jjoule' Session of Parliament, for carrying on an additional Building for a more commodious Passage to the House of Commons, from Saint Margaret's Lane, and Old Palace Yard.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

13° M

7 Geo.

14° Mali.

359

7‘

W/J,

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Lascelles carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

14* die Matt;

Anno 70 Georgii III1" Regis, 17OV,

' An mgro/led Bill to explain, amend, and reduce Turnpike

P ravers. into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws for the

Lenvcof f\RDEBED, That Mr. Thomas Goi'chave Leave to Amendment and Preservation of the Turnpike Koads

Absence. — r- - ' " - of this Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

Cdt por^r ions. Sec.

Wihccctc

Mines.

Let ten's Elbte.

go to Rtf///, for the Recovery of Jiis Health.

Ordered, Tint Leave he given to bring in a Bill for the further quieting and establishing Corporations; and for rendering more speedy and effectual Proceedings in Writs of Quo 'Warranto and Informations, in nature of a Quo Warranto, and Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus: And that Mr. Morton, Mr. Fuller, Sir Fletcher Norton, Mr. Blackjtonc, and Lord George ‘ Sackville,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William lleauchump Proctor presented to the lionfe,according to Order, a Bill for making Soughs, or Drains, and proper Koads, or Way-Leaves, and fuchother Works, as that 1 be necessary for working certain Coal Mines, in the Manor of IViluecote, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Byde reported from the Committee, to whom the

ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting an undivided Third Part of certain Manors, Mell'ua-

ges, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate and being in (lie City of London, and in the Counties of Jord and Bucks, heretofore the Estate of Sufannah Letten, Widow, deeealed, in certain Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trufi, to be sold, and for payingand applying the Money, to arile by the Sale thereof, in the Manner therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had ex-

ilic Amendments following were several proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 28,1. 25. To leave out " at Pr. 37, 1. 37. To leave out "at Westminster."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Koads of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Armine Wodehouse reported from the Committee, S hem born to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Inctofure. the Whole Year Lands and Pasture Grounds, Half-year Inclosures, Common Fields, and Common or Heath Ground, in the Parish of Shernborn, in the County of Norfolk; was committed; That the Committee had bx-amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found thefaine to be true; and that the Parties concerned had giveii their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except George Boggas, who is possessed of Two Roods of Land, and----- Goulty, a Minor, who is

possessed of Five Acres and One Rood of Land; and that the Whole of the Lands to be inclosed consists of amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to 1,390 Acres, or thereabouts, exclusive of 210 Acres of

F. flares of Debtors.

Rotherham

10

Iiarfcliffe

Koad.

be true; and that the Parties concerned hail given their Consent to the Bill,to the Satis/action of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Byd do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more equal Distribution of the personal Estates of Per-lonsdeceased, among their Creditors; and for subjecting the real Efiatcs of deceased Traders to all their Debts; was committed; be now read.

Anri the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

An ingossed Bill for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Dothrough the Parish of Peniston,in the County of Yto Salter's Brook, in

the County of Chester; and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of York, to the said Parish of Peniston ;so far as relates to the Road from Rotherham, to IIarte life Hill; wasread the ThirdTime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his . late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Doncaster, through the Parish of Peniston, in the County of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of Chester;and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said

Common); and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into Highways; One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being Amending for the Amendment and Preservation of the public ^,aw5‘ Highways of this Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 16, 1. 12. To leave out "Inhabitants, Owners,

" and."

Pr. 26,1.11,12. To leave out " Inhabitants of" and insert " Occupiers of I^inds, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

" within" instead thereof.

Pr. 49,1. 29. To leave out " and Owners."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Iloul’e; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rejblvcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition o i Jane llogarlh, Widow, waspresented Encouraging

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti- the Arts

Rotherham and Hartcliffe Hill. Vor. 31

the Arts of Deligning, Engraving, and Etching; that

the

360 14°

the Petitioner’s late Husband was the Inventor, Engraver, and Publiflier, of various Designs, Moral, Humorous, and Historical, the sole Property whereof was veiled in him, by the said Act, for the Term of Fourteen Years; and that the Petitioner’s chief Support arises from the Sale of her late Husband’s Works; and that, since his Decease, many Persons have copied, printed, and published, several of those Works, and Hill continue to do so; and that the Sale of these spurious Copies, both at Home and for Exportation, has already been a great Prejudice to the Petitioner; and, unless timely prevented, will deprive heros lier chief Support and Dependance: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for vetting the Property of her said Husband’s Works in her, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of DeGgning, Engraving, and Etching, Historical and other Prints, by vetting the Properties thereof in the . Inventors and Engravers, during the Time therein mentioned; and for extending the Provisions thereof, to Models of Butts, Statues, or Figures; is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

East India A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

Affairs. That the Etijl India Company do lay before this House, the Confultations of the Council and of the Select Committee of Bengal, from the Time that Lord arrived there, to the last Dispatches from thence;

The House divided;

The Yeas went forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, j; } 44-

Tellers for tie Noes, j } 30,

So it was, resolved in the Affirmative.

lem Ordered, That the Lord Strange have Leave to go of Absence. into the Country, for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occattons.

Ditto. Ordered, That Sir George Warren have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occattons.

Canon A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are and thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Navigation. rea<*» Setting forth. That the Petitioners, being well allured it will be more for the Benettt of the Public, to have a largeCanal of Communication between the Forth and Clyde, than the Canal which is proposed to be made by a Bill now depending, have, together with several other Persons, entered into a Subscription for railing among themselves a Sum 100,000 and upwards to make such larger Canal, and have undertaken to apply to Parliament next Session for that Purpose; and that the Canal shall be at leall as deep and as wide as that proposed by Mr. Smeaton, hi his Report to the Trustees for Manufactures and Fisheries, and at the like Lock Dues, or Rates of Tonnage, as are contained in the Bill now depending, with Liberty to Vessels of 15 Tons Burthen to pass at all Times, and with all proper Clauses in Favour of the Public, the Trade and Commerce of the Country, and of the Land Owners, and particularly for making a Side Cut, or Canal, from the said larger Canal, directly to the City of Glasgoio, and for making such another Cut or Canal, from the said larger Canal, to Burrowfou: And therefore praying the House, that the said Bill, which is now depending, may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Clyde, at or near »o

daii. A. 1767.

the City of Glasgoic, in the County of to the

River Carron, at or near Carron Shore, hi the County of Stirling, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time, upon this Day three Months.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to America His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Colonies^ Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all References, Orders, Proceedings, and Reports, made by the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, the Secretaries of State, or His Majesty’s Privy Council, relative to the Act passed by the Assembly of the Maf fachujjets Bay, for granting Compensation to the Sufferers, and of free and general Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, to the Offenders in the late Times, from the 29th Day of December last.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Mott honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of the several Lightermen, Wharfingers, London Owners of Craft, and other Dealers in Coals, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed,on Behalf of themselves, coj/dwIh. and divers other Persons, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have observed, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, relating to the Embanking the North Side of the River Thames, from the West Side of Mr. Pou-ell's Wharf, in Thames Street, London, to the Eait Side of Mr. Robert's Whaif near the Temple;and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the same will be attended with very considerable Losses and Inconveniences to the Petitioners in particular, as well to the Owners of Craft in general, navigating on the said River: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may be heard, by their Counfel, in relation to the fame; and that no Bill may pass into a Law for such Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for allowing the free Importation of Rice, Importation Sago Powder, and Vermicelli, into this Kingdom, from kc. His Majesty’s Colonies in North America, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to enforce, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Execution of an Act of the last Session of window Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Dmkt. Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon Houses,

Windows, and Lights; and for explaining the said Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,'That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- High Price ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole protifioM. House, to conttder further of the present high Price of Provisions.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole previlieM> House, upon the Bill for allowing the free Importation of salted Meat, and Butter, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Security of the

Estatet

7 Geo. III. 148 — 15* Mali. 361

Estates and Effects of Merchants, Bankers, Traders, Scriveners, Factors, or Brokers, who may hereafter become Bankrupts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.


Veneris, 150 die Mail;

Anno 7* Georgii III. U Regis, 1767. Prayers.

Scsmblefby \ N ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Indofore. XL and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of

Scamblrjby, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third

Time.

Rtfulved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of blejhy,in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

p0*0’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act inuus. for veftjjg the Undivided Parts of several Manors, Messuages, Closes, Lands, Tenements, Tolls, and other Hereditaments, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, devised by the Will of John Cogan, Surgeon, deceased, jn Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Ules contained in the find Will, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Grey, Mr. Darker, Mr. Grey, Mr. Mr. Howard,

Mr. tidier, Mr. Gray, S\rCharles

General Grreme, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Grant, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Jackson, Sir John Mr. San-

dys, Mr. Jennings, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Luther, Mr. Garth, Mr. Sir Merrick Burrell,

Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Smith, Mr. Morton, Mr. Martin, M r.Amcotts, Mn and all the Mem-

bers who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Northampton, Staffioj'd, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Beckc’s Mr. Amcotts reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, int ituled. An Act for exonerating Part of the Estate late of Thomas Becke, Gentleman, deceased,charged with an Annuity, or clear Yearly Rent, of One Hundred Pounds, of and from the Payment of the said Rent; and for l'ubftituting and making liable to the Payment thereof, other Part of the Estate of the said Thomas Becke, of equal Value, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

St. Ives An ingrossed Bill for erecting a proper and convenient

iVr/ I'ier, at the Port of Saint Ives, in the County

veil, for the better Protection of Ships and Vessels, re* f , tin? to the said Port, was read the Third Time.

."tfdved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title V-. A'; Act for erecting a proper and convenient Pier

I r.

at the Port of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall, for the better Protection of Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Port.

Ordered, That Mr. Praed do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Brewers of the City of London, River Lee and of several Maltsters, Malt Factors, Farmers, and Navigation* others, using the Navigation of the River Lee, waspre-fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have seen a Bill, depending in the House, for improving the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford to the River Thames', and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the said Bill should pals into a Law, as it now Hands, it would be very injurious to the Petitioners; and therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and receive such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

APetition of Thomas Walton and Walton, of Diuoj

London, Merchants, Gun-Powder Makers and Partners, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners are possessed of divers ancient Mills,

Mill Streams, Lands, Waters, and Fishings, of great Value, situate on or near the River Lee, in the Parish of Waltham Holy Cross, in the County of Essex', and that the said Mills are supplied with Water from the said River; and that the Petitioners said Mills now are, and for a great Number of Years past have been, used and employed, by them and their Anceliors, for the making of Gun-Powder; for which Purpose, and in the erecting of other Buildings and Works necessary thereto, the Petitioners have laid out very large Sums of Money upon the said Mills and Premises; and that the same are of very great Service and Utility to the Public; and it would be a public Injury if they were obstructed or hindered in working; and that the Petitioners are also possessed of the Toft, Soil, and Ground, whereon an ancient Mill lately flood, and of the Mill Stream thereto belonging, situate above Neioman's Weir, held by Copy of Court Roll, of His Majesty’s Manor of Enfield, which Premises the Petitioners lately purchased, for the Purpose of building One or more new Mill, or Mills, in the room of the said ancient Mill; and that a Bill is brought into the House for improving the Navigation of the said River Lee, from the Town of Hertford to the River Thames, wherein is contained divers Clauses, which will be very injurious and destructive to the Petitioners, in respect to their said Mills and Property: And therefore

praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that such Relief may be granted in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Lee, from a certain Place in the Town of Hertford, to the River Thames, is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do make the Report from Broyle the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in-doling a Parcel of Ground, called Broyle Park, within *nc*ur?< the Manor of Ringmer, in the County of Suffiex, was committed.

Mr. Fuller accordingly reported from the said Committee, That they had heard Counsel in support of the Allegations of the Petition of several Owners, Proprietors

4 Z and

3 62 i5° Ma A. 1767.

and Occupiers of Farms and Lands lying within the refjwjclive Parishes of Ringmcr

bourne, and Southmailing, in the County of Sussex; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except several Persons, who have Estates within the said Manor of , to the Amount of

£.350. 105. per Annum, or thereabouts, who claim to have Right of Common in the said Park; who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Value of Estates within the said Manor, in respect of which Right of Common is claimed, in the said Park, amount to the Sum £.3421, or thereabouts, exclusive of the Right of the Duke of in the said Park,

which appeared to the Committee to be equal to One full Moiety of the Rights of the said Park); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aftenvards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, W'ith the Amendments, be ! ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

Bond’s The I.ords have agreed to the Amendment made by fcflates. this House to the Bill, intitided, An Act for vesting several Undivided Moieties, and other Parts, Shares, Hereditaments, and Premiles, being Part of the Estate of John Bond, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, discharged of the Lies of their Marriage Settlement, and investing the Money arising by fuchSale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the same Settlement: And also,

Hull The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Navigation. for improving the Navigat ion of the River Hull and

dingham Beck, from Ake Beck Mouth, to the Clough, on the East Corner of Fishholme, and for extending the said Navigation from the said into or near the Town of Great. Driffield, in the Eait Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

Adllnfcfltet The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing certain Lands, Grounds, and Commons, in the several Townships o

kerby, and Haldenbij, in the West Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Corporations, Mr. Morton presented to the House, according to ic‘ Order, a Bill for the further quieting and establishing Corporations; and for rendering more l’peedy and et-feftual Proceedings in Writs of Quo Warranto, and Informations in Nature of a Quo Warranto, and Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

RrJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Accounts; The House being informed, that Mr. ’from the Wheat, Commissioners of the Customs, in attended at

Coffee, fte. the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quant ity of Wheat and Wheat-flour, Outs and Oat-meal, Barley and Barley-meal, Rye, R vc-ineal, and Pulse, imported into Scotland, from 16th December a 70b to 2d 1767; distinguidling the Quantity imported in each Week; being as far as the same can be made tip: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Tea and Coffee seized by the Admiralty Cutters in Scotland, and which has been condemned within Three Years last part, viz. from the 25th March 1764 to the 25th March 1767; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Tea and Coffee seized by the Custom House Cutters, and Cullom House Officers, in Scotland, and which has been condemned within

Three Years last pall, viz. from the'25th of March 1764 to the 25th March 1767; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Selfton.

The House being informed, that Mr. James, from the Account; United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Transfers of India Stock, made from the Eirst Day,of February last, to the (hutting of the Books in March, with the Places of Abode of the Persons to whom the said Transfers were made.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Improving to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for applying the Money granted in this H,oule. Session of Parliament, for carrying on an additional Building for a more commodious Passage to the House of Commons, from Saint Margaret's Lane and Old Palace Yard, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Blackstone reported from the Committee, to whom Jbfatn the Bill for the more equal Distribution of the personal of Estates of Persons deceased, among their Creditors; and bt0R‘ for subjecting the real Estates of deceased Traders to all their Debts; was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for R«1 the more effectual Relief of Creditors out of the real Estates of their deceasedDebtors: And that Mr e lon‘

Jtone, Mr. Paterjbn, and Mr. Wilbraham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon East Ma Thursday the 7th Day of this 111stant May, " That the CotI'ian1' " Fuji India Company do lay before this House an " Estimate of a State of their Cash and Effects, made " up to Christmas next," might be ^ea4;

And

7 Geo. III.

15* Mail.

363

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Answer to Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, That their Ad-A<ktreis for dress of Yeiterday, That His Majesty would begraciously *"* pJc-afed to give Directions that the Copies therein mentioned might b.; lAkt before this House, had been'pre-fenled to His Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

London The House, according to Order, resolved itself into applyin*C' a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for com-theCoat pleting the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Duties. Fryars, in the City of London, to theoppoiite Side, in the County of Surrey, and the Avenues thereto on the XowcfowSide; for redeeming the Tolls on the said Bridge, and on London Bridge-, for re-building the Gaol of Neio-gate, in the said City; for repairing the Royal Exchange, within the same; for embanking Part of the North Side of the said River, within certain Limits; and for further continuing, towards those Purposes, the Imposition of Six Pence per Chaldron, or Ton, of Coals and Culm, imported into the Port of the said City, established by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary; and also for carrying on the new Pavements, in the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parishes adjacent, and in the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Ladbroke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pJeafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Navy A Petition of the Lieutenants of His Majesty’s Navy,

Lieutenants, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read j Setting forth, That the Petitioners flatter themselves, that, during the Course of the late successful War, they served His Majesty and their Country with the greatest Zeal and Fidelity; and declare themselves ready and ambitious to renew their Services, whensoever the Royal Command, and their Country’s Service, shall again call them into Action; and representing to the House, that their prefrnt Pay is insufficient to l'upport them in any Character as Oflicrrs in His Majesty’s Service; and that great Numbers of the Petitioners, being now reduced to Half Pay, the Amount thereof is so far from being adequate to their Sit nation as Officers, that it will not supply them even singly with the common Necessaries of Life; and many of them, being charged with Families, are particularly labouring under the most mortifying Distrefies: And therefore bcfeeching the House to take the same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as they 1i1a.ll think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to v horn it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

shutting of the Books in Marrh, with the Places of Abode of the Persons to whom the said Transfers were made, which was this Day presented to the House, be printed.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Scotland, to rel’olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, an<* upon the Bill to enforce, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Execution of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties upon Houses, Windows and Lights; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for explaining the said Act; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pater/on took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pater/on reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Walter have Leave to go into the Leave

Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. of Abfe°ce.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Winnington have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ditto.

Account; Ordered, That the Account of all Transfers of

East India Stock, made from the 1 ft Day of February last, to the Mock- Yol. ji.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House importation to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Rice, upon the Bill for allowing the free Importation of Rice, *c* Sago Powder, and Vermicelli, into this Kingdom, from FIis Majesty’s Colonies in North America, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pater/on took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pater/on reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Pater/on accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwardsdelivered the Bill, with the Amend-ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wereOnee read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Burt have Leave to go into Leave the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occa- of Absence. lions.

‘ Mr. Fuller, according to Order, reported from the American Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Colonies, ferred to consider further of the several Papers, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, by His Majesty’s Command, relating to the

North

1

3*4

i5° M

1767.

American North American. Colonies, the Resolutions -which the

Colonies. Committee had directed him to report to the House;

which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the House of Representatives of His Majesty’s Province of New York have, in direct Disobedience of the Authority of the Legidature of Great , refused to

make Provision for supplying with Necessaries His

" and Refdlntions passed in several of the Assemblies of " the said Provinces, highly injurious to the Honour of " His Majesty’s Government, and tending to destroy the " Legal and Constitntional Dependency of the said " Colonies On the Imperial Crown and Parliament of " Great Britain."

" Resolved, That such Persons who, on account of

" the Desire which they have manifested to comply with " or to assist in carrying into Execution, any Acts of the " Legidature of Great Britain, relating to the British

Majesty’s Troops in such Manner as is required by an " Colonies in North America, have suffered any Injury m . 1 T,'r'1 " " or Damage, ought to have full and ample Compen-

" fation made to them for the fame, by the respective " Colonies in which such Injuries or Damages were " sustained."

" , That the House be moved to resolve and

" declare, that all His Majesty’s Subjects, redding in the " said Colonies, who have manifested their Desire tocomply with, or to assist in carrying into Execution, any " Acts of the Legidature of Great Britain, relating to " the British Colonies in North America, have acted as " dutiful and loyal Subjects-, and are therefore entitled " to, and will alfuredly have, the Protection of the House " of Commons of Great Britain."

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Dependency of His Ma-

Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Defer-tion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That an Act of Assembly hath been passed in the said Province, for furnishing the Barracks in the Cities of New York and Albany with Firewood and Candles, and the other Necessaries therein mentioned, for l lis Majesty’s Forces, inconfillent with the Proviiious, and in Oppo-fition to the Directions, of the said Act of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, until Provision shall have been made, by the said jetty’s Dominions in America, upon the Crown and Par-

A ml* III I'A l/Vfc fit 1 ia fT wn/M\c lir if K 01 I 4* 1 \ A 1 k /vf fa rv / Dm 1 w/sn /]

Assembly, for furnishing the King’s Troops with all the Necessaries required by the said Act of Parliament, the Governor, Council, and Assembly, be respectively rest rained and prohibited from passing or assenting to any Act of Assembly, for any other Purpose whatsoever.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

The House was moved. That an Act made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act toamcnd, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

The House was moved. That the Five First of the Resolutions, which, upon the 24th Day of February, in the last Session of Parliament w ere reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House by Mr. Secretary Coirway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st, Days of

liament of Great Britain, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly;

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by inserting, after the Word " appears " these Words, " to this House, that the Assemblies in some of the North American Colonies Hill " persist in the open Denial of the Legislative Authority of the Crown and Parliament of Great Britain, to " impose Duties and Taxes on the Subjects in the said " Colonies, notwithstanding the Declarations of both " Houses of Parliament, and the Act passed in the last " Session for the better securing the Dependency of His Majesty’s Dominions in America upon the Crown " and Parliament of Great Britain, and that it appears."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

51*

150.

Tellers for the Yeas, j: J

Tellers fortheXoes. |

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Quell ion put and the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 21ft, Days of February, thereupon, agreed to by the House. and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 3d, The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being 10th, 19th, and 21ft, Days oi February, in the last Sef- severally read a Second Time,were, upon the Question lion of Parliament, by Flis Majesty’s Command, might severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. be read. Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the last of

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Fuller, Mr. C’han-accordingly; and are as followeth; viz. cellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Thomas J unior,

" Resolved, That the King’s Majesty, by and with the Mr. Onslow, Mr, Pryfe Campbell, the Lord the

" Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Terh-"* poral, ami Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament " affi inbled, had, hath, and of Right ought to have " full Power and Authority to make Law s and Statutes, " of suficient Force and Validity to bind the Colonies " and People of A menca, Sub j vets of the Crown of " Britain, in all Cases whatsoever."

" Resolved, That Tumults and lnfurrections, of the

" moll dangerous Nature, have been raised and carried on in several of the North American Colonies, in open

Lord North, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Colonel Barre, Mr. Dyfon, and Mr. Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That, for the better securing the Dependency of His Majesty’s Dominions in upon the Crown and

Parliament of Great Britain, all Persons within His Majesty’s said Dominions, who shall be elected or appointed Governor, Member of the Council, General " Defiance of the Powers and Dignity of His Majesty’s Assembly, House of Representatives, or General Court, " Government, and in numifell Violation of the Laws of any Province within the lame; and also all other Perand Legislative Authority of this Kingdom." fons within the same, who, by any Charter, Act of Par-

" Resolved, That the said Tumults and Insurrections liament, or Provincial Law, are required to take the have been greatly pountenaucedandinflaraed by Votes Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration, be required to 14 subscribe

Americta

Colonies#

American

Colonies.

Ditto.

Ways and Means.

Soppfy.

River Lee Navigation.

7 Geo. III. 15°; — 180 Maiu 3

subscribe a Declaration, *c That the Colonies and " Plantations in America are, and of Right ought to be, subordinate unto, and dependent upon, the Imperial Crown and Parliament of Great Britain; and " that the King’s Majesty, by and with the Advice and " Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and " Commons o(Great Britain, in Parliament assembled,

" had, hath, and of Right ought to have, full Power " and Authority to make Laws and Statutes, of suffi* " cient Force and Validity to bind the Colonies, and " People of America, Subjects of the Crown of Great *' Britain, in all Cases whatsoever; "

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,j

TelIersfortheNoeS, J i ]>4'.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That an humble

Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be gracioufty pleased to confer some Marks of His Royal Favour on those Governors and Officers in the several Colonies, who distinguished themselves by their Zeal and Fidelity in fnpporting the Dignity of the Crown, the just Rights of Parliament, and the supreme Authority of Great Britain over the Colonies, during the late Disturbances in America.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Inhabitants of Barbadoes, in Consideration of their Loyalty during the late Disturbances in many of the Colonies in America, and of the extraordinary Calamities which they have lately differed, are deserving of particular Marks of Protection and Favour;

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now rehd.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That thisHouse will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after Twelve of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunger 18* die Mail;

Anno f Georgii Iiru Regis, 1767. Prayers.

A Petition of George Byrd, and James Johnson, Esquires, on Belial f of themselves and the rest of the Proprietors of the Westham Water-Works, in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, if the Bill now depending in the House, lor improving the Navigation of the River Lee, from a certain Place in the Town of Hertford to the River Thames, should pals Vol. 31.

into a Law, as it now stands, great Damage will accrue to their Works, to the Loss and Injury of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premiles, as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

A Petition of James Townsend, Esquire, Lord of the Manors of Tottenham, Pembr Braces, and Mockings, in the County of and of the

several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, and other Estates within the said Manors, and Inhabitants of the Parish of Tottenham, was also prefertted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there hath been an ancient Navigation for Boats, and other Vessels, along the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford, into the River Thames, in the same Channel where the said River now runs, which extends for a great Length along the said Manors and Parish of Tottenham; and that an Act was passed, in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for improving the said Navigation, whereby it is, amongst other Things, enacted, that the said Navigation should for ever be fixed, and continue in the same Channel, or Course, wherein the said River then run, and was used for Navigation; and that very little, if any thing, hath been done for the Improvement of the said Navigation, in pursuance and Execution of the Powers contained in the said Act; and that the Petitioner James Townsend, is possessed of an ancient Mill, and Mill Stream, in the said Parish of which, from Time to Time immemorial, hath been supplied, and hath a Right to be supplied, with Water from the said River Lee; and that the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Bill is brought in for the improving the Navigation of the said River Lee; and that the Petitioners are informed, that it is intended to desert the ancient Course of the said River, and to make sundry new Cuts to the Westward thereof; and that by the Alterations and Improvements proposed by the said Bill, the Petitioners will be greatly injured in their Estates and Properties, and subjected to many Inconveniences: And therefore praying. That they may be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill which may affect them; and that the Petitioners may be relieved in the Premises, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of James Barwick, on Behalf of liirnfelf, and Mary Farran, Widow, both of Waltham Abbey, in the County of Essex, Callico Printers and Partners, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner, and the said Mary Farran, now do, and for several Years past have carried on the Business of Callico Printers, in Grounds adjoining to the River Lee }and that the Petitioner observes by the

Votes, that a Bill has been brought into the House, for improving the Navigation of the said River Lee, from a certain Place in the Town of Hertford, to the River Thames, and for making divers new Cuts, or Canals, for that Purpose; and that the Petitioner is informed, it is intended to make a Cut, or Canal, out of the said River, from above King's Wear, to or near the West Tail Stream of the Powder Mills, near Waltham Abbey aforesaid, whereby, as the Petitioner apprehends, the Property of the said Mary Farran, and himself, will be greatly affected: And therefore praying, on Behalf of himself, and the said Mary Farran, that they may be heard by their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect their Interest; and that such Relief may be giver to them in the Premises, as to the House shall seem inset and just.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of Old Ford, and Bromley, in the County of Middlesex, and of Bow and Stratford, in the County of Efex, and other Places 5 A thereunte

River Lee Navigation.

Ditto*

Ditto;

1

366

18° Mail

A. 1767.

thereunto respectively near adjoining, and interested Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County

and concerned in the Navigation of the River Was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there hath been, and now is, an ancient Navigation for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, along the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford, into the River Thames, the Channel of which Navigat ion runs through or near Old Ford, BrBore, and Stratford,

and Persons going from any of those Places to the River

of Norfolk, deviled by the Wills of John Woodcock, and Mary Platfoot,deceased, in Matthew Pepper Manly,

and his Heirs, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the same County, in lieu thereof, to the Uses therein mentioned, was committed.

Sir Armine Wodehouse accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true

Thames, now have, and always have had, the Right to and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent pass along the fame, without paying any Tax or Toll to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and tthatsoever; and that many of the Petitioners are pof- that the Committee had directed the Bill to be reported

felled of Mills, and carry on Trades, which occasion them very frequently to navigate and pass along the said River Lee; and that the Petitioners are informed a Bill is brought into the House for improving the Navigation of the said River Lee, in which it is intend-

to the House, without any Amendment: And lie delivered die Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Armine 1 Code house do carry the ed to lay some Tax, or Toll, on all Persons parting along Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House

the said River, between the Places aforesaid; and many Clauses in the said Bill are very injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against fitch Parts of the said Bill as may affect them; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Lee, from a certain Place in the Town of Hertford, to the River Thames, is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

' j Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Eftaie.

Wilnecote

Mines.

hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

I>ord Broun low Bertie reported from the Committee, Earl of to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Scarbrough*! An Act for discharging divers Manors, Rectory, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of the Right honourable Richard Laid of Scarbrough, by him settled on his Marriage with the Right honourable Barbara Countess of Scarbrough, from the Uses and Trulls of the said Settlement, and for settling other Manors, Lands, and Tenements, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, w as committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the

Shernborn

luclosure.

A Bill for making Soughs, or Drains, and proper Roads, or Way Leaves, and such other Works as shall x1*j*

> A n , Bdl to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House

be necessary for working certain Coal Mines, in the , 1 ,

°.i r- cur / hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Manor of If ilnecote, in the County of Warxoich:,was ° J

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom Sunbuty

Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Ky naff on, Mr. Thnrlow, Mr. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for hdofun, Toxonfhcnd, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Thy line, Mr. Sale of divers Freehold and Copyhold Lands and Tenc-

Coventry, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Lynch, Sir John Hyndc ments, in the Parish of Sunbury, in the County of Cotton, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Rigby, Sir Charles Mordaunt, dlesex, and of certain Copyhold Lands, irt the Parish of Mr Garth, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Calvert, Sir John Sc- Hampton, in the said County, Part of the Eft ate of John

brighc, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Cadogan, S\rRobertLadbroke, Ojborne, deceased, unto the Right honourable George

Earl pursuant to an Agreement, andtoap-

ply the Purchase Money in discharging the Debts andln-cumbrances affecting the said Estate; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, Tvas committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. West, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Tufnell, Sir Sir

Pilkington, Mr. Jenyns, Sir Armine Lord

Lijbume i and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Leicester, Stafford, Derby, and

York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An

clofm

ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-6, the Whole Year Lands and Pashire Grounds,

Half-year Inclosures, Common Fields, and Common or Heath Ground, in the Parish of Shernborn, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Whole Year Lands, and Pasture Grounds, Half-year Inclosures, Common Fields, and Common or Heath Ground, in the Parish of Shernborn, in the County of

Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir A rmine Wodehouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire theij Concurrence.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, South Lml to whom the Bill for drainin g and preferring certain Fen Drainage. Lands and Low Grounds, in that Part of the Great Level of the Fens called The South Level, between the River Grant, or Cam, and the Hard Lands of Ditton, Woodcock.’* Ordered, That Sir Armine Wodehouse do make the llomingsea, Qui, Botti/ham, Swaffham Bulbeck, Swilff-and Report from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill Prior, and was commis-

from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers ted. That the Committee had examined the Allegations

«f

16

Becke’s

Estate.

WllHamfonU

Estate.

Great

Oxendon

Incioiurc.

7 Geo. III. 18 0 Mail367

of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 724 Acres of the said Lands, who, on being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the said Level, amount to 4237 Acres, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act; for exonerating Part of the Estate, late of Thomas Becke, Gentleman,deceased, charged with an Annuity, or clear yearly Rent, of One hundred Pounds, of and from the Payment of the said Rent, and for substituting and making liable to the Payment thereof, other Part of the Ellate of the said Thomas Becke, ofequal Value, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Amcotts do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Richard lianjbn, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by fuclx Sale, for reimbursing the said Richard Williamson the Expences he has been at in improving the said Ellate, and other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Shiffher, Mr. Glover, Mr Sandys, Lord Lord Coleraine, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Byde, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Mack-

worth, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Seymour, Lord fort. Sir Charles Farnaby, Lord Frederick Campbell, Doctor Hay, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Martin, Mr. Forefier, Sir ArmineWodehouse, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Staun-

ton, Mr. Eiver, Lord Grey, Mr. Grey, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Linwood, Mr. Amcotts, Lord Mr.

Scudamore; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, Stafford, Derby, and And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Eliah Harvey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the severalOpen and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, within the Manor and Lordship or Parilli of Great Oxendon, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Six Persons having Right of Common upon the said Lands, the Value of whose Estates amount to £. 54. 8j. 6d. or thereabouts; and also except OnePerson, who could not be met with, the Value of whose Estate is/. 5 per Annum; and that the whole Value of the Estates within the said Lordship and Parilli, having Righjt of Common upon the said Lands, is/. 630. 7 s. or thereabouts); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone tlwough the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the

Vou 31. r

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed t* by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and1 Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, and render more effectual, Three Acts for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlefe.r; and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hamvell through

the Parillies of Hanwell, New and Ealing, to'

the great Western Road, in the said County; and for lighting, watching, and watering, the Highway between Tyburn and KensingtonGrdvel Pits; without any Amends

ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, and several Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parilli of Skelton, in the County of Cumberland without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, and several Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Cajtle Sower by, in the County of Cumberland, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Parish of IVillerfey, in the County of Gloucester, without any Amendment: And also.

The I^ords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henty Heyman; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Lloufe.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Extracts of the General Letter from the President and Council at Fort William, in Bengal, dated the 29th January 17(16, io the Court of Directors of the East India Company: And also,

N° 2. Extracts of a Letter from the President and Seleft Committee at Fort William, in Bengal, dated the 31st January 1766, to the Court of Directors of the India Company: And also,

N° 3. Extracts of the Letter from the Right honourable Lord Clive, dated at Calcutta the 1 ft February 1766,' to the Court of Directors of the East India Company i And also,

N° 4. Extracts of the General Letter from the President and Council at Fort William, in Bengal, flatted the 24th March 17 66, to the Court of Director* of the East India Company: And also,

N° 5. Extracts of the General Letter from the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated the 17th May 1766, to the President and Council at Fort William, in Bengal: And also,

N° 6. Extracts of the Letter from the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated the 17 th 1766, to the President and Seleft Committee at Wil-

liam, in Bengal: And also,

N° 7. A Book containing Consultations of the President and Council at Fort William, in Bengal, from the aik March to the 30th September 1765: And also,

N° 8. A Book containing Confutations of the Prefl-

dent

Tyburn

and

Uxbridge

Road.

Skelton

Inclosure*

Castle

Sowerby

Inclosure.

Willerfey

Inclosur^r

Heymai’s

Nat.

East India Affairs.

1

18° Mali. A. 1767.

dent and Council at Fort William, in Bengal, from the 7th October to the 30th December 1765: And also,

N° 9. A Book containing Consultations of the President and Council at Fort William, in Bengal, from the 6th January, to the 24th M 1766: And also, N° 10. Proceedings of the Select Committee at Fort William^ in Bengal, from the 7 th May to the 18 th Sep* tember 1765: And also,

N° 11. Proceedings of the Select Committee at Fort William, in Bengal, from the 30th September 1765 to the 20th January 1766: And also,

N° 12. Proceedings of the Select Committee at Fort William, in Bengal, from the 10th February to the 13th March 1766: And also,

N° 13. An Account of the Amount of the Company’s Sale of Goods, from September 1766 to March 1767: And also,

N° 14. An Account of the Amount of the East India Company’s Sale of Goods, from March 1767 to the 8 th May 17 & 7: And also,

N° 15. State of the Debts of the East India Company in England, and the Amount of their several Credits, conlifting of Cash and Goods for Sale now in England, with the Value of the said Goods on a Medium of the Price for which the like Goods have been fold for Three Years last past,estimated to the 11 th May 1767. Together with a List of the said Books and Papers. And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Books and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books and Papers (except N° 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. and 12. which wrere returned to the East India Company) are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Improving Mr. Burrell, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for House. applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for carrying on an additional Building for a more commodious Passage to the House of Commons, from Saint Margaret's Lane, and Old Palace Yard, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with ,the Amendments, be ingrossed.

EHates of An ingrossed Bill for the more equal Distribution of

Bebton. the Personal Estates of Persons deceased, among their Creditors; and for subjecting the real Estates of deceased Traders to all their Debts; was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1.1. 29. After " their" to insert " Testator, or". And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more equal Payment of the Creditors of Persons deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Parish Mr- Whitworth reported from the Committee, to

far children, whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Parish Poor Children, of the several Parishes therein mentioned, within the Bills of Mortality, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bi|I,

- r ,8

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be printed.

Sir Robert Ladbroke, according to Order, reported Loydo* from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the apply?np ti>e Bill for completing the Bridge cross the River Thames, Coal Dutia. from BlackFryars,in the City of London, to the opposite Side, in the County of Surrey, and the Avenues thereto on the London Side; for redeeming the Tolls on the said Bridge, and on Ixmdon Bridge; for rebuilding the Gaol of Neiogate, in the said City; for repairing the Royal Exchange, within the same; for embanking Part of the North Side of the said River, within certain Limits; and for further continuing, towards those Purposes, the Imposition of Six Pence per Chaldron, or Ton, of Coals and Culm, imported into the Port of the said City, established by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen; and also for carrying on the new Pavements, in the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parishes adjacent, and in the Town and Borough of Southwark-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Pod Office amending and explaining certain Laws relating to the Revenue of the Poll Office: And that Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Mr. Onjloic, Mr Pryfe Campbell, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Paterson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

APetition of the Merchants, and Traders to luppl? Bill;

and Holland, and the Dealers in foreign Linens, from Dunes on those Countries, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, LuieM*46 was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is brought in, for laying additional Duties on divers Sorts of foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; andre-presenting to the House, that the Trade carried on between England and Germany, and Holland, from whence those Linens are chiefly imported, is very beneficial to this Nation, in regard the Value of the Manufactures of this Kingdom, and of its Colonies, exported to Germany and Holland, greatly exceeds the Imports from thence, and that the Duties payable upon the Importation of foreign Linens into this Kingdom are already very high, the same having increased Ten per Cent, during the Two last Wars with France; but the Produce and Manufactures of Great Britain, and its Colonies, are admitted into Germany and Holland, on very easy Terms; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that in case any additional Duties should be laid on the Species of Linens enumerated in the Votes of the House, the same may occasion Measures to be taken by foreign Powers, which may tend greatly to discourage and lessen the Demand of Woollen and other Goods of British Produce, and may also be attended with other Consequences very prejudi* cial to the Trade of this Kingdom, and greatly increase the Practice of Smuggling: And therefore praying, Tha$ the Petitioners may be heard, against so much of the said Bill, as relates to the laying any additional Duties on foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, o~ that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Merchants, and others, of DlM' the City of Bristol,whose Names are thereunto subscrib* ed, trading to Germany and Holland, and Dealers in the

Linens of thofeCbuntries, was also presented to tha House,

and

Scotland

House and Window

Duties, dec.

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund.

American

Colonies.

7 Geo. III. i8° Mail. 369

and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that an additional Duty is intended to be laid on sundry Sorts of foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and that several of such Goods are already very heavily burthened, having been, in the Years 1747 and 1759, charged with Two several Subsidies, which togetheramount to Ten Cent, over and above the former Duties charged thereon; and that the large Addition which appears intended now to be made, will advance the Price, for HomeConsumption, of many of those Articles so high, as to amount in a great Degree to a Prohibition; and that very jconliderable Quantities of the Woollen, Iron, and other Manufactures of this Kingdom, are exported to Germany and Holland, and are admitted there on very ealy Terms, and the Petitioners are of Opinion, that such great and frequent Extensions of Duties on the Manufactures of those Countries may prove highly prejudicial to the Manufactures of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into' Consideration; and that such Relief may be granted as may effectually prevent the Consequences*so joflly apprehended.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund, for the encouraging . of the raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax; be read a Second Time.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enforce, in that Part o (Great Britain,called/Scotland, the

Execution of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for explaining the said Act; was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they haddirefted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agi'eexi to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Paterson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty, a Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the

13 th May 1707, appproving of the aforegoing Report

of the Lords of the Committee of Council: And also,

X’ 1. Copy of an Act for granting Compensation to the Sufferers, and of a free and general Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, to the Offenders in the late Times, passed in the Province of Bay, on

the 6th of December 1766: And also,

N° 2. Extract of the Minutes of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, so far as relates to the said Act, from the Time of the Receipt of the said Act: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from John Po:onall, Esquire, to His Majesty’s Attorney and Solicitor General, dated Whitehall, March 13, 1767, deliring their Opinion upon the said Act: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Report of His Majesty’s Attorney and Solicitor General, dated April 10, 1767, on the said Act: And also,

X® 5. Copy of a Representation of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to His Majesty, dated Whitehall, April 13, 1767, on the said Act.

Together with Lilts of the said Papers.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, J

to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing the free Importation importation of Rice, Sago, Powder, and Vermicelli, into this King- of Rice, &c. dom, from His Majesty’s Colonies in North America, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allowing the free Importation of Rice,

Sago, Powder, and Vermicelli, into this Kingdom, from His Majesty’s Colonies in North America, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their American Address of Friday last, that His Majesty would be Coloniei. graciously pleased to confer fume Marks of His Royal Favour, on those Governors and Officers in the several Colonies, who distinguished themselves by their Zeal and Fidelity in supporting the Dignity of the Crown, the just Rights of Parliament, and the Supreme Authority of Great Britain over the Colonies, during the late Dillurbances in America, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He w ill take the same into Consideration.

Year 1767; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund, The Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Linen;

a Sum of Money, which hath ariien by the Two- Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this railing of Sevenths Excil’e: And the same was received; and read Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund, for the encourag- """P*&c* the First Time. ing of the railing and dressing of Hemp and Flax; was,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Mr. Treasurer presented to the House, pursuant to ReThat the Bill be committed to aCommittee their Address to His Majesty, of the whole House.

X® 1. Copy of a Representation of the Lords Com- Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-rr.issioners for Trade and Plantations, dated 131I1 April ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1767, upon the Bill for granting Compensation to the House, upon the said Bill.

Sufferers, and of free and general Pardon, Indbmnity, Ordered, That the Petition of the Merchants, and and Oblivion, to the Offenders in the late Times: And Traders, to Germany and Holland, and the Dealers in also, foreign Linens from those Countries whose Names are

N° 2. Copy of the said Act passed in Mqjfachufets thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the fe-Bay, 6th December 1766: And also, veral Merchants and others, of the City of Bristol, whose

N° 3. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, dated Names are thereunto subscribed, trading to Germany 13th April 1767, referring to the Lords of the Com- and and Dealers iii the Linens of those Coun-

mittee of Council the aforegoing Representation and tries; which were this Day presented to the House, and Act: And also, were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the

N° 4. Copy of the Report of the Lords of the Com- said Bill be read a Second Time, be referred to the mif tee of Council, dated gth May 1767, upon consider* Consideration of the said Committee of the whole ing the said Representation and Act: And also, House.

N° 5. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, dated Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

Vol. 31. ' 5 B mittee.

37° 18 — 15

mittee, that they do admit the first-mentioned Petitioners to be heard, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

High Price The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ol Corn, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Order be pod poped;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning ndxt, resolve itself into the said Committee.

High Price The Order of the Day being read, for the House to of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to rroviuons. conj'Mjcr further of the present high Price of Provisions;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Importation The Order of the Day being read, for the House to of faired resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Provisions. tipon the Bill for allowing the free Importation of salted Meat, and Butter, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the w|iole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Lift of the Lieutenants of His Majesty’s Navy, now upon Half-pay, together with an Account of the Allowance? made to them, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Hardy took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Hardy reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Refutation; which they had directed him to report; and that he was also directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Hardy also acquainted the House* that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may ha\e Leave to lit. again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 11* >u IV', to consider further of the Supply granted to llis Majesty.

Ways The poltponed Older of the Day being read, for amt Means, the House torelblve itself into aCommitteeof the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That it be an Infiruflion to the said Committee, that they <so consider of the Rates to be paid for the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Buckets, between Great Britain and the Ille of .1/an, and in the said Island.

I hen the House refolvdd itself into the said Com-niiitee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they bad come to several Resolutions; which they had 21

0 Mail. A. 1767.

directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means. for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is) 190 dieMaii;

Anno 7* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a Parcel Broyle P«k of Ground, called Broyle Park, within the Manor Inckfure. of Ringmer, in the County of was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of Ground, called Broyle Park, within the Manor of Ringmer, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Lord George Sackvilledo carry the Bill

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom Offica the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to Im qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenant?, apd Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted.to be stamped, according to the several Acts now in force for that Purpose, or, having been stamped, have been loft or mif-laid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admis-fion? duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for giving farther Time for Payment of Duties omitted to be paid upon Indentures, or Contrasts, of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for the stamping thereof; was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, Expirioj relating to the clandestine Running of uncustomed kw,. Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the granting Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of Carolina and Georgia in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward oiCapeFmifcrrc,inShipsbuilt and navigated

according to Law; and to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed,

written.

W»CO»

In.

Supply Bill; Duties on Lineni| &c.

Preventing £ xtortion in Bailiffs, Zc c.

Booth’s

Estate.

Leave of Absence.

London Paving, &c. applying the Cool Duties*

7 Geo. III. 19 Mat371

written, and printed, in Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fuller, Mr. Upton, Mr. Prescott, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. jhmd. Lord Lijburne, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sir

Francis Vincent, Mr. Kynafi Mr. Coventry, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Pitt,

Hardy, Mr. Fonnereau, Admiral Frankland, Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Mtmtagu, Mr. Walsh, Sir John Major,

Mi\ Dempster, Mr. *S 'andys, Mr. Nejbitt, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Wood, Mr. DowdeswellMr. Sulivan, Mr. ivorth, Mr. Paterson, Sir William Meredith, Sir George Savile, Mr. Treasurer of the Ilouihold, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Alderman BeckJ'ord, Mr. Jloxcard, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Tuckfield, Colonel Scott, Mr. Champion, Mr. Martin; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Charles Totvn/hend presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the free Importation of Cochineal, and Indico; and for allowing the Bounties granted by any Acts of Parliament now ini being, upon the Exportation of Corn and Malt, declared, or made for Exportation, and Barley steeped, and entered at the Excise Office, to be made into Malt for Exportation, before a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves, and Mr. Pec/rell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, additional Duties upon certain Linen Cloth imported, and for carrying such Duties, together with the additional Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, upon the Importation of Bast, or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, and certain Materials for making the same, to the Sinking Fund, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, to prevent Extortion in Sheriffs, Under Sheriffs, and Bailiff's of Franchil'es, or Liberties, in Cafes of Execution, without any Amendment: And all’o.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Benjamin Booth, Esquire, and Jane his "Wife, in the County of Salop, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said ingrossed Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

of the North Side of the said River, within certain Limits; and for further continuing, towards those Purposes, the Imposition of Six Pence per Chaldron, or Torn of Coals and Culm imported into the Port of the said City, established by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen and

also for carrying on the new Pavements, in the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parishes adjacent, and in

the Town and Borough of Sout/nvark s and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; be how read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amend-: ments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments, were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled. At) Act for confirming a Partition between the Reverend Saunders, Doctor in Divinity, and Mary his Wife; Samuel Roycro/l, the Younger, Esquire, and Ann his

Wife, of several Estates in the County of Lincoln, and for vesting and settling the fame, to the Uses and oh the Trusts contained in their respective Marriage Settlements, with respect to such Estates; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, hnd found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committed had directed him to report the Bill to the House, wiefc 6ut any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrell do carry the Bill tdthd Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Bidler reported from the Committee, to whom (he ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Enable Joseph Copley, Esquire, lately called JosephMoyle, and his Issue, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Copley, pursuant to the Will of Lionel Copley 1 Esquire, deceased, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committed had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Buller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Saunden’ and Roycroft’a Estates.

Moyle’*'

Name.

Ordered, That Mr. OJbaldeftcm have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report, which was made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for completing the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Friars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side, in the County of Surrey, and the Avenues thereto on the London Side; for redeeming the Tolls on the said Bridge, and on London Bridges for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, in the said City; for repairing the Royal Exchange, within the same; for embanking Part VoL. 31,

An ingrossed Bill for applying the Money granted in Improving this Session of Parliament, for carrying on an additional Building for a more commodious Passage to the House House. of Commons from Saint Margaret's Lane, and Old Palace Yard, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for carrying on an additional Building for a more commodious Passage to the House of Commons, from Saint Margaret's Lane, and Old Palace Yard.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill

GoogR

372 190 Mali. A. 1767.

Corporations, \ Bill for the farther quieting and establishing Cor- That there be granted to His Majesty, for the Postage porations; and for rendering more speedy and effectual and Conveyance of Letters and Packets, within the said Proceedings in Writs of Quo Warranto, and Informa- Illund, such Rates, in proportion to the Number of tions inNatureof a Quo Warranto, and Proceedings on Miles, or Stages, as are now established for the Island Writs of Mandamus, was read a Second Time. Port, or Conveyance of Letters and Packets in England,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee That the Monies arising by the said Rates, be appro-of the whole House. priated to such Uses as the present Rates of Poliage

Resolved, That this House will,upon Thursday Morn- are now made applicable,

ing, next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second House, upon the said Bill. Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed to by the House.

Supply. Sir Charles Hardy, according to Order, reported from That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen,

the Committee of the whole House, to whom it wTas re- who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His for amending and explaining certain Laws relating to Majesty; the Resolution which the Committee had di- the Revenue of the Poll Office, that they do make retted him to report to the House; which he read in Provision in the said Bill, puriuant to the said his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Resolutions.

Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Half-pay of the Lieutenants of His Majesty’s ^savy is unequal to the Rank their Commissions bear, and the Time they have been in His Majesty’s Service.

The said Resolution, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sir Charles Hardy also reported from the said Committee, that he was di reded by the Committee to move the House, that an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to take the same of the Lieutenants of His Majesty’s Navy, on Half-pay, into His Consideration; and to make such further Provision for so useful and deserving a Corps, not exceeding One Shilling a Day over and above their

frefent Half-pay, for the Year 1767, as His Majesty, in lis great Wisdom, shall think fit; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good such Expence, is shall be incurred on that Account.

And Sir Charles Hardy moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly to beseech His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to take the same of the Lieutenants of His Majesty’s Navy, on Half-pay, into His Consideration; and to make such further Provision for so useful and deserving a Corps, not exceeding One Shilling a Day over and above their present Half-pay, for the Year x 767, as His Majesty, in I lis great Wisdom, shall think fit; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good such Expence as shall be incurred on that Account.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

'Wars Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do make the Report from and Means, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Cooper, accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to His Majesty, uj>on the Poll-age and Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain, and the lfte of Man, for every Angle Letter I wo Pence, for every double Letter Four Pence, for every treble Letter Six Pence, and for every Ounce Eight Pence, and so in proportion for every Packet of Deeds, Writs, and other Things.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

AMelfage from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. PecheU: v

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Marthwbel for repairing and widening the Road from to

in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenbiiry, and Hanmer, in the County of Flint, to a House in the Possession of Thomas Jenks, in Dod in the Parish. of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop-, and from

Bangor aforesaid, to Malpas,in the County of Cliesler; and from Redbrook to Hampton, in the said County of Salop; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Rotherham for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in to the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from " caster,through the Parish of P in the County of York, to Salter's Brook,in the county of ;

" and also the Road from Botherhujn, in the said County " of York,to HarteliffeHill, in the said Parish of

" Penifonand for making the said Act more effectual, so far as the same relates to the said Road between Rotherham to Harteliffe Hill; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing the free Importation of Rice, Sago, Powder, °* ice’ic* and Vermicelli, into this Kingdom, from His Majesty’s Colonies in North America, for a limited Time, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to enforce, in that Part of Great Scotland; Britain called Scotland, the Execution of an Act of the Home and last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repeal- Window ing the several Duties upon Houses, Windows, and UU<3’ Lights; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for explaining the said Act, was read thef Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's; And that the Title be. An Act to enforce, in that Part of Britain

called Scotland, the Execution of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for explaining the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Ignited Company of Merchants of Bast India England, trading to the Fuji Indies, was proft nted to the

House and read; Setting forth that the Petitioners ob- w enl1' serve,by the Votes of this House, that a Bill is depending, for further regulating the making of Dividends by the East India Company; and that the Petitioners are advif-ed, that certain Clauses in the said Bill as now' propoied,

if

7 Geo. III.

if — 20° Mail.

373

East India Company’s dividends.

if passed into a Law, would prove extremely prejudicial the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they to the Rights and Property of the Petitioners, and would think fit.

materially affect public Credit in general, as well as the particular Interefi of that Company; and that the Petitioners apprehend that the Motives to the Conduct of the Proprietors, at their late General Courts, with relation to the Dividend they have agreed to, as well as the Circumstances of the Company, which induced them to vote such a Dividend, have been very much mifnnder-stood: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may have Leave to lay before the House, the true State of those Matters, and may be heard by themselves or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect their Interefi.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further regulating the making of Dividends, by the United Company of Merchants of , trading to the East Indies, is committed; and that the Peti-

tioners be heard by their Counsel before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the said Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House, Tomorrow Morning, an Account of the Proceedings of the General Court holden Yesterday, with such Protests as were made at the same Court,

Ordered, That the Chairman and Deputy Chairman, of the East India Company, or One of them, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the East India Company do lay before this House, a List of the Names of the several Proprietors of East India Stock, who ballotted at the General Court of the said Company, which was holden Yesterday; together with the Quantity of Stock in each Person’s Name who ballotted, and their Places of Abode;

The House divided:

The Y eas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j

Tellers for thcNoes, Mtrtdish\

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further regulating the making of Dividends, by the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies-,

Resolved, That this House will, upon 'thursday next* at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Henry Vans Esquire, do, upon Thursday next, atTwelve of the Clock, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That William Pulteney, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Waif and CormcaU, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That the Chairman and Deputy Chairman, and such of the Directors of the East India Company as are in Town, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That the other Order of the Day be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the free Importation offalted Meat and Butter, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 20° die Maii;

Anno 7* Georgli III'11 Regis, 1767.

East India Company's

Dividends.

Importation of Salt Provisionf.

57-

32-

Prayers.

A Petition of the Under Subscribers, Proprietors of East India Stock; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is depending for regulating the Dividends of the East India Company; and that the Petitioners are advised, that certain Clauses in the said Bill, as now proposed, if passed into a Law, would prove extremely prejudicial to the Rights and Property of the Petitioners, and would materially affect public Credit in general, as well as the particular Interests of the Company; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Motives to the Conduct of the Pro-, prietors at their late General Courts, with relation to the Dividend, as well as the Circumstances of the Company, which induced them to vote such a Dividend, have been greatly misrepresented, or misunderstood: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may have Leave to lay before the House the true State of those Matters, and may be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect their Interefi.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further regulating the making of Dividends, by the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies,is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before Vat. 3t.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly-d\. neux. Gentleman Uftier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million Five hundred Thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, attended with Annuities, to be charged on the Sinking Fund:

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon certain Linen Cloth imported, and for carrying such Duties, together with the additional Duties, granted in this Session of Parliament, upon the Importation of Bast, or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, and certain Materials for making the same, to the Sinking Fund:

An Act for redeeming the Remainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities, established by an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures:

An Act for redeeming One Fourth Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities, established by an Act, made in the

C. Third

Royal

to

Silk.

374

20° Matt.

A. 1767*

Hoyal AflHic to Btfis.

Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties:

An Act for allowing the free Importation of Rice, Sago, Powder, and Vermicelli, into this Kingdom, from His Majesty’s Colonies in North America, for a limited Time:

in the Parilli of Whitchurch, in tl e County of and from Bangoraforesaid, to in the County of Chester, and from Redbrook to Hampton, in the fuid

County of Salop:

An Act for eitablidling and well governing a General Hospital, to he called A in the Town of Cambridge:

An Act for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh over certain adjoining Lands, and for giving Powers to the Magistrates of Edinburgh} for the Benefit of the said City; and to enable

An Act for explaining an Act, made in the Twenty- His Majesty to grant Letters Patent for establishing ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, to prevent a Theatre in the City of , or Suburbs

Extortion in Sheriffs, Under Sheriffs, and Bailiffs of thereof:

Franchises or Liberties, in Cafes of Execution: An Act for making navigable a Brook, called CW-

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year beck, from the River Swale, to the Borough of Thirsk, of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from in the County of York: ,

Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and March, to Wif- An Act for the more effectual draining the Lands, beck Saint Peters, and from thence to Tid Gate, in the lying in the Level of in the County of Lin-

IJleof Ely;and from Witbechaforesaid, through Outwell, coin; and making the River Ancholme navigable, from

to Downham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and for the River , at or near a Place called Ferraby

repealing the several Acts for repairing the said Road, Sluice, in the County' of Lincoln, to the Town of Glamr betw een Wisbech and March; and all'o for charging ford Briggs, and for continuing the said Navigation up

certain Lands in Waldersea, and on Wisbech South Side, or near to the said River, from thence to BiJJwp Briggs, Towards the Repairs of the Walderjea and South Side in the said County of Lincoln

.Banks, which, before the passing of the said Act, were An Act for improving the Navigation of the River liable to such Repairs: Hull and Frodingham Beck, from Ake Beck Mouth, to

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading the Clough, on the Flail Corner of Fishholme, and for from the Turnpike Road, in the Town of Tenterden, to extending the said Navigation from the said Clough, and over Bull Green, and to and through the Town of into or near the Town of Great Driffield, in the Eall Great Chart, to a House, known by the Sign of the Riding of the County of York: '

Castle, at the Entrance of the Town of Ashford, in the An Act for discharging divers Manors, Rectory, County of Kent; and also the Road leading from Bull Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the Green aforesaid, to Hothfield Heath; and also* the Road Eliate of the Right honourable Richard Earl of Scar-leading from Bull Green aforesaid, through High Hal-brough, by him settled on his Marriage with the Right den, to Dashmanden, in the Parish of Biddenden, in the honourable Barbara Countess of Scarbrough from the said County of Kent:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Shaddon Gate, near Carlisle, to the present Turpike Road at Mulajide, and from a Place in the said Turnpike

Uses and Trusts of the said Settlement, and for settling other Manors, Lands, and Tenements, of greater -Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Road, between Binfey Mires and North Rato Gate, to John Dixon Dyke, Baronet, lying in the Counties of join the Turnpike Road at Skillbeck, in the County of Oxford, Suffiex, and in Trustees, in Trull, to be Cumberland: fold, for raising Money to discharge a Mortgage Debt,

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, affecting other Parts of the said settled Estates: made in the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Se- An Act for vesting divers Leasehold Houses, late of cond, for making a Road from the Eall Side of the Pa- Haydock Hill, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and rish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of converted into Money, to be applied, together with Middlesex, to the East End of Church Street; and to other Part of his Personal Eliate, for the Benefit of open a Way into Shoreditchsand for repairing, pav- his Children intitled to the fame, by virtue of his Will; Sng, and regulating, Old Cock Lane, New Cock Lane, and for confirming a Sale, Leases, and Contract, made Church Street, and the Road on the West Side of the by his Widow and Executrix, of other Parts of his Opening into Shoreditch; and for removing Nuisances Estate, for the Benefit of his said Children: and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the feme An Act for Sale of the real Estate of Tomkinfon for the future: Cooper, and Ann his Wife, and for laying out the

An Act to continue and render more effectual. Money arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of other Three Acts, for repairing the Highways between Ty- Lands and Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the said burn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex; and Tomkinfm Cooper and Ann his Wife: for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments,

over Hamoett Heath, through the Parishes of Hartwell, in the Parish of Hilborough, in the County of Norfolk, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western the Estate of Deborak Bunting, the Widow and Relict Road in the said County; and for lighting, watching, of Edward Bunting, Clerk, deceased, and Edward and watering the Highway between Tybnm and Ken- Bunting, her Infant Son, by the said Edward Bunting, sington Gravel Pits: Clerk, in Trustees, to convey the same to Ralph

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Esquive, and his Heir9, and for feeuring the

Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his Money to be paid for the fame: late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of from Doncaster, through the Parish of Peniston,in the Matthew Henry Esquire, in the County of County of York, to Salter’s Brook, in the County of York, for the discharging the Debts and Incumbrance* Chester; and also the Road from Rotherham,in the said thereon; and for other Purposes therein expressed: County of York, to Hartcliffe Hill, in the said Parish An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to

of Peniston; and for making the said Act more effec- order so much of the personal Mate of George Minch in, tual, so far as the same relates to the said Road, be- deceased, as now Hands in the Name of the Accountant tween Rotherham and Hartcliffe Hill: General of the said Court, to be transferred and paid to

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Paul , and Henrietta Minchm, the only Chil-

Marchwivd, in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, dren of the said George Minchin, without their giving; lVorthenbury, and Hanmer, in the County oaf Flint, to any Security to refund the fame: a House in the Possession of Thomas Jeukstja Dodington, An Act for vesting an U ndivided Third Part of certain:

.19 Manors

jGtiC). HI.

Manors, MefloagPs, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the City of London, and in the Counties of Oxford and Bucks, heretofore the Estate of Sufalinah Let ten, Widow, deceased, in certain Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trust, to be sold, and for paying and applying the Money', to arise by the Sale thereof, in the Manner therein mentioned:

An Act to hnpower Richard Clerk, and his

IflTue, claiming under his Marriage Settlement, to grant Leases of Houses and Grounds, in ClargesStreet, in the County' of MiddleJ'cx:

An Act for vesting several Undivided Moieties, and other Parts, Shares,hereditaments, and Premises, being Part of the Estate of John Bond, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, discharged of the Uses of their Marriage Settlement, and investing the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the U fes of the same Settlement: An Act for vesting a Messuage, and divers Lands, With the Appurtenances, in the County of Hertford, Part of the Estate, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Fane William Sharpe, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the like Uses:

An Act for carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement, entered into by George Pitt, Esquire, and his Tenants, of the Manor of Kingston, and Esquire, and by the said George Pitt and John for the Exchange of Lands, in Purbeck, in the County of Dorset:

An Act for" exonerating Part of the Estate, late of Thomas Becke, Gentleman, deceased, charged with an Annuity, or clear Yearly Kent of One hundred Pounds, of and from the Payment of the said Rent, and for substituting and making liable to the Payment thereof, other Part of the Estate of the said Thomas Becke, of equal Vahie:

An Act for vesting divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Norfolk, devrfed by the Wills of John Woodcock and deceased,

in Matthew Pepper Manby, and his Heirs, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the same County, in lieu thereof, to the Uses therein mentioned: An Act for Sale of divers Freehold and Copyhold Lands and Tenements, in the Parish of Sunbury, in the CiJunty of Middlesex, and of certain Copyhold Lands in the Parish of Hampton, in the said County, Part of the Estate of John Osborne,deceased, unto the Right honourable George Earl of Pomfret, pursuant to an Agreement, and to apply the Purchase Money in discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the said Estate; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, demised to Confiantine Phipps, Esquire, by Letters Patent, under the Seal of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, unto the said Confiantine Phipps, and Confiantine JohnPhipps, his eldest Son, upon a full and^adequate Consideration to be paid for the fame:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paliures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Ar-fhingzcorth, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common, within the Manor of Difiington, in the County of Cumberland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, within the Manor of Henfingham, in the County of Cumberland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, and Meadows, in the Parish of Eafi Barkwith,. in the County of Lincoln An Act for dividing and inclosing the ©pen Commons, in the Manor of Shap, in the County of W?fi-morland:

Vol. 31.

375

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com- Foyal, mons, in the Manor of Reagill, in the County of West- A (Tent to morland: _ B,i:s'

An Act for-dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Paliures, and Wafto Grounds, in the Parish of Farndon, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Lands*

Grounds, and Commons, in the several Townships of Acting fleet, Fockerby, and Haldein the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Parish of Willcrfey, in thd County of Gbucefier:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, and several Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Castle Smverby, in the County of An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, and several Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Skelton,in the County of Cumberland:

An Act for naturalizing John Koe and George Wolff i An Act for naturalizing Gerrard Goebell.

Ordered, That Jacob Blaquiere, Esquire, do attend A Wltneft

this House, this Day. ordered

to attend.

An ingossed Bill for allowing further Time for In- Papists rolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Wills and Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was read the Third Dccds' Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allowing flirther Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

Ordered, That Sir Ellis Cunliffe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money Supply Bill 5 out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain sinkiDg Fun Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1767; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund, a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two Sevenths Excise; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of African Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be pre- Company fented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth. That, in consequence of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for divesting the Petitioners of Senegal, and its Dependencies, there was no further Supply granted to them for Support of the Settlements at the said Place, after the 19th of October 1765, when it was expected His Majesty’s Troops would have taken Possession of the fame; and that the said Troops not arriving at Senegal till the 15th of April 1766, the Garrison established by the Petitioners were continued in Employment till the 29th <v

of the same Month, and for which Space of Time they received no Provision from the Government; and that there was little or no Balance remaining in the Hands of the Petitioners, on the said 29th of of the

£. 7000 granted for the Maintenance of the said Set dements; and that the Petitioners are unable at present to Hate a perfect Account of the said Charges, their Books not being yet arrived from Africa: And there1 fete praying. That such further Sum of Money may be.

20° M

376 20° Mali. A. 1767*

granted to them, upon Account, towards answering ments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy the Charges aforesaid, as to the House shall seem meet. Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifica-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- tions, within the Time limited by Law; and for giving mine, and date to the House, the Matter of Fact con- further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify tained in the said Petition: Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and

And it is referred to Mr. [<ewis, 'Sir. Burke, Mr. Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted Calvert, Mr. Cn/1, Lord Vcrney, Mr. Whitworth, Sir to be damped according to the several Acts now in Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Aufrere, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Touchet, force for that Purpose, or, having been damped, have

Mr. Sargent, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr 'Fuller, Mr. been Iod or millaid, and for allowing them Time to Prescott, Lord Cat her lough. Sir William Meredith, Lord provide Admissions duly damped; to give further Time Clare, Mr. Alderman Beck ford. Sir Robert Ladbroke, to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affida-

Mr. Cooper, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Dyfon, Stir Gilbert vits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attor-Elliot, Mr. Hufke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Cal- nies and Solicitors; and for giving further Time for craft, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr West, Mr. Edmonstone, Payment, of Duties omitted to be paid upon Indentures Mr. Onslow, Mr. Ongley, Lord John Cavendish, Lord or Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and

Howe, Mr. Ward, Mr. Amcotts, Sir Charles Kemys for the damping thereof; was read the Third Time.

Tynte: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be* of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to

indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants,

Linens;' A Petition of the Mader, "Wardens, and Commonalty and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted

railing of of the Society of Merchants, Venturers of the City of to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications, within anpt &c. j ^riflol,under their Common Seal, was presented to the the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and observe, that a Bill is ordered to be brought in, for lay- Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, ing a further Duty on divers Sorts of foreign Linens, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped ac-many of which are so highly taxed, that the Petitioners cording to Law, or, having been Ramped, have been loft fear any Addition will advance the Price thereof for or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Ad-Home Consumption so much as to amount in a De- millions duly damped; and to give further Time to gree to a Prohibition; and that great Quantities of the such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affida-Iron, AVoollen, and other Manufactures of this King- vits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attor-dom, are taken off by the Countries from whence such nies and Solicitors.

Linens are imported, and are there admitted on ealy That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the

Terms; and the Petitioners are apprehensive, that, if Lords, and desire their Concurrence, a further Duty should be laid on the Manufactures of

those Countries, it may be a great Detriment to the Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to M0&< Trade of this Nation: And therefore praying the , House Order, a Bill for amending and explaining certain Laws ®£veattC* to take the Premises into Consideration, and that such relating to the Revenue of the Poll Office; and for Measures may be pursued as to the House shall seem granting Rates of Poltage for the Conveyance of Let-nioft fit, for preventing the Evil so justly feared. ters and Packets between Great Britain and the Isle of

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Merchants, Man, and within that Island: And the same was re-and Manufacturers, of the City of Norwich, was also ceived; and read the First Time, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Ordered, That the Order made upon Thursday BanlrujU foreign Linens, imported into this Kingdom, and for Jaft, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of other Purposes, is now depending; and that the Peti- the whole House, upon that Day Sevennight, upon the tioners are sensible of the Utility of encouraging the Bill for the better Security of the Estates and Effefts of Linen Manufactory; but in the present same appre- Merchants, Bankers, Traders, Scriveners, Factors, or bend, that the Mode of doing so, by imposing high Brokers, who may hereafter become Bankrupts, be now Duties upon foreign Linens imported, will be detri- read.

mental to the Interest of this Nation in general: And And the said Order being read accordingly; therefore praying, That so much of the said Bill, as re- , That the said Order be discharged.

fetes to the imposing additional Duties on foreign Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitted to a select Linens, imported into this Kingdom, may not pass into Committee:

a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief And a Committee was appointed of Mr

in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet. Mr. Pennant, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Cufl, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to Montagu, Mr. Dempster, Sir Kemys Tynte, Sir

be referred to the Consideration of the Com- Mr Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fuller,

mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Lorti George Sackville, Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Staunton,

for granting to His Majesty additional Duties Mr. Morton, Mr. Fitzroy, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Hervey,

on certain foreign Linens imported into this Sir Mr. Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr.

Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund, for the Alderman Bedford, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Sir

encouraging of the railing and dressing of Hemp Mr Colonel Mr. Harris,

and Flax; is committed. Mr. Burton, Lord Lifburne, Mr. Herne, Mr.

- Mr. Mr. Lord and all the Gen-

5>m n Mr. Onslow presented to the House, according to tlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of tJuiJifiwioa Order, a Bill to regulate the Qualifications of the Pro- the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

of prietors of the East India Stock: And the same was Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all

Proprietors, received; and read the First Time. who come are to have Voices.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. The House being informed that Mr. James, from MMfr

the East India Company, attended at the Door, he Office* An ingrossed BUI to indemnify such Persons as have was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ- pursuant to their Orders,

SJ

Eail India Company,

Ditto.

7 Geo. III.

N" i. An Account of the Proceedings of the General Court of the said Company, holden the 18th oi May 1767, wherein are inserted l'uch Protells as were made at the same Court: And also,

N° 2. Lift of the Names of the several Proprietors of East India Stock, who balloted at the General Court of the said Company, which was holden on the 18th May 1767 i together with the Quantity of Stock in each Person’s Name who balloted, and their Places of Abode, as they Hand in the Books of the said Company: And also,

N* 3^ Minutes of the Court of Directors of the said Company, holden on the 19th May 1767, relating to the Protest of the said Court against the Resolution of the General Court, of the 18th May 1767, for proceeding immediately to a Ballot, on aQueliion proposed at the said General Court.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, until the House do resume the adjourned Debate, upon the Motion made Yelterday, that the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of , trading to the East Indies, (which was Yesterday presented to

the House) be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further regulating the making of Dividends, by the United Company of Merchants of , trading to the East Indies, is committed.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of jhis Session.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do lay before this House, Tomorrow Morning, an Account of the Times at which the Articles of Debit, hated in their Account given in, by Order of this House, on the 18th Instant, intituled, " State of the Debts of the " East India Company in England, and the Amount of their several Credits, confuting of Calli, and Goods " for Sale now in England, with the Value of the said " Goods, on a Medium of the Price for which the like Goods have been fold for Three Years lait past, " estimated to the 1 ith May 1767;" will become payable; distinguishing at what Time each Article will become due, according to the usual Practice of Payments by the East/nd/aCompany, for such Articles, or according to the £ubftfting Agreements with the several Creditors, or the Delay of Payments consented to by those Creditors; and also how long each Article respectively has been owing by the Company.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do lay before this House, Tomorrow Morning, an Account of the several Times, at which the Goods, now in the Warehouses of the East India Company for Sale, will be fold, according to the usual Course of Sales of the said Company; together with the Sums of Money they will produce at each Sale respectively, according to the medium Prices, for which such Goods have been fold for Three Years lait past, and the Times when such sums of Money will be payable.

Ordered, That the Secretary to the East India Company do. Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further regulating the making of Dividends, by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, is committed.

Ordered, That the Accomptant to the East India Company, do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That the Directors of the India Company do lay before this House, Tomorrow Morning, the Annual Account of the Company’s Affairs, made up at Midsummer last.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Raft Indies,was presented to the

Vol. 31.

377

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, being duly lenlible of the great Obligation they lie under to Government, and that their Interests are, and mull ever be, inseparable from those of the State, are moll earnellly desirous that the Public, and the East It* dia Company, should mutually reap the Benefits arising from the Acquifttions and Revenues lately obtained iu India; and the Petitioners conceiving, that in the present State of Things, a temporary Agreement for the Space of Three Years may be conducive to the Advantage of both, do submitto the Consideration of Parliament the following Propositions, in order to the carrying such Agreement into Execution: First. They beg Leave humbly to fuggcli, that it will be not only expedient, but necessary to the extending their Commerce, and enabling them to invest those Revenues in India in the Produce of the Country, that this House will take under their Consideration the Inland Duties upon Teas, in order to prevent the pernicious Practice of Smuggling, and encourage the Consumption of that Commodity by such an Alteration in the Duties as to the House shall seem fitting, and by granting a Drawback on such Teas as may be exported to Ireland, or to any of His Majesty’s Colonies, and also by such Alterations as may conduce to the same salutary Purposes, in regard to the Duties on Callicoes, Mullins, and raw Silk: Second. That in order to render the Advantages expectapt from the Revenues before mentioned certain and permanent^ the House will provide effectual Methods, as well for recruiting the Forces necessary in India, as for the regulating the Company’s Civil and Military Servants there, for preventing the Exportation of MilitaryStores thither except for the Company’s Service, and for preventing illicit Trade: Third. That from the said Revenues there shall be deducted the Expences attending the Collection thereof, together with the Civil, Military, and Marine Establishments, and also the Charges incurred for Fortifications, Buildings, and Repairs, the same to be adjusted by Annual Accounts transmitted from, and properly authenticated by, the several Presidencies in which the same shall be incurred: Fourth. That an Account of the Commerce of the Company, including the Residue of the said Revenues, and the Produce of their Exports, shall be Annually made up, and that out of the Sums arising from the General Sales, the Sum of £. 400,000 shall be deducted, in lieu of Profits which the Petitioners have hitherto enjoyed: Fifth. That the net Surplus shall be equally divided between the Public and the Company: Sixth. That the Company’s Share of the said Surplus shall be duly and solely appropriated to the Payment of their present Debts, until they ill all be reduced to the Sum due to the Company from the Public: Seventh. That this Agreement shall commence from the ill of February 1767, upon all Goods to be imported from India, and shall continue for Three Years, provided the Dewanne of Bengal, Bahar, and Orixa, shall remain in the Company’s Hands: Eighth. But if it should be the Opinion of the House, that it will be more beneficial for the Public to enjoy a specific Sum, instead of the Proportion of the Revenues and Trade above-mentioned, then the Petitioners propose to pay in lieu thereof, Four hundred thousand Pounds per Annum for Three Years, by Half-Yearly Payments; the First Payment thereof to commence the 25th of March 1768; and the}' are also willing to indemnify the Public in respect of such Drawback on Teas exported, as shall be thought fit to be granted by Parliament, taking the same on a Medium of the Duties on the Quantity of Teas exported for Five Years past; and that such Indemnification shall also extend to the Inland Duty of One Shilling in the Pound on the Quantities of all Black and Singlo Teas consumed in Britain, upon a

like Medium of Five Years, in case it shall also appear a fit Measure to Parliament to take off the said Duty; and, provided the Duties on the inereased Consumpt ion shall not be sufficient to replace or supp! v the aforesaid

5 D / Duty

20° Mali.

37^ 20° — 2i° Mail A. 1767.

Duty of One Shilling in the Pound; and the Petitioners hope, that what is hereby proposed, either in the Mode of Participation, or by a certain Yearly Payment, will appear reasonable and equitable to this House, more especially considering that the public Revenue,during this Interval, mult continually increase, in the same Proportion with the Commerce of the Company; and the Petitioners entreat the House to recollect the imminent Dangers to which, in many critical Conjunctures, their Property has been often exposed, the very large Sums they have expended since the Commencement of the Wars in India, in which they were never the Aggrelfors,

the low Dividends, which, notwithstanding their few Losses at Sea, thay have received, during a Course of Years, whilll the Public remained in the uninterrupted Perception of an Annual Revenue, arising from the Company’s Trade, of the full Value of One Third of their Capital, Circumstances, which, the Proprietors flatter themselves, will procure them the Favour and Protection of this Honourable House, and entitle them to that Candour and Justice which have ever been the Charac-teriftics of the British Senate.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

East India' The Order of the Day, for refnming the adjourned Company’s Debate, upon the Motion made Yesterday, that the Pe-Dividends. jition of the United Company of Merchants of

trading to the East Indies, which was Yesterday presented to the House, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further regulating the making of Dividends, by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the said Motion.

The House was moved, that the Account of the Proceedings of the General Court of the said Company, holden the 18th of May 1767, wherein are inserted such

Protests as were made at the same Court: And also. Minutes of the Court of Directors of the said Company, holden on the 19th 1767, relating to the Protest of the said Court against the Resolution of the General Court of the 18th 1767, for proceeding immediately to a Ballot, on aQuestion proposed at the said General Court; which were this Day presented to the House, from the East India Company, might be read. And the same were read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That, the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be rejected.

East India The other Otders of the JDay being read;

Company. Re/olved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

High Price Re/olved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-ofCom. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Com.

High Price Re/alv ed, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole PraviGons. House, to consider further of the present high Price of Provisions.

Way* Re/olved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

»nd Meaiu. jn<, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

R/llved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Supply, House, to consider further of the Supply granted to llis Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Importation ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 0Ua,ted House, upon the Bill for allowing the free Importation *>rov‘(*oos* of salted Meat and Butter into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited.

Ordered, That Mr. IltiJIcehave Leave to make a Motion, it being near F.leven of the Clock.

And be moved the Iloule accordingly.

Ordered, That Joseph Salvador, Esquire, do, To-mor- East India row Morning, attend the Committee of the whole Company’! House, to whom the Bill for further regulating the Dividends, making of Dividends, by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. MorriccLloyd do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Sir William Maynard have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That General Honeyzoooo have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary of Abfcr.ce. Occasions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, N ine of the Clock.

Jovis> 21° die Mail;

Anno 7° Georgii III11' Regis, 1767.

Prayehs.

AN ingrossed Bill for draining and preserving certain South Level Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in that Part of the Drainage. Great Level of the Fens, called The South between the River Grant, or Cam, and the I lard Lands of ton, Ilorning/ea, Qui, Bottisham, Sicaffham

Sicaffham Prior, Burtcell, Fordhmn, and Wick was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and LowGrounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam, otherwise Grant, West, and the Hard Lands of Bottisham, Swaffham Bnlbeck, and Sicaff ham Prior, Kail; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford , to fell certain Fen Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Inve/ted Lands.

Ordered, That Sir John Hynde Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurence.

An ingrossed Bill for completing the Bridge cross London the River Thames, from Black Friars, in the City of Pav:n);,\c.; London, to the opposite Side, in the County of Surrey, and the Avenues thereto on the Sale; for re- CoalDutio.

deeming the Tolls on the said Bridge, and on London Bridge ;for rebuilding the Gaol of Nezcgate, in the said City; for repairing the Royal Exchange, within the same; for embanking Part of the North Side of the said River, within certain Limits; and for further continuing, towards those Purposes, the Imposition of Sixpence per Chaldron, or Ton, of Coals and Culm imported into the Port of the said City, established *7 by

Geo. III. 21 °Mait. 379

by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary; and also for carrying on the new Pavements in the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parishes adjacent, and in the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Re/blved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for completing the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Friin the City of London, to the opposite Side, in the County of Surrey, and the Avenues thereto on the London Side; for redeeming the 'lolls on the said Bridge, and on London Bridge; for rebuilding the Gaol of in the said City; for

repairing the Royal E,within the same; for embanking Part of the North Side of the said River, within certain Limits; and for further continuing, towards those Purposes, the Imposition of Sixpence per Chaldron, or Ton, of Coals and Culm imported into the Port of the said City, established by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary; and also for carrying on the new Pavements, in the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parishes adjacent, and in the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Ladbroke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Great An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several

Oxendon Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, luclosure. and Commons, within the Manor and Lordship or Parish of Great Oxendon, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, within the Manor and Lordship or Parish of Great Oxendon, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. El lab Harvey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Earl of The Lord Coleraine reported from the Committee, to Radnor's whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords,intituled, An Act tltaus. for veftjnjr several Lands and Tenements, settled and entailed upon William Earl of Radnor, and his I flue, by the Wills of Jacob, late Viscount Folkejlonc, and Sir Edward DesBouverie, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing and settling other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof; and to impower the Tenants for Life to make such Leases as are therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That the Lord Coleraine do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Linens* A Petition of the Mayor, Chamber, Merchants, and railing of others, the principal Inhabitants of the City of Exeter, Hemp, Sy. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observeby the Votes, that a Bill is depending for laying additional Duties on certain foreign Linens; and that if such Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners are of Opinion it will be attended with very injurious and fatal Consequences to the Woollen Manufacture in this Kingdom: And therefore the Petitioners hope and requelt, that the Bill will be prevented from being paised into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to I lis Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this

Vol. 3J.

Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and drefting of Hemp and Flax; is committed.

Mr. John Robinfonreported from the Committee, to Kendal whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Piece of h* ‘

Waste Ground, in the Borough and Township of Kirkby in Kendal, for the Benefit of the Poor, and for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the said Town, was committed, That the Committee had considered the Petition of Charles Strickland, Esquire, and John Shaw,

Gentleman, on Behalf of themselves, and the several' other Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying within, and Parcel of, a certain District or Division, called Kendal Park and Castle Lands, within the Burgh and Township of Kirkby Kendal, in the County o fWto them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates amounting to £.250. i6r. 8 and

that the Whole of the Estates by which the Proprietors are entitled to Right of Common, on the said Lands, amounts to £.3,661. 6 s.7$ d. per Annum-, and that all the Parties had been applied to, and no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made, several Amendments thereunto,- which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then, a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quction severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill for securing the Rights of the Corporation of Kendal.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, that Mr. James, from East jnej;a the Directors of the East India Company, attended at Company’s the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Dividend*, to the House, pursuant, to their Order,

Copy of the Annual Account of the East India Company’s Affairs, made up at M 1766.

Mr. James also represented to the House, that the other Accounts which the said Directors, were ordered' to lay before this House this Morning, could not be prepared time enough for that Purpose; but that the fame*

should be laid before this House as loon as possible.

And then he withdrew'.

And the Title of the said Account presented by Mr.

James was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the1 Committe of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further regulating the making of Dividends, by the United Company of Merchants trading to*

the East Indies, is committed.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Martin reported from the Committee, to whom Encouraging the Bill to amend and render more effectual, an Act, the Arts of made in the 8th Year of the Reign of King Georg? the DeCgning, Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the c'

Arts of Deligning, Engraving, and Etching, Historical and other Prints, by veiling the Properties thereof in the Inventors and Engravers, during the Time therein mentioned; and for extending the Provifious thereof to Models of Bulls, Statues, or Figures, was committed j That the Committee had considered the Petition of Jane Hogarth, Widow, to them referred; and- had gone*

through

380 si* — 'll* M 1767.

through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- in the Possession of the said Company, by which the unto; which they had directed him to report to the , Amount of their Goods and Effects, on dead and quick House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and after- Stock, now in India, does appear; and also, an Account wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at of all the Debts due by the said Company in India. the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read. And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House,

And several of the Amendments, made by the Com- withdrawn, mittee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon. And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow agreed to by the House. Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Accounts; The House being informed, that Mr. men, c. from t^e Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Total Quantities and Values of foreign Linen Yarn, imported into from

Christmas 1759 to Christmas 1766; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Total Quantities and Values of foreign Hemp and Flax imported into , from

Christmas 175^0 Christmas, 1766; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Total Values of all the Exports from England to Germany and Holland, and of all the Imports from Germany and Holland to England, from Christmas 1758 to Christmas 1765; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts arepreservedamonglt the other Papers of this Session.

Lave of Ordered, That Sir George Savile have Leave to go Absence. Country for a Month, upon extraordinary

Occasions.

Ditto. Ordered, That Mr. Hewett have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

The Orders of the Day being read;

East India Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next,

Company's at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Dividends. wh0[e House, upon the Bill for further regulating

the making of Dividends, by the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

corporations, Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-&c' ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further quieting and establishing Corporations; and for rendering more speedy and effectual Proceedings in Writs of Quo Warranto, and Informations in Nature of a Quo Warranto, and Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus.

VenertS) 2 20 die Man \

Anno 7* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a Piece Kendal of Waste Ground, in the Borough'and Township Poor, of Kirkby in Kendal, for the Benefit of the Poor; and for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the said Town; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing a Piece of Waste Ground, in the Borough and Township of Kirkby in Kendal, for the Benefit of the Poor; and for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the said Town; and for confirming a Rule or Order of Assize, and Order of the High Court of Chancery, relating to the Rates and Assessments to be raised for Relief of the Poor, by the Inhabitants of the said Township, and the Owners of Lands, called The Park and Castle Lands.

Ordered, That Mr. John Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bagot reported from the Committee, to whom Copn’i the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the undivided Parts of several Manors, Messuages, Closes, Lands, Tenements, Tolls, and other Hereditaments, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, devised by the Will of John Cogan, Surgeon, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses contained in the said W ill, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bagot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-

Suiking Fund, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty, a Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1767; and for carrying to the aggregate Fund, a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two-Sevenths Excise.

Ordered, That Mr. Dempsler have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock.

F.aft India And lie moved the House accordingly, That the East Company. India Company do lay before this House, all Accounts

Ordered, That the Report, which was made from the Parish Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Parish Poor Children, of the several Parishes 1 " therein mentioned, within the Bills of Mortality, was committed, be now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Sir William Beauchamp Proftorreported from the Com- Kenfmjtoo, mittee, to whom the Bill to continue and render more *c-

effectual, Kw&

AnfWer

to Address; Lieutenants $1 the N&vy*

Erefervatiort «f Fiflb, &c.

Encouraging the Ans of Deligning, kc.

Geo. III. 22°« 381

effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, lor repairing the Roads, in the Parishes of Ken fi Chelsea, and Ful-

hn/n, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex} and also Two other Arts of Parliament, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Fulham, through Fulham Fields, to the great Road near the Pound at in the said

County; and for lighting, watching, and watering, the said Roads; and for paving the Street, and Highway, and Footways, from the Palace Gate, to the Coach and Ilorfes in Kenfiugton, and for lighting and watching the fame, and the Courts and Alleys adjoining thereto; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, W’ith Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Ad-drel's of Turf day last, humbly to beseech His Majesty, that lie would be graciously pleased to take the same of the Lieutenants of Mis Majesty’s Navy on Half-pay, into His Cousideration: and to make such further P10-vilion for so useful and deserving a Corps, not exceeding One Shilling a Day over and above their present Half-pay, for the Year 1767, as His Majesty in His Great Wifdorn shall think fit; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good such Expence as shall be incurred on that Account, had been preferred to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will take the same into Consideration.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the 5th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual P; elervation of Fish in Fish Ponds, and other Waters, and Conies in Warrens, and for preventing the Damage done to Sea Banks, within the County of Lincoln, by the breeding Conies therein, so far as relates to the taking and destroying of Fish, was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of Designing, Engraving, and Etching, Historical and other Prints, by veiling the Properties thereof in the Inventors and Engravers, during the Time therein mentioned; and for extending the Provisions thereof to Models of Bulls, Statues, or Figures; was committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

Vot,. 31.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being level'ally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest w ere agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Linens 1 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, railing of upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Hemp, kc, Duties on certain foreign Linens, imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raffing and dressing of Hemp and Flax.

R(foiled, That this House will, upon Morn*

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to foil India resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, Company, to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, which was presented to the House upon Weanesday last, and then ordered to be

referred to the Consideration of the said Committee, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That what Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer has now acquainted the House with, from His Majesty, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into she said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker reftlmed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fuller also acquainted the House, that he Was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Way* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Meam. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed that Mr. James, from Accounts; the East India Company, attended at the Door; he ^aft India was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Houfo, ComP*nJr*. pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Times at which the Articles of Debit, stated in the East India Company’s Account, delivered the Honourable House of Commons the 18th May 1767, will become payable: And also.

An Account of the several Times at which the Goods, now in the Warehouses of the East India Com-

5K P

FEast India Company.

382 22" — 230 Mali. A. 1767.

pany for Sale, will be fold, according to the usual Mr. Jenkinson, and Mr. Disfondo prepare, and bring Course of Sales of the said Company; together with in, the fame.

the Slims of Money they will produce at each Sale re- Ordered, That the Fourth of the said Resolutions be spectively, according to the medium Prices for which referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the such Goods have been fold, for Three Years, lait past; whole House,to whom it is referred to consider further and the Times when such Sums of Money will be pay- of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to able. His Majesty.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. An iugrofted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Booth's

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the for veiling Part of the settled Estate of Benjamin , t^e-Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Esquire, and Jane his Wife, in the County of in The laid Accounts are preferred amongst the Trustees, to be sold, a*td for laying out the Money other Papers of this Session. arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands and

Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses, was read And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow a Second Time.

Morning, Nine of the Clock. Ref That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ky-

najton, Sir John Colton, Mr. Mr Shiftier, Mr. Morton, Mr. Cujt, Mr. Fuller, Air.

Sir Charles Hardy, Sir lynch Cotton, Mr. Staunton,

Air . Air. Bidler. Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr.

TouinfheLord Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fonnereau, Lord Pigot, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Air.

Buller, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Dy/bn, Mr. Bindley, Lord

CatherlAir. Ewer, Mr. Hopkins; and all the Alembers who serve for the Counties of Salop, Hereford, Gloucester, and Stafford} and for the

MR. Fuller,according to Order, reported from the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s referred to inquire further into the State and Condi- Chamber, tion of the East India Company; the Resolutions

which the Committee had directed him to report A Bill to continue so much of an Act, made in the indie#, to the House; which he read in his Place; and after- Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as fcc,

wards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the relates to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; same were read; and are as l’olloweth; viz. and for allowing the Bounties granted by any Acts of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Parliament now in being, upon the Exportation of That it would be for the mutual Benefit of the Public, Corn and Alalt, declared or made for Exportation; and the East India Company, that a temporary and Bariev l'tcoped, and entered at the Excise Office, Agreement be made, in regard to the Territorial Ac- to be made into Alalt for Exportation, before a Time quititions and Revenues lately obtained in India. to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed.

That it is expedient, for the Purposes of the said Agree- Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed to a Comment, that it it should continue for a Term not ex- mittee of the whole House.

ceeding Three Years, to commence from the First Day Rejoiced, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-of February One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole seven. House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That it i»the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Acquisitions and Revenues do remain in Air. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom Expiring the Possession of the Company, during the Continuance the Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, Lnws. of such Agreement; and that the Company do pay to relating to the clandestine Running of uncuttomed the Public, Annually, during the said Term, the sum Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Culloms; of Four hundred thousand Pounds, by Half-yearly to prevent the clandeiiiue Running of Goods, and the Payments, each Payment to be made within Six Danger of Infection thereby, to the granting Liberty Alonths after the same thall have become due. to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of Carolina

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and Georgia, in America, directly to any Part of Europe,

That it will be necessary and proper, for the better Southward of in Ships built and navi-

carrying on, and extending, the Trade of the said Com- gated according to Law; and to the prohibiting the pany, that Provision be made, for granting a Drawback Importation of Books re-printed abroad, and First com-onTeas exported to Ireland, and the British Dominions posed, written, and printed, in Great Britain, was in Americas and for taking oft* the Inland Duty of committed. That the Committee had gone through One Shilling per Pound Weight on Black and Singlo the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto;

Teas, coiifuined in Great Britain; upon such Indent- which they had directed him to report to the House; nificution to be made by the Company to the Public, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards in respefit to such Duty and Drawback, as is mention- delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the ed in the Petition of the said Company. Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once,

The Three First Resolutions of the Committee, read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the were agreed to by the House.

House, Xemine Contradicente. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

The subsequent llefolution of the Committee, being ingrossed. read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. That the Company do, upon Ettthdi:

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Monday Morning next, lay before this House, Copy Compuyi Three First of the said Resolutions, and which have of the Bye-Laws of the said Company, been agreed to by the House: And that Air. Fuller, Ordered, That the Accountant to the East India Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Thomas Town- Company do, upon Monday Alorning next, attend the jlwnd, Junior, Mr. Onslow, Mr. PryfeCampbell, Mr. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Coopertfurther regulating the making of Dividends, by the

22 Finited

Sabbati, 230 die Mail;

Anno 7* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1767.

Pn AYEKS.

Post Office Revenue.

Real Estates of Debtors.

Distressed

Debtors.

Encouraging the Arts of Designing, &c.

7 Geo. III. 23* — 250 J&//. 383

United Company of Merchants of England trading to Mr. reported from the Committee, to

the East Indies, is committed ywiththe Minutes of the whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Parilli General Court, in relation to the Declaration of the Poor Children, of the several Parishes therein mention* Dividends, which were shade payable for the several ed, within the Bills of Mortality, was re-committed; Half Years, beginning from the 25th December 1709, That the Committee had made several other Amend* the 25th December 1711, and the 25th December 1743 ments to the Bill; which they had directed him to re-respectively; and also with the Annual Accounts, port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, made up for the Years 1709, 1711, and 1743, re- and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, spectively. in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One A Bill for amending and explaining certain Laws by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-relating to the Revenue of the Pott Office; and for upon, were agreed to by the House. granting Rates of Pottage, for the Conveyance of Let- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ters and Packets between Great Britain and the Isle of ingross'ed.

Man, and within that Island; was read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 2 5 0;

Anno 7* Georgii IIP1'Regis, 1767. Prayers.

MR. Blackflonc presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual Relief of Creditors, out of the real Estates of their deceased Debtors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejglved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined in the Sheriffs Ward, or Prison for Debtors, in Saint Thomas the Apofile, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Diflrcfs; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of Designing, Engraving, and Etching, Historical and other Prints, by vetting the Properties thereof in the Inventors and Engravers during the Time therein mentioned; and for extending the Provisions thereof to Models of Butts, Statues, or Figures; was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1, 1. 29. At the End of the Line to add, " Map, Chart, or Plan."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for Encouragement of the Arts of Designing, Engraving, and Etching, Historical and other Prints; and for vesting in, and securing to, Jane Hogarth, Widow, the Property in certain Prints.

Ordered, That Mr. Martin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 31.

The House being informed, that Mr. Suckling, from the Commissioners of the Cullonis, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Drawback paid on the Exportation of China Earthen Ware, in Three Years Iaft pall j distinguishing each Year, and to what Countries the Exports were made; from C 1763 to 1766.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. James, from the East India Company, attended at the Door; he

was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Copy of the Bye Laws, established by the General Court of the Com-

" pany, on the 14th o f Aaguj 1734, and the 10th " January 1749,"

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Committee of the W'hole House, to whom the Bill for further regulating the making of Dividends, by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, is committed.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue lo much of an Art, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; and for allowing the Bounties granted by any Arts of Parliament now in being, upon the Exportation of Corn and Malt, declared or made lor Exportation, and Barley steeped, and entered at the Excise Office, to be made into Malt for Exportation, before a Time to be limited; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Townjhendtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. CharlesToicnJhend reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcal’e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, that an Act, made iii the last Session of Parliament, intituled, A11 Art to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions

in

Parish Poof Children!

Account 5 China Ware.

East India Company's

Indico*

&c.

Army

Mutiny

and

D-’fertian.

General Index to the Journals.

East India Company’s

Dividends.

384 25°--2 6" Mail 1767.

in America,an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, might be read*

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That I-cave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Act: And that the Lord and Mr. Bacon do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

Resolved, That an humble Addrdfs be presented to Ill’s Majesty, that He will be graciously pleafedto order a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to be advanced to such Person, or Persons, as the Speaker of this I loufelhall authorize to receive the same, towards further defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of this House; and to afi’ure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. PaterJ'on took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. PaterJ'on reported from the Committee, That they had considered the Petition of the under Subscribers, Proprietors of East India Stock, referred to the Coulideration of the said Committee; and had heard the Petitioners, by their Counsel, and examined several Witnesses; and had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, atTwelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill,

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Bejblved, That this House will, upon tfighPrke

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider further of the present high 0fn* Price of Corn,

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further regulating the making of Dividends, by the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies;

Ordered, That it be an Inltruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for regulating the Manner of Balloting in the General Courts of the said Company.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Annual Account of the East India Company’s Affairs, made up at

J'ummer 1766, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the Debts of the East India Company in England, and the Amount of their several Credits, confiding of Calli, and Goods for Sale now in England, with the Value of the said Goods, on a Medium of the Price for which the like Goods have been fold for Three Years last palt, eltimated to the nth May 1767, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Times at which the Articles of Debit, stated in the East Company’s

Account, delivered the Honourable House of Commons the 18th May 1767, will become payable, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the several Times at which the Goods, now in the Warehouses of the East India Company for Sale, will be fold, according to the usual Course of Sales of the said Company; together with the Sums of Money they will produce at each Sale respectively, according to the medium Prices for which such Goods have been fold, for Three Years last past; and the Times when such Sums of Money will be payable; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the Expences incurred by the East India Company, at their several Settlements and Fa6tories, on account of the Wars and Diiturbances in the East Indies, extracted from the respective Books, according to their different Periods, from 1754 to those last received; and continued to 1766, by Estimates formed upon the belt Advices; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of sundry Expences incurred by the East India Company, on account of the Wars and Disturbances in the East Indies, from 17 54 to 1766, both Years inclusive, being for Freight, Demurrage, Tonnage of Military Passengers and Stores, and other Expences relating to Ships lent out by them, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the Revenues arising from the Districts ceded to the East India Company; and also an Account of the Sums received by the Company, from the Nabobs or Country Powers, extracted from the respective Books, according to their different Periods, from 1753* inclusive, to the Grant of the Dewannee, be referred to the said Committee.

16

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursdai) High Price Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high rovi <ms‘ Price of Provisions.

Resolved, That this House will, upon importat;oa

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the offalted whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the free frovifious. Importation of salted Meat, and Butter, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Win

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the *Bd Men whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for rafting the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved}Thatthis House will, upon Morn- Supply,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of tha Clock.

Mart is, 2 6*die Maii;

Anno 7* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, prdemtion made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s of Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Pre- * servation of Fish in Fiftx Ponds, and other Waters, and Conies in Warrens, and for preventing the Damage done to Sea Banks, within the Coimty of by

the breeding Conies therein, so far as relates to the taking and destroying of Fish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the Preservation of Fish and Conies, so far as relates to the destroying of Fish; and to prevent the destroying of Conies in certain Sea Banks therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do qarry the Bill to the Lords, and defxre their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, and render more ef- Reunion, feftual. Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the &c* Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, M

and

Williamson’i

Estate.

Prohibition

of

Cambricks* Sc C.

Ayr

Roads.

Indico &c. ->

Geo. III. $6° Maii. 385

and other Par idles therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and also Two other Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Fulham, through Fulham Fields-,to the great Road near the Pound at Hammerjinith, in the said County; and for lighting, watching and watering the said Roads;and for paving the Street, and Highway, and Footways, front the Palace Gate, to the Coach and llorfes, in and for lighting and watching the fame, and the Courts and Alleys adjoining the reto: was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, anti render more elfe6tual, several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads in the Pa-ridies of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parities therein mentioned, in the county of ;

and for lighting, and watering the said Roads; and for paving the Street, and Highway, and Footways, in sing/on, and for lighting and watching, the fame, and the Courts and Alleys adjoining thereto.

Ordered, That Sir William BeauchampProctor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

’ Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate o(Richard Williamfun, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, for reimbursing the said Richardll il/ianjbn the Ex peaces he has been

at in improving the said Estate; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was commit led; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s "Fable.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Lord Frederick Campbell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend and enforce the Acts of the Eighteenth, Twenty-lirft, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation and wearing of Cambricks and French Lawns: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Melfage from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, in the County of Ayr with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Charles Totonjhend, according to Order, reported from the Committee, of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; and for allowing thq Bounties granted by any Acts of Parliament now in being, upon the Exportation of Corn and Malt, declared or made for Exportation, and Barley steeped, and entered at the Excil’e Office, to be made into Malt for Exportation, before a Time to be limited} was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s T able: Where - the - Voi.31.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrossed.

Mr. Lewis reported from the Committee, to whotti the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters offact contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House* and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition is as followeth.

An Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for veiling the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependences, in His Majesty, was read.

John Barnes, Esquire, late Governor of Senegal, produced Governor O’Mara’s Receipt for and

its Dependences, dated the 16th of April 1766; and informed your Committee, that the Company’sGarrifon continued there till the 29th of the same Month; that the Committee of the said Company received no Supply from Government on Account of Senegal, from the 29th of October 17G5 to the said 29th of April 1766. And Mr. Barnes Ihevved to your Committee, that of the Money voted by Parliament for the Maintenance of that Place, very little remainedxrn the 29th of October 1765, and that a further Expence was incurred on that Account after the said 29th of October 1765, as follows; videlicet:

For actual Salaries - - - - £. 508

And for Extra Expences - - - 3180,

or thereabouts; but which Expences, Mr. Barnes said r could not be particularly ascertained as yet, the Books of the Garrison of Senegal not being arrived.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the C011-fideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Woollen Goods, residing in or near the County of Northampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Woollen Goods, residing in and near Kiddenninfer in the County of Wor cede r, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is ordered to be brought in, for laying additional Duties of Lawns, Canvas, and several other Sorts of foreign Linen Goods; and that large Quantities of Woollen Goods, for many' Years pall, have been exported to many’ Parts of Germany; and that, in case the said Bill shall pass into aLaw, the same will be greatly detrimental to the Woollen Manufacturers of this Kingdom, and the great Number of poor People employed by them: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that such Meafores may be taken as the House shall think fit, whereby’ any bad Consequences to the Woollen Manufacturers may be avoided.

And the said Petitions were severally’ ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp and* Flax, is committed.

5 F ' An

AfHcan

Company.

Linens 2

railing of Hejnp ire.

386 a6" — 2'

Expiring An ingrosstd Bill to continue several Laws therein LaWi- mentioned, relating to the clandestine Running of un-cultomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Culioms; to prevent the clandestin Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the granting Liberty to carry Rice from llis Majesty’s Provinces of Carolina and Georgia in Amedirectly to any Part of

Europe, Southward of Cape in Ships built and

navigated according to I aw; and to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first coin-posed, written, and printed, in Great Britainwas read the Third Time.

ResolveJ, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned relating to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Culioms; to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the granting Liberty to carry Rice from His Majel’ty’s Provinces ol and Georgia in America, directly to any Part of,

Southward of Cape Finejterre-,in Ships built and navigated according to Law; and to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Mutiny The Lord Barringtonpresented to the House, accord-

ant! ing to Order, a Bill for further continuing an Act of America"’ the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to ien a‘ amend, and render more elTeftual, in His Majesty’s Do-, minions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Corporations, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House fcc* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further quieting and establishing Corporations; and for rendering more speedy and effectual Proceedings in Writs of Quo Warranto, and Informations in nature of a Quo Warranto, and Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

llcfolved. That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-ning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

East India The Order of the Day being read, for the House Company’s to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Dividends. confK|er further of the Bill for further regulating the

making of Dividends, by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies;

Ordered, That the Account of the Proceedings of the General Court of the United East India Company, held on the 6th May 1767, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Proceedings of the General Court of the said Company, holden the 18th of May 1767, wherein are inserted such Protests as were made at the same Court, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go, with the Mace, into Westminster the Court of ltcquests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members thereto attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned; ,

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That 21

0 Mali. A. 1767.

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hint to report, when the House will plea-le to receive the same.

And it being Half an Hour after Twelve of the Clock, on Wednesday Morning;

Ordered, That the Report be received this Day, at Twelve of the Clock.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn* Supply BiH; ingv resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Sl0limiIul* open the Bill for granting to His Majesiv a Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1767; and for carrying to the aggregate Fund a Sum of Money, which hath arisen by tire Two-Sevenths Excise.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, railing of upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Hemp Uu Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund, for the encouraging of the raising and dreffilig of Hemp and Flax.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom- p0(l office, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Revenue, upon the Bill for amending and explaining certain Laws relating to the Revecue of the Poll Office; and for granting Rates of Foliage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Isle of

Man, and within that Island.

Ordered, That. Mr. Upton have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Sir Ellis Gunliffe have Leave to go Leiveof into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary AWtm*. Occasions.

And then the House adjoutned till this Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 2 j° die Maii\

Anno 7* Georgii IIIlU Regis, 1767.

Praye rs.

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Scimbldby fordividingand inclosing the Open and Common Fields, inclosure. Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Scamblejby,in the County of

Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Broy’eM for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of Ground, called Indofu*. Broylc Park, within the Manor of Ringmer, in the County of Sussex, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for p0ynt:'i vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Poyntz, Estates, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for applying the Remainder of the Money thereby raised,inthePurchafe of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses to which the said Estates ftoodfettled; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords define the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The

Bamhrr’s E Rates.

Hofkin*1

Estate.

Iudico,

&c.

East India Company i

Qualification

of

Proprietors.

Mutiny and Desertion; America.

America; Suspending Power of the New York AflembJy.

Ayr

Roadr.

7 Geo. III. 270 Mali. 387

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, in Sale of divers Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Tene- the County of Ayr.

meats, in the County of Eflc.r, intailed by the Will of And the said Amendment was read; and is as fol-

DoCior John Batnber,deceal’ed; and for laying out the lowpth;

Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other l’r. 5, 1. 21. leave out " not being a Peer of this Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, " Realm."

to the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

'I'lie Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act, for veiling Part of the settled Kllate of William Kfipiire, deceased, in the Counties of Surrey and hi Truliees, to be sold, for discharging Money due upon a Mortgage of his Ellate in called

Farm, and other Debts and Incumbrances; and for settling said Ellate called Farm, lo dilin-

cumbored, to and for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House*

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to continue so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as rebates to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; and for allowing the Bounties granted by any Acts of Parliament now in being, upon the Exportation of Corn and Malt, declared or made for Exportation, and Barley steeped, and entered at the Excise Office, to be made into Malt for Exportation, before a Time to be limited; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indict*; and for allowing the Bounties granted by any Acts of Parliament now in being, upon the Exportation of Corn and Malt, declared or made for Exportation, and Barley steeped, and entered at the Excise Office, to be made into Malt for Exportation, before a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr Charles do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to regulate the Qualifications of the Proprietors of the East India Stock, was read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for further continuing an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for restraining and prohibiting the Governor, Council, and House of Representatives, of the Province of New York, from passing or afienting to any Act of Assembly for any other Purpose, until Provision shall have been made by the said Assembly for furnishing the King’s Troops with all the Necessaries required by Law: And the same was received^ and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Vol. 31.

Ordered, That the said Amendment be taken into further Confide rat ion upon this Day Two Months.

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Ayr Noblelnen and Gentlemen of the County of sub- Road*, (bribing, in Behalf of themselves and others, which was presented to the House upon the 27th Day of January last, and all’o the Report, which, upon the 5th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, leading from the Town of Ayr, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Ayr: And that Mr. Mr. Edmon-

stone, and Colonel Montgomery,do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Regulation of the Parish Parish Poor Children, of the several Parishes therein mentioned, within the Bills of Mortality, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Regulation of the Parish Poor Children, of the several Parishes therein mentioned, within the Bills of Mortality.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitivorlh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Paterson according to Order, reported from the F.aft India Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill lor n^viaends* further regulating the making of Dividends, by the 1V1 enuS’ United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, was committted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aflerw'ards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Ortce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for regulating the Time of taking a Ballot in a General Court:

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

' Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Ad- General dress of Monday last, That His Majesty would be gra* Index to th* ciously pleased to order a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to be advanced to such Person, or Persons, as the Speaker of this House shall authorize to receive the same, tdwards further defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of this House; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame, had been presented to H>* Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him tb acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- East India ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Company.

House,

Ways «nd Meant.

Sippty.

Corporations,

lee.

PmnU* s Estates.

BamHrr’s

Estate.

Ayr

Roads.

"Wilnecotc

Mines.

270 — ^8° Mail. . 1767.

House, to inquire further into the State and Condition of the Enf India Company.

1tefahrd.That this Mouse will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coulider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, re halve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn" ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further quieting and ella-blishing Corporations; and for rendering more speedy and effectual Proceedings in Writs of Quo Warranto, and Informations in nature of a Quo Warranto, and Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 28° die Mail \

Anno 70 Georgii IIItU llegis, 1767.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Htyman'* for naturalizing Henry Heyman,was read the First Time.

liejblved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act HoJcira' for veiling Part of the settled Estate of William Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Surrey and in Trullees, to be sold, for discharging Money due upon a Mortgage of his Estate in , called den Farm, and other Debts and Incumbrances; and for settling said Estate, called IlFarm, so dif-incumbered, to and for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to amend and enforce the Aits of the PobibWo» Eighteenth, Twenty-first, and Tlnrty-second Years of P K tj the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, &Ct ’ for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation and wearing of Cambricks and French Lawns, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning, next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House, will, at the rising of the AdjoawMKi House this Da)', adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled El’tates of William Poyntz, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for applying the Remainder of the Money thereby raised, in the Purchase ofotlier Land?, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses to which the said Estates Hood settled; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A11 ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Side of divers Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of E intailed by the Will of Doctor John Bamber, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchai’e ofotlier Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Colonel Montgomery) presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Ayr, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Soughs, or Drains, and proper Roads, -or Way-Leaves and such other Work*, as shall be necessary for working certain*Coal Mines, in the Manor of Wilnecote,in the County of Warwick, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Dame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

ReJ'olved, That the said Bill be re-committed. ReJ'olved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the Came was committed.

*9

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Print, upon Monday next, to proceed upon any private Bafiodi. Business after Two of the Clock.

Mr. Dyde reported from the Committee, to whom the _ River Lee Bill for improving the Navigation of the River from Nivigatio*

a certain Place in the Town of Hertford, to the River Thames, was committed; and to whom the Petition of William Sotheby, Esquire, an Infant, by the Honourable

Charles Yorke, Esquire, his Guardian, and of Elizabeth Sotheby, Widow, John Eagles, Trustee for Mary Pace, Widow, and her Children, and Frederick Teu/h, Merchant; and all’o the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City and also,

the Petition of several Brewers of the City of London, and of several Maltsters, Malt Factors, Farmers, and others, tiling the Navigation of the River Lee-, and also, the Pet ition of Thomas Walton and Bourchier Walton, of

London, Merchants, Gun-Powder Makers, and Partners; and also, the Petition of G Byrd and James JohnJ’on, Esquires, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Proprietors of the Westham Water-Works, in the County of Essex; and also the Petition of James TownJend, Esquire, Lord of the Manors of Tottenham, Pembrokes, Braces, Daubines, and Mockings, in the County of Middlesex, and of the several other Per tons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, and other Estates, within the said Manors, and Inhabitants of the Parish of Tottenham s and also, the Petition of James Barwick, on Behalf of himself, and Maiy Fai-ran, Widow, both of Waltham Abbey/, in the County of Essex, Calico Printers, and Partners; and also the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of Old Ford, and Bromley, in the County of Middlesex, and of Bow and Stratford, in the County of Essex, and other Places thereunto respectively near adjoining, and interested and concerned in the Navigation of the River Lee; were severally referred; That . the Committee had heard Counsel in support of the Allegations of the First, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth mentioned Petitions; and haft also considered the Second-mentioned Petition; and liad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found

the

East India Company’s Dividends.

Hit h Price of Cora*

High Price of

Ptovssions.

Importation of faked

ProvisioQS.

7 Geo. III. a8° Mail.3&9

the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the BiJl, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of James Townsend, Esquire, against the ' said Bill, was offered to be presented to the House.

And the said Petition was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the Report was read:

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for preserving a Supply of Water to Sewardstone Mill.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Bill, now ingrossed, for further regulating the making of Dividends, by the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole s,nkin* u"4, House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1767; and for carrying to the aggregate Fund, a Sum of Money, which hath arisen by the 1 wo-Sevenths Excise.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next. Linen*; at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His HemP &<* Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the railing and dr effing of Hemp and Flax.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Poll Office ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Rerenue* House, upon the Bill for amending and explaining certain Laws relating to the Revenue of the Poll Office; and for granting Rates of Postage, for the Conveyance of letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Iste of Man, and within that Island.

Pr. 2, 1. 9. To leave out "Fourteen" and insert "Seven" infteadthereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for regulating certain Proceedings of the General Courts of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Ordered, That Mr. Dyfon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present High Price of Provisions;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee,

Hie Order of the Day being read, for the House to - resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the free Importation of fatted Meat and Butter into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That this House will,upon this Day Month, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, of the Jail Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Dowde/well have Leave to make a Motion, it being Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly. That Mr. Cormvall and Mr. Cuthbert, late Commissioners for German Accounts, do, upon Monday Morning next,attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is refer* red to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That Mr. Dyfon have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Proceedings of public Companies and Corporations, trading with Joint Stocks, in the Cafes therein to be mentioned: And that Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Jack/on, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Mutiny

and

Deleriion;

America*

Sapper.

Companies

and

Corporadocw.

said Bill;

It palfod in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Towrt/hend Junior, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, reported from the Vol. 31. $

39°

i° Jrnii. A. 1767.

Lun<Z) la die Juniiy

Anno 7* Georgii III. Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

Private r1 H E House being moved, in pursuance of the Or* Business. x der of Thursday lait, that I cave be given to move the House this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered Upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Wriu "18' Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

r the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of York, in the room of Brice Fisher, Esquire, defeated.

Linens* A Petition of the Mayor, capital Burgesses, Assist-raising of a,lts> and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish Hemp, Uc. of Tiverton, in the County of Devon And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Cloth-Workers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufactures in Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, that a Bill is ordered to be brought in, for laying a further Duty on certain foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and that great Quanti-... . ties of Woollen and other Manufactures of this

Kingdom are taken off by the Countries from whence such Linens are imported; and the Petitioners are apprehensive, that a further Duty laid on the Manufactures of those Countries, may be a great Detriment to the Trade of this Nation, and be the Means of lessening the Consumption of the Woollen and other Manar factures of this Kingdom in thofeCountries: And therefore praying the House to take the same into Consideration; and that such Measures may be pursued, as to the House ilia.II seem meet, for preventing the Evil so much feared.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund, for: the encouraging of the raising and drafting

of Hemp and Flax; is committed.

; Avr A Bill for repairing and widening several Roads Roads, leading from the 1'own of Ayr, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Ayr, was read a Se-1 cond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir John Sebright, Colonel Montgomery, Sir Charles Mcvdaunt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr. Gore, Mr.

Garth, Sir Matthew Lamb, Mr. , Mr. Martin, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Mr. Smith, Mr.

Fitzherbert, Mr. Fonnereau, Colonel Mr.

Tit/, Mr. Bacon, Lord Coleraine, Sir William Sir Lawrence Dundas, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bolton, Mr.

Cholmley, Lord Cary.[fort, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Lezcis, Sir JoJ’eph Mr. Mr.

Morgan, Mr. Staunton, Sir Charles Ke/nys Mr.

Cvjt, Mr. Darker; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And a Motion being made, that the Committee have Leave to lit and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Wednesday Morning next;

The House was moved, that the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 18 th Day of May 1759,0! the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the Road leading from the Top of in the County of Gloucester, to the utmost Extent of the said County might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit and proceed upon the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Ayr, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Ayr, upon Wednesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Heyman’s for naturalizing Henry Heyman, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Smith, Mr. Jenyns, Sir John Sebright, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Shiff Mr. Townshend, Mr. Cnjt, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Bagot, Lord Carysfort, Sir George brooke, Mr. Martin, Mr. Whately, Mr. Mackworth,

Mr. Dyfim, Lord Thomond, Mr. Mr. Bacon,

Sir Christopher Treife, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Cooper, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Grosvenor, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Nlr. Anthony Bacon, Mr. Walpole, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Tudzvay, Lord Galway, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Nevile, Mr. Powtett, Sir Roger Mr. Gascoyne,

Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Mr.

delton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act jjambtr’i for Sale of divers Messuages,.Farms, Lands, and Te- Will, nements, in the County of Essex, intailed, by the Will of Doctor John Bamber, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Jennings, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sir

Charles Kemys Tynte, Nit. Bootle, Mr. Sulivan, Lord Ca-

rysfort, Mr. West, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Sebright, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wilson, Mr

Mr. Brudenell, Sir William Baker, Lord Allen, Colonel Nugent, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Ongley, Mr.

Cooper, Lord Barrington, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Dyfon, Mr.

Jackson, Mr. Whit/ked, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Lewis,

Mr. Garth, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Byde, Mr. Edmonjbne,

Mr. Montagu: and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Suffolk, Norfolk, Kent, Surrey, Suffer, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hofcirt for veiling Part of the settled Estate of William Hojkins,

Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Money due upon a Mortgage of his Estate in Kent,called Ilelhenden Farm,

and other Debts and Incumbrances; and for settling said Estate called Hethenden Farm, so disincumbered, to and for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir pher Treife, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hu Mr. Townfield, Mr.

Upton, Colonel Nugent, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fon- nereau, Mr. Brudenell, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Touche/, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Jackson; Mr. Sandys, Colonel Jlotham, Mr.

Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Prescott, Colonel Fitzroy,

River Lee Navigation.

WvokcrS

Estate.

7 Geo. III.

Mr. Luttrell, Lord Allen, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sidivan, Mr. Garth, Sir William Baker, Mr. Cooper Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bootle, Sir Joseph Mr. Chobn-

ley. Sir Lawrence Dundas, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Gascoxjne, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Leigh; and all the Members who fervefor the Counties of Surrey, Kent, and Suffix i and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Lee, from a certain Place in the Town of Hertford, to the River Thames, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, to impower the Trustees for patting the Act in Execution, to remove Stanjlead Turnpike.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, to impower the Trulleesto make Sluices at Frames Weir.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. To add l'everal Names to the lift of

Trustees.

Pr. 17, 1. ig. To leave out "to be paid."

Pr. 33,-1. 25. To leave out "which is the Property " of," and insert " now belonging "to" instead thereof.

I. 39. To leave out " said Sir William Wake " and Peter Flayer, their Heirs and " Assigns," and insert, " Owners of " the said Turnpike or Lock" instead thereof.

Pr. 34, 1. 19. After "their," to insert " respective;" and after " Assigns," to insert " to " and for such Uses, Intents, and " Purposes, as the said Turnpike or " Lock now Hands limited."

Pr. 61, 1. 37. To leave out " Mills," and insert " Weirs" instead thereof.

Pr. 98, 1. 32. After "afterwards," to insert "in paying the several Annual Payments " herein before directed to be made,

' ‘ " and."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Billwas amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford, to the River Thames; and for extending the said Navigation to the Flood Gates, belonging to the Town Mill, in the said Town of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Byde do carry the Bill to the I^ords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and

Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Stffix, Surrey,a.nd Kent, Part of the settled Estate, of John Wicker, Esquire, in him, his Heirs, Executors, hnu Administrators; and for settling the Manor oiKiiepp, alias Knapp,nod divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the "'Vox.. 11.

County of Sussex,being the Estate of the said John

Wicker, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Susanna Widow,

in the Counties of Kent and Siffix, in Trustees, to be sold, and for securing the Monies, to be paid for the fame, upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes, in the Act mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for applying the Remainder of the Money thereby raised, in therurchafe of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses to which the said Estates flood settled; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Carytfort, Mr. Shiffner, Lord Villiers, Lord Coleraine, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Byde, Mr. Montagu, Colonel Barre, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Townshend, Mr Paterson, Mr. Whately, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr.

Mr. Seymour, Mr. Brand, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Francis Vincent, Lord Orwell, Mr. Foley, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Jackson, Lord Barrington, Mr. Mr.

D<nvdefwell,\jOTd Clare, M.r Blackstone, Lord Thomond: and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, Essex, Middlesex, Kent, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Secretary Conway presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

A Paper, intituled, "Copy of a Memorial of Captain "Lutterloh, Agent to Duke Ferdinand of

zvick :"And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Treasury Minute, July 17th " 1766;" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Copy of Treasury Minute of " the 26th May 1767."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends the said Papers to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Papers were also read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to bejperuied by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Memorials presented to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, on the Part of his Serene Highness Prince Ferdinand of between 11 November 1765 and 31 July 1766, upon Account of any Claim, or Demand, of his Serene Highness, for any Sum or Sums of Money advanced by his Serene Highness, or his Agents, for the Service of this Country, during the late War in Germany, with the Minutes of the Treasury on such Memorials.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Report of the Commissioners for German Demands, dated 11 November 1765, and made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, upon a Demand of the Chancery of War at Hanover, on account of a Body of Treops, called the Britannic Legion.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Settlements of the Accounts of the Contribution Chell, during the late War in

Ordered, That — ----- Cornwall, Esquire, do attend

this House, upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered,

Pojmts’s

Efbtcv

Duke of Brunswick’* Claim.

Ditto.

Ditto,

39 2

o ly

i Jumi.

A. 1767.

Ordered, That Daniel Cuthbert, Esquire, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Dulee of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Brunswick’s Copy of a Letter from Samuel Martin, Esquire, Secre-Claim. tary to the Lords Connnifiioner* of His Majesty’s Treasury, to Colonel Pcirfon, dated the gth of March 1762. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a

mittee, that they do confidfer of the Duties payable upon the Exportation of Logwood.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Stamp Duties on Policies of Insurance, and of the Allowances for Prompt Payment out of the Stamp Duties.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Drawbacks upon

Copy of the Report of the Commissioners for German the Exportation from this Kingdom, of Coffee and Cocoa

Port Office Revenue.

Demands, dated the 4th Day of December 1765, upon a Memorial of Captain Lulterloh, Agent to Duke Ferdinand of Brunswick.

A Petition of the several Persons, Inhabitants, or otherwise occasionally resident in the City of Bath, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending, for amending and explaining certain Laws relating to the Revenues of the Post Office, by which, the Petitioners are informed, the Post Matters are to be freed from the Duty of delivering of Letters at the Houses of the Persons to whom they are directed, which, if the same lliould pass into a Law, would subject the Petitioners, and many others of His Majesty’s Subjects, to many and great Inconveniences: And therefore praying, that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, or so much thereof as relates to the Delivery of Letters, or may otherwise affect their Interests, or that the House will grant them such other Relief in the Premises as shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending and explaining certain Laws relating to the Revenue of the Post Office; and for granting Rates of Postage, for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Ille of Man, and within that Island, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the said Committee, upon their said Petition; if they think fit;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out these Words, " and that the " Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said " Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think " fit."

Nuts, the Produce of the British Colonies in America.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Duties payable on Foul Salt.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Duties payable on Ribbands and Silks, printed, liained, and painted, in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Duties payable upon Succus Liquoritiae imported.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of proper Methods for re straining the Exportation of such Rice as shall have been imported Duty free, in pursuance of an Act made in this Session of Parliament.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pater/on took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pater/on reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Pater/on also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Bill for restraining and prohibiting the Governor, America;

Council, and House of Representatives, of the Province York

--- r - - - - Assembly

And the Question being put, That those Words Hand of Nezv York, from passing or assenting to any Act of

k 4 4 I k #k / I A m___1 m a M w — a. Lk. A kk 1 M /I ila M 1 1

Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for ‘he Yeas,^[r7*^f

31*

54-

V>av» and Mean

Tellers for the Noes, Townshend\

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tp consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of proper Methods for raising a Revenue, in thejBnYi/AColonies and Plantations

Assembly for any other Purpose, until Provision shall have been made by said Assembly for furnishing the King’sTroops with all the Neceflanes required by Law, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill

Eifl Inda Company;

Qualifications

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon, the Bill to regulate the Qualifications of the Proprietors of East India Stock;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to M India resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,' to Campuj.

in Armrica, for making a more certain and adequate inquire further into the State and Condition of the East

Provision fqr the Charge of the AdministrationofJuttice, India Company;

and the Support of Civil Government, in such Provinces Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday where it shall be found necessary, and towards further Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee, defraying the necessary Charges of defending, protest-

ing, and securing, the said Colonies and Plantations. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to mittee, that they do consider of the Drawbacks payable consider further of the Supply granted to, His Majesty;, on the Exportation of China Earthen Ware. Re/olved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Morpingnext, resolve itself into tl^e said Committee.

S'Pffr

7 Geo. III. i° — 393

Importation The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Ad-?

of salted Report from the Committee of the whole House, to millions duly damped; and to give further Time to Provisions. wjlom Rju f0r allowing the free Importation of such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affida-salted Meat, and Butter, into this Kingdom, for a vits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to At-Time to be limited, was committed; tornies and Solicitors; without any Amendment: And

Ordered, That the said Report be received To-mor- also, row Morning. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

to enforce, in that Part of Great Britain called Scot-Poll.Office The Order of the Day being read, for the House to land, the Execution of an Act of the last Session of Revenue. ref0[ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the several upon the Bill for amending and explaining certain Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for Laws relating to the Revenue of the Poll Office; and granting to His Majesty other Duties upon Houses, for granting Rates of Postage, for the Conveyance of Windows, and Lights; and for explaining the said Ail; Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the without any Amendment: And also,

Jjle of Man, and within that Kland;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mutiuy The House

resolved itself into a Committee of the Desertion* whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing an America/ Ail. of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had direiled him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the Hou/e accordingly: And, Wkker’t An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ate* for veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Safer, Surrey, and Kent, Part of the settled

Ellate of John Wicker, Esquire, in him, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators; and for settling the Manor of Knepp, alias Knapp, and divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Suffer, being the Ellate of the said John Wicker, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2° die Junii;

Anno 70 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1767. Prayers.

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and

Mr. Angvifh:

Mr. Speaker,

Offices The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act *nd to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify inpayments, themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the M ilitia, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted tp bellarnped, according to Law, or having been damped, have been loft or

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protellant Purchasers, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for carrying on an additional Building, for a more commodious Passage to the House of Commons, from Saint Margaret's Lane, and Old Palace Yard , without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting a proper and convenient Pier at the Port of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall, for the better Protection of Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Port, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for Encouragement of the Arts of Deligning, Engraving, and Etching, Hifiorical and other Prints; and for vesting in and securing to Jane the Property in certain Prints; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, within the ManorandLordship or Parish of Oxendon; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole-year Lands and Pasture Grounds, Half-year Inclosures, Common Fields, and Common or Heath Ground, in the Parish of Shemborn, in the County of Norfolk, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Eliates of Deluding,

Widow, in the Counties of Kent and Suffer, in Tnillees, toie fold, and for securing the Monies, to be paid for the fame, upon the Trulls, and for the Purposes, in the Act mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, to proceed upon any private Business after Two of the Clock.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further ^continuing an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where

5 II the

Scotland f House and Window Duties*

Papists Wills and Deeds*

Improving Passages to the House

St. Ives Pier.

Encouraging the Arts of

Designing,

Great

Oxendon

Inclosure.

Shernborn

Inclosure.

Dow ding’s E Rates.

Private

BuJtncff.

Mutiny and Desertion; America.

o

394

2° Junii.

A\ 1767,

Importation of salted Provision*.

the Amendment wasTwice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, according to Order,

reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the free Importation of salted Meat, and Butter, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, was committed; The Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the

Cruftings, or other foul Salt, be allowed to be taken from the Salt-Works in Engl, 1 Vales, or -

upon-Tiveed,to be ul'ed as Manure, upon Payment of a Duty of Nine Pence per Bushel only.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for declaring that all Ribbands and Silks, printed, llained, or painted, in this Kingdom, though lei’s than Half a Yard in Breadth, are within the Meaning of certain Acts made in the Tenth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen liable to the Duties therein mentioned.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Booth’s

Estate.

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- That the Duties payable upon Succus Liquor it im, im — j i i- , «... ’ ported into this Kingdom, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in lieu thereof, a Duty of Thirty Shillings per Hundred Weight, be laid upon Succus Liquoritiae, imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be appropriated to such Ules, as the Duty lb to be repealed was made applicable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Subsidy of Sixpence in the Pound, according to the Value specified in the Book of Rates, referred

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Clive reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Ellate of Benjamin Booth,

Esquire, and Jane his Wife, in the County of Salop, in to by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money of King Charles the Second, be laid upon the Expor-

arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to

tation from this Kingdom, of such Rice as shall have been imported Duty free, by virtue of an Act made in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty on Rice be reserved in the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

report the Bill to the House, without any Amend- That the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware,

ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s ....

Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Clive do carry the Bill to the

exported to America, be discontinued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings and Eight Pence, Sterling Money, per Hundred Weight Avoirdupois, be laid upon all Crown, Plate, Flint, and White Glass,

Way* and Means.

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed imported into the British Colonies and Plantations in to the fame, without any Amendment. America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the That a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence, Sterling Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Money, Hundred Weight Avoirdupois, be laid

ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for upon all Green Glass, imported into the said Colonies raising the Supply granted to His Majel'tv, the Refo- and Plantations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Duties as shall be equal to a Moiety of the Duties granted by Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Tenth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, and now payable in pursuance thereof, or of any subsequent Act of Parliament, upon Paper Paste-Board9, Mill-Boards and Scale-Boards, respectively, be laid upon Paper Palle-Boards, Mill-That the Properties of any Number of Persons what- Boards, and Scale-Boards, imported into the said Co-soever, in any Ship or Cargo, or both, be allowed'to ionics and Plantations.

be allured, to the Amount of any Sum, not exceeding Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, One thousand Pounds, by a Policy stamped with One That a Duty of Two Shillings, Sterling Money, per Five Shilling Stamp; and to the Amount of any larger Hundred Weight Avoirdupois, be laid upon all Red-Sum, by a Policy stamped with Two such Stamps. and White Lead, and Painters Colours, imported into Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the said Colonies and Plantations.

lutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties upon Logwood, exported from this Kingdom, be discontinued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Allowance authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, upon prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors, be reduced to the same Rate as the Allowances for prompt Payment of other Stamp Duties.

Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, of the Growth or Produce of the British Colonies, or Plantations in America, as Merchandize, a Drawback be allowed of the Duties of Customs payable upon the Importation thereof.

Refolvcu, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Grey or Scrow Salt, Salt Scale, Sand Scale, 22

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence, Sterling Money, per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, be laid upon all Tea imported into the said Colonies and Plantations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties, to be raised in the said Colonies and Plantations, be applied, in the First Place, fri making a more certain and adequate Provision for the Charge of the Administration of Justice, and the Support of Civil Government, in such of the said Colonies and Plantations, where it shall be found necessary, and that the Residue of such Duties be paid itito the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, and there reserved, to be from time to time disposed of by Parliament, towards defraying the necessary Expences of defending,

protecting.

7 Geo. III. 2° Junii 395

protecting, and securing, the said Colonies and Plantations.

1lefolved.That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon the Exportation of Teas to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America, a Drawback be allowed, for aTime to be limited, of all the Duties of Customs, which shall have been paid thereupon; and that such Indemnification be made, by the East India Company, to the Public, in respect of such Drawback, as is mentioned in the Petition of the said Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight, upon all Black and Singlo Teas consumed in Great Britain, be taken off, for aTime to be limited, and that such Indemnification be made, by the said Company, to the Public, in respect of such Duty, as is mentioned in the Petition of the said Company.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Paterson, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Thomas Junior, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mr. Attorney

General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for more effectually preventing the claudestine Running of Goods, in the British Colonies, and Plantations in America.

Ordered, That it be an Inttruction to the said Gentlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for more effectually preventing the Wear of foreign Laces, and Needle Work, which are prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom.

Ordered, Tint it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for explaining and amending several A<?ts of Parliament, relating to Ilackney Coaches and Chairs.

New Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wood flock the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ* the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New in the County of Oxford, in the room of Anthony El'quire, deceal’ed.

America; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Management enable His Majesty to put the Customs and other ot lne Duties, in the British Dominions in America, and the u onis. Execution of the Laws relating to Trade there, under the Management of Commissioners, to be appointed for that Purpose, and to be resident in the said Dominions; And that Mr. 7homasT J unior, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Mr. Pryfe Campbell,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Paterson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Linens; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to railing of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Hemp, See.Upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional

Duties on certain ioreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the railing and areffing of Hemp and Flax;

Ordered, That the Account of the Total Quantities and Values of foreign Linen Yarn, imported into England, from Christmas 1759 to 1766; dif-

tinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Total Quantities and Values of foreign Hemp and Flax, imported into England, from Christmas 1759 to Christmas 1766;

Vol. 31.

distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Total Values of all the Exports from England to Germany and Holland, and of all the Imports from Germany and Holland to England, from Christmas 1758 to 1765;

distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterjbn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thnrfday Sevennight, the 1 ith Day of this Inllant June.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Corporation*, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further quieting and establishing Corporations; and for rendering more speedy and effectual Proceedings in Writs of Quo Warranto, and Informations in nature of a Quo Warranto, and Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Prohibition ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend and enforce the Acts Can^cnc s’ of the Eighteenth, Twenty-first, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation and wearing of Cambricks and French Lawns.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow High Price Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the of Corn, whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow High Price Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Provifiona. House, to consider further of the present High Price of Provisions.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Supply Bill; Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the SmkingFun<1* whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty, a Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1767; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund, a Sum of Money, which hath aril'en by the Two-Sevenths Excise.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow America; Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole York

House, upon the Bill for restraining and prohibiting sufpension the Governor, Council, and House of Representatives, Bill, of the Province of New York, from passing or assenting

to any Act of Assembly for any other Purpose, until Provision shall have been made by said Assembly for furnishing the King’s Troops with all the Necessaries required by Law.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- East India ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Company; House, upon the Bill to regulate the Qualifications of Ql,al^ation the Proprietors of the East India Stock. Proprietors.

Resolved, That this House will, upon To-iporrow Port Office Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee Of the Revenue, whole House, upon the Bill for amending and explaining

396

ing certain Laws relating to the Revenue of the Pod Office; and for granting Rates of Postage, for^ the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Britain and the Ijle of Man, and within that Island.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30 die Anno 7* Georgii IIItH Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

Truro f\RDERE D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-

Writ. \J rant to of the Crown, to make out a new

Writ for the electing of a Burgess to a serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Honourable John Bofcawen, deceased.

Bufinefe The House being moved, in pursuance of the Order of Yesterday, that Leave be given to move the House, this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House, this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Mr. John Calvert reported from the Committee, to' Nat" whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Heyman, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Calvert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

East India Mr. Chancellor of the* Exchequer presented to the Company's House, (according to Order,) a Bill for establishing, for Agreement. a Time to be limited, an Agreement for the Payment of an Annual Sum by the East India Company, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the 'East Indies: And the same was received -, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mutiny An ingrossed Bill for further continuing an Act of Defend > the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to America/ amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further continuing an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Duke of 1 Copy of a Letter from Mr. Martin to Colonel

Bnmfwicjc’s Pierson, dated 9th March 1762: And also.

Claim. 2. Copy of a Report of the Commissioners for German Demands, 1 ith November 17G5, upon the Demand 17

A. 1767.

of the Hanover Chancery, for the Britannic Legion:

And also,

3. Copy of a Report of the Commissioners for German Demands, 4th December 1765, upon a Memorial

of Captain Lutterloh (annexed thereto) dated 29 October 1765: And also,

4. Copy of a Report of the Commissioners for German Demands, dated 21st December 1765, relative to Prince Ferdinand's Claims: And also,

5. A translated Copy of a Letter from Duke Ferdinand, of Brunswick,to Captain Lutterloh, inclosed in

Captain Lutterloh's Letter of the 13th January 1766:

And also,

6. Copy of a Letter from Captain Lutterloh to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, 31 March 1766:

And also,

7. Copy of a Letter from Captain Lutterloh, dated 16 April 1766, with the Answrer of Duke Ferdinand of Brmijivick to the Report of the Commissioners for German Demands, dated n November 176c;: And also,

8. Copy of Minutes of the Treasury, on all Memorials presented to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, on the Part of his Serene Highness Prince Ferdinand of Brunswick, between the 11 th November 1765 and 31st July 1766: And also.

Copies and Translations of the Accounts of the Contribution Chests.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

Then the said Lift was read.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to America; Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to put the Customs, Management and other Duties, in the British Dominions in America, and the Execution of the Law's relating to Trade there, u under the Management of Commissioners, to be ap-

Eointed for that Purpose, and to be resident in the said >ominions: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Paterson presented to the House, according to Supply Bill, Order, a Bill for discontinuing the Duties on Logwood Eut:o n exported} for taking off the Duties on Succus Li quo- LoS"ood> ritiae imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu u thereof; for explaining such Parts of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, as relate to certain Duties on Silks, printed, painted, or stained, in Great Br ,for reducing the Duties on foul Salt, to be used for Manure} for granting a Duty upon the Exportation of such Rice as shall have been imported Duty free, in pursuance of an Act made in this Session of Parliament} and for more effectually preventing the Wear of foreign Lace, and Needle Work, which are prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom: And the same was received } and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Paterson presented to the House, according to SupplvMj Order, a Bill for altering the Stamp Duties upon Po- Snm^uM> licies of Assurance} and for reducing the Allowance to be made in respect of the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other ExciCeable Liquors} and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament, relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be rea4 a Second Time.

Mr. Edmonstone reported from the Committee, to Ayr whom the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads Ronis. leading from the Town of Ayr, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Ayr, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Committee had gone through' the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto } which they had directed him

to

2* — 30 Junii.

Prohibition

of

Cambricks,

&c.

Ways and Means.

-Adjournment.

Duke of Bmnswick's Claim.

7 Gfo. III. 30 Junii.

397

to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the I louse to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the Bill to amend and enforce the Acts of the Eighteenth, Twenty-first, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation and wearing of Cambricks and French Lawns, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. PaterJ'on reported from the Committee.That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him toreport, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon this Day Sevennight.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That it be an I nftruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of proper Methods for raising a Revenue in the Ife of Man, to defray the Charge of the Administration of Jultiee, and of the Civil Government, within that Bland, and for encouraging the Trade and Manufactures thereof.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty gives His Consent, that the House may make such Dif-position of the Revenues belonging to His Majesty in the said Island, as they shall think proper.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Bounties given as an Encouragement to the British White-Herring Fishery, by several Acts, made in the 23d, 26th, 28th, and 30th Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, and also by One Act, made in the 5111 Year of His present Majesty’s Reign.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson, took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon this Day Sevennight.

Air Paterfonalfo acquainted the House, That he was

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till this Day Sevennight.

Air. Secretary Conzcay presented to the House, by

His Majesty’s Command,

Copy of a Letter from Duke Ferdinand of to the Earl of Halifax, June 15 th 1763; and Tranfla-tion: And also, ’

Vol. 31.

Tranllation of a Letter from Duke Ferdinand of Brun/zoick, to Captain Lutterloh,21st February 176.1.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do* lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Alembers of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the several Papers this Day presented to the House, by Air. Cooper, relative to Duke Ferdinand of Brunswick's Claims, do lie upon the Tabled be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this^Session.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven- Duke of night, the 15th Day of this Instant June, resolve itself Brunswick’* into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of ®a*m* the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Air. Secretary Conway, upon Monday last, by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That----- Cornwall, Esquire, do attend

the said Committee of the whole House, upon Monday Sevennight, the 15th Day of this Instant June.

Ordered, That Daniel Cuthbert, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Mr. Secretary Conway His Majesty’s Command,

Extract of a Letter from James Wright, Esquire,

Governor of Georgia, to the Earl of Shelburne, dated Savannah, 6 April 1767; inclosing,

Extradhs from the J ournals of the Upper House of Assembly: And also,

Extracts from the Journals of the Commons House of Assembly.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to East India resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Company, inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

presented to the House, by American

Colonic*.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Corporations, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, &c‘ upon the Bill for the further quieting and establishing Corporations; and for rendering more speedyand effectual Proceedings in Writs of Quo Warranto, and Informations in nature of a Quo Warranto, and Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus;

And a Alotion being made, and the Question being put, That Air. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j jjJ’* ^Villraha } 38'

Tellers for the Noes, j °p^r’ 47-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House, will, upon this Day Th: ee Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read; ?a(l Inc*‘a

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

5 I whole of Proprietor!,

398

10° Junit.

A. 1767.

whole House, upon the Bill to regulate the Qualifica- poration of salted Meat and Butter into this Kindom,

tions of the Proprietors of the India Stock.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Paterson accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be printed.

And then the House amounted till this Day Seven-night, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Mercuriiy io°;

Anno 7* Georgii III. U Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

Linens; railing of Hemp, tic.

from any Place, except Ireland.

Ordered, That the Lord Clare do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Paterson, accord in g to Order, reported from the Ways Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and Mcaks. to coudder further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Duties, payable to His Majesty, on Goods imported into, or exported from, the Isle of Man, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of One Shilling per Gallon be laid upon British Spirits imported from England, into the Isle of Man.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence per Gallon be laid upon Rum, the Produce of the British Plantations, imported from England into the said Rland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of OneShillingper Pound Weight be laid upon Bohea Tea imported from England, into the said Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence per Pound Weight be laid upon GreeuTea imported from into the said Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Nine Pence per Pound Weight be laid upon Coffee imported from England, into the said Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

A Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers of Cloths, Shalloons and Worsted Stuffs, residing in and about the Towns of Halifax and Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Bill is before the House, for laying additional Duties on Lawns, Canvas, That a Duty of Two Pence per Pound Weight be laid and other Sorts of foreign Linen Goods; and that large upon Tobacco imported from England, into the said Quantities of Woollen Goods are annually exported to Island.

the Countries where the above Linens are manufactur- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ed; and that, should the said Bill pass into a Law, it That a Duty of Three Pence per Chaldron, Winchester may occasion those foreign Countries to lay Restrictions Measure, be laid on Coals imported from Great Britain, upon l’uch Woollen Goods, that will greatly decrease or Ireland, into the said Island.

their usual Consumption, which will be very detrimental to the Petitioners, and the other Woollen Manufacturers in this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House t6 take the Premises into Consideration; and that such Measures may be pursued, as will prevent bad Consequences to the Woollen Manufacture in general, as well as to the Petitioners in particular.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax; is committed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum, ad Valorem, be laid upon Hemp, Iron, Deal Boards, and Timber, imported from foreign Parts into the said Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pounds per Ton be laid upon French Wines imported into the said Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds per Ton be laid upon all other Sorts of Wine imported into the said Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty, after the Rate of Ten Pounds Centum, ad Valorem, be laid upon all Corn and Grain imported

Supply Bill; American Dudes*

from England into the said Island, for which any Bounty Mr. Paterson presented to the House, according to shall have been allowed on the Exportation thereof.

Importation

of lalced

Provisions.

Order, a Bill for granting certain Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of the said Colonies, or Plantations; and for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing the free Importation of salted Meat and Butter into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to allow, fof a limited Time, the free Im-zi

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum, ad Valorem, be laid upon all other Goods entitled to any Bounty, or any Drawback of the Duties of Excite on Exportation in Great Britain, which shall be imported from thence into the said Island.

RcJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty, after the Rate of Two Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum, ad Valorem, be laid upon all other Goods imported ivomGreat Britain,or Ireland, ipto the said Island, except Flax and Flax Seed, raw or Brown Linen Yam. Wood Allies, and Weed Ashes, and Victual. Corn and Grain from Ireland, Brown Linen Cloth, apd Hemp and Hemp Seed, the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, or Ireland, Horses, Black Cattle, all

Utenfdj

7 Geo. III. 10° Junii. 399

Vtenfils and Instruments necessary to be employed in several Acts of Parliament, relating to Hackney Manufactures, Fisheries, or Agriculture, Bricks and Coaches and Chairs; was read a Second Time.

Tiles, young Trees, Sea Shells, Lime, Soapers Waste, Refo That the Bill be committed. Packthread, and small Cordage for Nets; and except Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit-the followin'?Goods imported from Great Britain only, tee of the whole House.

videlicet. Salt, Boards, Timber, Hoops, Iron in Rods Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, or Bars, Cotton, Indico, Naval Stores, and Lumber. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, upon the said Bill.

That a Duty, after the Rate of Fifteen Pounds per Centum, ad Valorem, be laid upon all other Goods im- A Bill for discontinuing the Duties on Logwood ex- Supply Bill; ported into the said Island, from any other Part, except ported; for taking off the Duties on Succus Liquoritise ^uties Flax and Flax Seed, raw or Brown Linen Yarn, Wood imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; "

Allies, and Weed Allies, Victual, Corn and Grain. for explaining such Parts of Two Acts, made in the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Tenth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Ann?,

That all the said Duties, to be raised in the said Island, as relate to certain Duties on Silks, printed, pa nte I,

Ihr.li be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and be or stained, in Great Britain; for reducing the Duties applied in defraying the Charge of the Administration on foul Salt, to be used for Manure; for granting a of Justice, and c>f the Civil Government, within the Duty upon the Exportation of such Rice as shall have said Island; and that the Surplus remaining, after been imported Duty free, in pursuance of an Act Payment of such Charges, shall be reserved for the made in this Session of Parliament; and for more ef-Disposition of Parliament. feftually preventing the Wear of foreign Lace, and

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Needle-Work, which are prohibited to be imported That the like Drawbacks be allowed upon certain into this Kingdom; was read a Second Time.

Quantities, to be limited for each Acer, and exported Resolved, That the Bill be committed, by Licence from any Port in Eng1 end,into the Port Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit-

of Douglas, in the said Isle of Man, of British Spirits, tee of the whole House.

British Plantation Rum, Tea, Coffee, and Tobacco, as Resolved, That this Housewill, Tomorrow Morning, are now payable upon the Exportation of Inch Goods resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, from this Kingdom to Ireland. upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

That, upon the Exportation of such Goods (Malt and mittee, that they have Power to make Provision in the Barley excepted) from Great Britain to the Ijleof Man, said Bill, pursuant to the lait of the Resolutions, this as may be exported to that Island, the like Drawbacks Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, and Bounties be allowed, as are now allowed on the to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Exportation of such Goods to Ireland. Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and which has been agreed to by the House.

That Provision be made, for allowing proper Premiums

and Rewards, for encouraging and managing the Her- A Bill to enable His Majesty to put the Customs, America; ring Fishery on the Coalts of the said luand, and for and other Duties, in the Brilifi Dominions in America, Management encouraging the Linen Manufacture therein; and that and the Execution of the Laws relating to Trade there, Custom*. such Premiums and Rewards be paid out of the Duties under the Management of Commissioners, to be ap-arising to His Majesty upon the Vessels employed in pointed for that Purpose, and to be resident in the said the said Fishery, and from the several Bay Fisheries of Dominions, was read a Second Time, the said Island. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit-That such Bounties as may hereafter become due and tee, of the whole House.

payable under the several Acts, which have been made Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, for the Encouragement of the British White-Herring resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Fishery, be paid by the Receiver General of the Cufi upon the said Bill, toms, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

out of any Monies remaining in his Hands. Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Prohibition

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, amend and enforce the Acts of the Eighteenth, Twenty-agreed to by the House. first, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his late

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Nine- Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual teen first of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. preventing the fraudulent Importation and wearing of Paterson, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Thomas Cambricks and French Lawns, was committed, the

Tm nfhend, Junior, Mr. Onslow, Mr. PryJ'e Campbell, Amendments which the Committee had made to the Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Bill; and which they had directed him to report to Cooper, do prepare, and bring m, the fame. the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gen- afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, tlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments for establhhing proper Regulations with respect to the were Once read throughout; and then a Second Trade and Manufactures of the said Island. Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gen- put thereupon, several of them were ddagreed to, tlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and fe-for the more caly Supply of the Inhabitants of the said veral Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bland with a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Bill.

Meal, and Flour, authorized by an Act made in this Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Stftion, to be transported to the said Island. ingrossed.

Supply Bill; A Bill for altering the Stamp Duties upon Policies Suro*c.U£l* Affurance and for reducing the Allowance to be made in respect of the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors; and for explaining and amending Yol. 31.

A Bill for establishing, for a Time to be limited, an Raft InJia Agreement for the Payment of an Annual Sum by the Company’* East India Company, in respect of the territorial ASreement* Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the Indies, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved,

400 n° Junii. 1767,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

be. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Ayr, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of

Ordered, That Colonel Montgomery do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

High Price Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-ot Corn. ing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the prelenl high Price of Corn.

High Price Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Provision*. House, to consider further of the Present high Price of Provisions.

Supply Bill. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-Stnking ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ' ^und* House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1767; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money, which hath arisen by the

Two-Sevenths Excise.

Poll Office Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-Revenue. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending and explaining certain Laws relating to the Revenue of the Poll Office; and for granting Rates of Postage, for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the JJle of Man, and within that Island.

and Means. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday, Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

East India Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom-Company. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

America; Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Supension upon the Bill for rellraining and prohibiting the Go- Bill. vernor, Council, and House of Representatives, of the Province of New York, from passing or assenting to any Act of Assembly for any other Purpose, until Provilion shall have been made by said Assembly for fur-nithing the King’s Troops with all the Necessaries required by Law.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

JovtSj 11° Junii;

Anno 70 Georgii IIId1 Regis, 1767.

PlAY ERS.

AN iugrossed Bill for repairing and widening several icoaas- Roads leading from the Town of Ayr, and other

0 Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Ayr, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, reported from the Holkim’i Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Eftaics. intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Eilat e of William Hofkins, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Surrey and Kent,in Trustees, to be sold, for discharg-

ing Money due upon a Mortgage of his Ellate, in Kent, called Hethenden Farm, and other Debts and Incumbrances; and for settling said Ellate called Hethenden Farm, so dilincumbered, to and for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given tljeir Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act dicker’s for veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Sussex, Surrey, and Kent, Part of the settled Ellate of John Wicker, Esquire, in him, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and for settling the Manor of Knepp, alias Knapp, and divers Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex being the Ellate of the said John Wicker, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Coventry, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Dyfon, Lord Clare, Mr.

Archer, Lord Wintcrton, Mr. Milles, Mr. Mr.

West, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mr.

nereau, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

2h*r£e, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. £am«, Sir William Baker, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Mr. Bagot, Lord

North, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Upton, Mr. Lord Coleraine, Sir Christopher Trei/e, Mr. Cooper, Mr.

Mr. Dempster, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Brand, Mr. Fitxherbert, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Dennis, Sir Alexander Gilmour ;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, Kent, Suffolk, and Essex; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Act ernoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dowding’s for veiling the settled Estates of Bftaie.

Widow, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, it) Trustees, to be sold, and for securing the Monies, to be paid lor the fame, upon the Trulls, and for the Purposes, in the Act mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dyfon,

Mr. Smith, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr Ridley, Mr. Archer,

Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Coventry, Sir William Baker, Lord Frederick Campbell, Colonel Barre, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Brudenell, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Mr.

Waljh, Mr. Whately, Sir. Montgomery,

IIarris, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lord

Winterton, Sir Christopher Treife, Mr. Huffey, Lord North, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr.

Upton, Mr. Fitxherbert, Mr. Onglcy, Mr. Glover, Colonel Mackie, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mr. Wauchope,

Mr. Bindley, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Fonnereau,

Mr. Dempster; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex, Surrey, and Southampton:

And they are to meet this Afternoon,.at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

‘ - ' Mr.

7 Geo. III. .' 11° Junii.

401

inpnlv Bill; Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or-Dun'eson ,jer a for ta^ing off the Inland Duty of One Sliil-cas* ling per Pound Weight upon all Black and Singlo Tea consumed in Great Britain,a for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, and the Dominions in America, for a Time to be limited, upon such Indemnification to be made in reflect thereof, by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the Firii Time.

llejblvcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Trade Air. Cooper presented to the House, according to °*f m Order, a Bill for encouraging and regulating the Trade lilt o an. all(j \iunllf;ictures of the and for the more

cafy supply of the Inhabitants therewith a certain Quantity of Wheat, Bariev, Oats, Meal, and Flour, autho-xized, by an Act made in this Session, to be transported to the said I (land: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting certain Duties, in the Co-

Aiv.eric n Ionics and Plantations in America, for allowing a Draw-Dunes. back of the Duties of Cutloms, upon the Exportation from this Kingdom, of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of the said Colonies, or Plantations; and for discontinuing the Drnvybacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to Americawas read a Second Time.

Rrfolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Prohibition An ingrossed Bill to amend and enforce the Aids of °{ the Eighteenth, Twenty-first, and Thirty-fecund Years of the Reign of his late Alajeily King George the Second, for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation and wearing of Cainbricks and French Lawns, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend and enforce the Acts of the Eighteenth, Twenty-lirlt, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation and wearing of Cainbricks and French Lawns.

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wilnecotc Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Mines, the Bill for making Soughs, or Drains, and proper Roads, or Way-Leaves, and such other Works, as shall be necessary for working certain Coal Alines, in the Manor of Wilnecolc,in the County of was re-com-’

: nritted. That die Parties concerned had given their Con-

sect to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: except Six Proprietors of Lands allotted as Coal Lands, Two of whom made no Objection, and the other Four wine at a great Diitance from Home, and could not he met with; and that the whole Number of Proprietors of the said Lands is Twenty-seven; and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the I Ioufe; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroiled.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House mpPnties, to reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Vol. 31.

upon the Bill for altering the Stamp Duties upon Policies of Assurance; and for reducing the Allowance to be made in respectof the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament, relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

'l he l louse resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Paterjontook the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Paterfonreported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Alorning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of 1 lie whole House, Duties on upon the Bill for discontinuing the Duties on Logwood exported; for taking off the Duties on Succus Liquo-ritim imported, and for granting other Duties, in lieu thereof; for explaining such Parts of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, as relate to certain Duties on Silks, printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain; for reducing the Duties on foul Salt, to be used for Alanure; for granting a Duty upon the Exportation of such Rice as shall have been imported Duty free, in pursuance of an Act made in this Session of Parliament; and for more effectually preventing the Wear of foreign Lace, and Needle-Work, which are prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair!

Air. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the l louse America; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Management upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to put the Culioms, cliftouis and other Duties, in the British Dominions in America, 11 0UM' and the Execution of the Laws relating to Trade there, under the Alanagementof Commissioners, to beappoiuted for that Purpose, and to be resident in the said Dominions, be now read,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House East Indi* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Company upon the Bill for establilliing, for a Time to be limited, Sreetnent* an Agreement for the Payment of an Annual Sum by the East India Company, in respect of the territorial Acquiiitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

5 K 'The

o

402

i x* — 12° Juniu

A. 1767.

Linensj raiGng of Hemp, &c.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto , which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 2,1. 17, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 2,1. 17, being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Amendment be postponed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f Jjj;

Sir

XMr. Dempjter.

Tellers for the Noes So it passed in the Negative.

39-

of either House of the Assembly of the said Province of New York.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending, and explaining, certain Laws relating to the Revenue of the Poll Office; and for granting Rates of Postage, for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Isle of Man, and within that Istand.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. 1

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, to proceedupon any private Business after Two of the Clock.

Poll Ofc* Reveuie.

Private

6u£acii

Poll Office Revenue.

Sail India Company.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the- Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole, House upon the Bill for amending and explaining certain Laws relating to the Revenue of the Poll Office; and for granting Rates of Postage, for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Isle of Man, and within that Island;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire further into the State and Condition of th India Company;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V mtris, 12# die Junii;

Anno 7* Georgii IIPU Regis, 1767. Prayers.

THE House being moved, in pursuance of the Order of Yesterday, that Leave be given to move the House, this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House, this Day, after Two of th* Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Privitt

Btifincft.

Ameriea;

New York Assembly Suspension

Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Hpufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole broufe, upon the Bill for restraining and prohibiting the Governor, Council, and House of Representatives, of the Province of New York, from passing or assenting to any Act of Assembly for any other Purpose, until Provision shall have been made by said Assembly for furnishing the King’s Troops with all the Necessaries required by Law;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to extend the Prohibition in the said Bill, to Bills, Orders, Resolutions, or Votes, 18

Mr. Fuller reported from the C ommittee,to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of divers Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Ejfet, intailed by the W ill of Doctor John

Bamber,deceased , and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him tore-port the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And

BamWi


7 Geo. III.

12° Junii.

4° 3

Supply ' Bill; Dwties on Teas.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Ix)rds, and acquaint them, that this Route hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight upon all Black and Singlo Tea consumed in Great Britain, and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, and the British Domipions in America, for a Time to be limited, upon such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof, by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Trade of the Isle ot Man.

A Bill for encouraging and regulating the Tradeand Manufactures of the Ijle of Man, and for the more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a certain Quantity of Wheat, Bailey, Oats, Meal, and Flour, authorized, by an Act made in this Session, to be transported to the said Bland, was read a Second Time

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill j Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do make the Report from BumpButies, the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill

ice.

was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Paterson according to Order, reported from the East India

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Company’* establishing, for a Time to be limited, an Agreement Afreement* for the Payment of an annual Sum by the East India Company, in respect of the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the Eqfl Indies, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Paterson according to Order reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending and explaining certain Laws relating to the Revenue of the Poll Office; and for granting Rates of Postage, for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Ijle of Man, and within that Bland; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had

Post Office Revenue.

foraltering the StampDutiesupon Policies of Assurance; directed him to report to the House; and he read the and for reducing the Allowance to be made in respect ' Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

Wilnecote

Mines.

of the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament, relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs; was committed.

Mr. Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committtee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for making Soughs, or Drains, and proper Roads, or M ay-Leaves, and such other Works as shall be necessary, for working certain Coal Mines, in the Manor of Wilnecote, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend and render more effectual so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the draining and working certain Coal Mines in the Manor of Wilnecote, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

America; Mr. Paterson,according to Order, reported from the

Management Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Caftan*. '6na^*e His Majesty to put the Customs, and other Duties, in the British Dominions in America, and the Execution of the Laws relating to Trade there, under the Management of Commissioner3, to be appointed for that Purpose, and to be resident in the said Dominions, Voi. 31.

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further ConGderation of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for restraining and prohibiting the Governor, Council, and House of Representatives of the Province of Nero York, from passing or assenting to any Act of Assembly for any other Purpose, until Provision lhn.II have been made by said Assembly for furnishing the King’sTroops with all the Necessaries required by Law, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table: . Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund, for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund, for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax.

Ordered, That Sir AlexanderGilmoudo cferry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.

America; New YorJt Assembly Sufyenfioa Bill.

Linens; railing of Hemp, &c.

Regulating

Public

Companies

and

Corporations.

Adjournment

East India Company 5 Qualifications of

Proprietors.

Supply Sill;

Sinking Fund.

Ways and Means

Supply.

404 i a° — 150 Junii. . 1767.

Mr. Dxfonprcfented to the House, according to RefThat this House will, upon Morn- Supply Bill;

Order, a Bill for regulating the Proceedings of public ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Companies and Corporations, trading with J oint Stocks, House, upon the Bill for granting certain Duties, in the utl<3* in the Cafes therein to be mentioned: And the same Colonies and Plantations in for allow-

was received; and read the First Time. ing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs upon the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Exportation from this Kingdom, of CotVee and Cocoa

Nuts, of the Produce of the said Colonies, or Planta-Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the tions; and for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. China Earthen Ware exported to America.

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon Wednesday the 3d Day of this Instant June, was made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to regulate the Qualifications of the Proprietors of the East India Stock, was committed, be now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

AClause was offered to be added to the Bill, allowing a greater Number of Votes toPersons possessed of more than £. 500 Stock.

And the said Clause was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that noPerson to whom Stock shall be transferred, after a certain Day, shall have a Right to vote till he shall have been in Possession a certain Time.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that no Person shall be capable of being a Director till he has been in Possession of his Qualification a certain Time.

And the said Clause was Once read, with Blanks; and, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1767; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund, a Sum of Money, which hath arisen by the Two-Sevenths Excise;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Supply Bill* whole House, to whom the Bill for discontinuing the Duties on Logwood exported; for taking off the Duties ’

on Succus Liquoritiae imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof- for explaining such Parts of Two Acts, mad4 in the Tenth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, as relate to certain Duties on Silks, printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain; for reducing the Duties on foul Salt, to be used for Manure; for granting a Duty upon the Exportation of such Rice as shall have been imported Duty free, in pursuance of an Act, made in thisSeffron of Parliament; and for more effectually preventing the Wear of foreign Lace, and Needle-Work, which are prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom, was committed; be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 15* die Junii; Anno 70 Georgii III"* Regis, 17G7.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for altering the Stamp Duties Supply Bill;

upon Policies of Assurance; and for reducing ^an?P the Allowance to be made in respect of the Prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors; and for explaining and amending l’everal Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Policies of Assurance; and for reducing the Allowance to be made in respect of the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament, relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for establishing, for a Time to be limited, an Agreement for the Payment of an annual Company’* Sum by the East India Company, in respect of the ter- Agreement, ritorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for establishing an Agreement for the Payment of the Annual Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, by the East India Company, in respect of the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for restraining and prohibiting the America; Governor, Council, and House of Representatives, of New York the Province of New York, from passing or afienting Assimbly to any Act; of Assembjy for any other Purpose, until u 08

Pro-

Lint

ni.'ir

Hffii

Are

0:

Cl

Pavi

aP!

thi

D


1

7 Geo. III.

150 Junit.

4°5V

Provision shall have been made by said Assembly for furni thing the King’s Troops with all the Necdl'aries required by I.a\v, was read the Third Time.

lh'jblved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reltraining and prohibiting the Governor, Council, and House of Representatives, of the Province of Nezv York, until Provision shall have been made for furnishing the King’s Troops with all the Necessaries required by Law, from passing or assenting to any Afit of Assembly, Vote, or Resolution, for any other Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; and . for allowing the Bounties granted by any Acts of Parliament now in being. Upon the Exportation of Corn* and Malt, declared, or made for Exportation, and.

Barley steeped and entered at the Excise Office, to; be made into Malt for Exportation, before a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Parish Poor Children of the several Parishes therein mentioned, within the Bills of Mortality; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act JCenflngton, to continue and render more effectual several Acts of! &c*

Parish

Poor

Children.

Linens;

railing of Hemp,

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carry to Parliament, for repairing the Roads, in the Parishes of ^oad'-

America; Management of the Customs.

Kenfngton and and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and* for lighting and watering the said Roads; and for paving the Street and Highway, and Footways, In

Kenfngtoand for lighting and watching the fame, and the Courts and Alleys adjoining thereto; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act River Lee for improving the Navigation of the River Lee, from Navigation, the Town of Hertford, to the River and for

1 rade there, under the Management of Covnmifliouers, extending the said Navigation to the Flood Gates, be-to be appointed for that Purpose, and to be resident in longing to the Town Mill, in the said down of the said Dominions, was read the Third Time. ford; without any Amendment: And also,

Bejblved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act' South Level be, An Act to enable His Majesty to put the Customs, for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands, and and other Duties, in the British Dominions in America, Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the

— Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford

the Lords, the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund, for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to put the Customs, and other Duties, in the British Dominions in America, and the Execution of the Laws relating to

Drainage*

London Paving, tcc. applying the Coal Duties.

and the Execution of the Laws relating to Trade there, under the Management of Commissioners, to be appointed for that Purpose, and to be resident in the said Dominions.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for completing the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Friars, in the City of ,to the opposite Side,

in the County of Surrey, and the Avenues thereto on the London Side; for redeeming the Tolls on the said Bridge, and on London Bridge) for re-building the Gaol of Nezo-

Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam, otherwise Grant, West, and the Hard Lands of Bottisham, Swaffham Bulbeck, and Swaffham Prior, Eall; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing a Piece of Waste Ground, in the Borough and Township of in Kendal, for the Benefit of

the Poor; and for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the said Town, and for confirming a Rule or Order of Assize, and Order of the High Court of gate, in the said City; for repairing the Boy al Exchange, Chancery, relating to the Rates and AssessVnents to be

Kirkby

Poor.

raised for Relief of the Poor, by the Inhabitants of the said Township, and the Owners of Lands called the Park and Castle Lands;without any Amendment:

And also.

within the same; for embanking Part of the North Side of the said River, within certain Limits; and for further continuing, towards those Purposes, the Imposition of Six Pence per Chaldron, or Ton, of Coals and Culm, imported into the Port of the said City, established by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King for dividing a certain Fen, called The Haute Huntre, William and Queen Mary; and also for carrying on the Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain other new Pavements, in the City and Liberties of We/iminfer, Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of and Parishes adjacent, and in the Town and Borough of , in the County of Lincoln; with some Amend-

Southwark; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; merits; to which Amendments the Lords deftre the without any Amendment: And also. Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lords have agreed to the Bil^ intituled, An Act H*uteHuntr«

Inclosure.

Expiring

Laws.

Indico,

tec.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the granting Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of Carolina and Georgia, in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finiferre, in Ships built and navigated according to Law, and to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and First composed, written, and printed, in Great with-

out any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-Vox.. 31.

A Bill for regulating the Proceedings of public Companies and Corporations, trading with Joint Stocks, in the Cafes therein to be mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Regulating

Public

Companies

and

Corporations*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for ,the House Trade to resolve itself into a Committee of the wfhole House, upon the Bill for encouraging and regulating the 1*rade 0

5 L and

406 15° Ju . i 7.

and Manufactures of the Mans and for the

more easy Supply' of the Inhabitants there with a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, authorized by an Act made in this Session, to be transported to the said Bland; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Prise Campbell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pryfe Campbell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made Several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Supply Mr. Paterson,according to Order, reported fronrthe

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and ajftervvardsdelivcred in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Three thousand Five hundred Pounds be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards satisfying the Expences incurred by the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, on Account of the Establillnnent of Senegal, and its Dependences, after the 29th Day of 1 765.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, the better to enable His Majesty to defray the contingent Expences of the Forces serving in America.

The said Resolutions being levcrally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Iioufc.

High Price Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Corn to re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole I Ioufc, orn* to consider further of the present high Price of Corn, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to aRefolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

East India Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Company, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the India Corrt-

pany do, Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

Ordered, That George Dudley, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered That Ayr on Franks, Esquire, do attend the said Committed, at the same Time. '

Ordered, That George Esquire, do attend

the said Committec, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain Tinker, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That----- Comical!, F.squire, do attend

the said Committee, at the same Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Dukenf resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Paja is, which were presented to the House by Mr.-Secretary Corncay,upon the ill Day of this Intrant June, by His Majesty‘s Command;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the lever a 1 Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee, upon Wediujday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Post Office the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Revenue. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending and explaining certain Laws relating to the Revenue of the Poll Office; and for granting Rates of Poltage, for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Ijle of Man, and within that Bland; was committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross’ed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the I Ioufc Supply kj; to resolve itself into a Committee of tiic whole Honl’e, bimcsoa upon the Bill for taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight upon all Black and Singlo Tea consumed in Great Britain, and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America, for a Time to be limited, upon Inch Indemnification to be made in respect thereof, by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House SunplyMl; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, s",km* upon the Bill for granting to llis Majelfra Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying Certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1767; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund, a Sum of Money, which hath arisen by the Two-Sevenths Excise, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving SupplyBU; the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for discontinuing the Duties on Log- *&Ci wood exported; for taking off the Duties oil Succus Liquoriti® imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for explaining such Parts of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, as rekite to certain Duties on Silks, printed, painted, or ffuiued, in Great Britain; for reducing the Duties on foul Salt, to be tiled for Manure; for granting a Duty upon the Exportation of such Rice as shall have been imported Duty free, in pursuance of an Act made in this Session of Parliament; and for more effectually preventing the Wear of foreign Lace, and Needle-Work, which are prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom j was committed; be now xead.

And

Supply Bill; American Duties.

Accounts;

Teas.

Accounts;

Teas.

7 Geo. III. 15* — 1 6° 407

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morn in<?.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to rei'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bilr for granting certain Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation from this Kingdom, of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of the said Colonies, or Plantations; and for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterfantook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. PaterJ'on reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Teas exported from i.t-rdto Ireland, and to the Colonies and Plan-

ts ions in America, from Christmas 1761 to nas 170b; diliinguishing each Year; together with Accounts of the Amount of the Duties of Customs paid thereon respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the One Shilling per Pound Weight Inland Duty, paid on all Teas delivered out of the East India Company’s Warehouses, for Home

Consumption, for the Five Years lull pall, viz. fr»m Midsummer 1761 to MidJ'umriicr 1766; diliinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Inland Duties on Tea, for the last Five Years; distinguishing each Y'ear.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ait Account of the Amount of the net Duties paid upon Tea, imported into Great Britain, for Five Years pall; diliinguishing each Year.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart 'ts, 16° die Junii;

Anno 7* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1767,

Pray ers.

THE House being informed, that Mr.

from the Commissioners of the Culloms, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Par, presented to the House, pursuant to their

Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Teas exported from England to Ireland, and to the British. Colonies and Plantations in America, from Christmas 1761 to Christmas 1766; diliinguishing each Year; together with Accounts of the Amount of the Duties of Customs paid thereon respectively: And also,

An Account of the net Produce of the Duties of Vox,. 31.

Customs on all Teas imported into Great Britain, for Five Years, from ill March 1761 to ill March 1760.

And llien he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill lbr taking oft' the Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight upon all Black and Singlo Tea consumed in Great Britain, and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America, for a Time to be limited, upon such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof, by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned, is committed.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the One Shilling per Pound Weight Inland Duty, paid on all Teas delivered out of the East India Company’s Warehouses, for Home Consumption, for the Five Y’ears last pall, viz, from Midsummer 1761 to Midsummer 1766; dilliti-guifiling each Y'ear: And also,

A11 Account of the gross and net Produce of the Inland Duties on Tea, for the last Five Y'ears; distin-guishing each Y'ear.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight upon all Black and Singlo Tea consumed in Great Britain, and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America, for a Time to be limited, upon such

Indemnification to be made in respect thereof, by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned, is committed.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing a certain Fen, called. The Haute Huntre, Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1, 1. 10.

Pr. 2, 1. 5,6-1. 10.

1 I3*

I.14.

Pr. 3, 1. 6. 19, I.23.

1. 36.

I-37-

Leave out " and, " and insert " built, or that may be built " on ancient " iuilead thereof. Leave out " having Right of " Common therein."

After " Place," to insert " having " Right of Common therein." After " the," to insert said." After " AlTelfment," to insert " for and towards the Support " and Preservation of the said " Fen, before the passing of " the WithamAd herein after

" mentioned."

Leave out " Sunday," and insert " Monday" instead thereof. After " except," to insert " Boston " West."

Leave out tr Two."

After " the," to insert " said." After " Assessments," to insert " for and towards the Support

Accounts; Teas.

Haute Huntni Fen Inclosure.

408

i 6°Junii.

Pr. 20. 1.

22.

" and Prefemtion of the said " Fen."

After " allotted," to insert " and " the Owners, Proprietors, or " Occupiers of Houses and " Toftsteads within each respective Parish, Township, " or Place, shall have and en-

A. 1767.

Sort of Corn or Grain, Duty free, into this Kingdom, for a longer Time than is permitted by any Act of this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be on luftruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to joy the same Right of Com- His Majesty a Sum of Money out of the Sinking mon, and other Right what- Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mensoever, in, over, and upon tioned, for the Service of the Year 1767; and forcarrythe respective Share, or Part, ing to the Aggregate Fund a Sum -of Money which " so set out and allotted to hath arisen by the Two-Sevenths Excise; is committed; " such respective Parish, Town- that they do make Provision in the said Bill pursuant " ship, or Place, as they now to the said Resolution.

Pr. 28, 1.11.

Pr. 32, 1.24. Pr. 39, 1.14.

" have and enjoy, or could, " or might have had, and enjoyed, over the Whole of the " said Fen, and other Conimonable Places, before the passing of this Act."

Leave out from " Fences " to " and " in Line 29 of the next Press.

After " Common," to insert " and other Right whatsoever." Leave out from " Act " to " proVided " in Line 26 of the next Press.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from Supply BiH; the Committee of the whole House; to whom the Bill Puliet0? for discontinuing the Duties on Logwood exported; 0gW00 for taking off the Duties on Succus Liquoritiae imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; lor explaining such Parts of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, as relate to certain Duties on Silks, printed, . painted, or fiained,in Great Britainfor reducing the Duties on foul Salt, to be used for Manure; for granting a Duty upon the Exportation of such Rice, as shall have been imported Duty free, in pUrfuanCe of an Act made in this Session of Parliament; and for

The said Amendments being severally read a Second more effectually preventing the Wear of foreign Lace, Time,were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, and Needle-Work, which are prohibited to be imported

Trade to the Isle of Man.

agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Djjfon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Pnjfe Campbell, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the

into this Kingdom; was committed; The Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the' Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wereOnce read throughout; and then aSeoond Time, One by One; and, 1

Bill for encouraging and regulating the Trade and upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of Manufactures of the Isle of Man; and for the more easy them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to Supply of the Inhabitants there, with a certain Quan- by the House; and several Amendments were made, tity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, au- by jthe House to the Bill.

thorized, by an Act made in this Session, to be transported to the said Island; was committed; The Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Rill for Arncric* granting certain Duties, in the British Colonies and uno' Plantations in America; for allowing a Drawback of

were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation from this One by One; and, upon the Question severally put Kingdom of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce

thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

East India Stock.

An ingrossed Bill to regulate the Qualifications of the Proprietors of the East India Stock, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to regulate the Qualifications of the Proprietors of the East India Stock.

of the said Colonies, or Plantations; and for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America-, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

Ordered, That Mr. Onjlotv do carry the Bill to the severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

r- Paterson, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confkler further of the present high Price of Corn, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s iable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

__ Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be impowered, with the Advice of ilis Privy Council, to permit the Importation of any

22

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply BS; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Fuoi upon the Rill for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Sendee of the Year 1767; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund, a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two-Sevenths Excise; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,

7 Geo. III. 16" — i

mittee, that they have Power'to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to "the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty’s most gra-. cious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 15th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money arising f rom the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown, and to the Sums which should arise by the Sale of the ceded Islands, being applied to the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, {hewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1766 has been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until . the 7th Day of April 1767; and the Parts remaining

unl'atisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Pow'er to receive a Clause for obviating Doubts, in relation to the Meeting of Commissioners, for putting in Execution, an Act, passed in this Seihon of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to Flis Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand

Seven hundred and Sixty-seven.

Then the House resolved'itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

' Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Regulating The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Companies a Committee of the w hole House, upon the Bill for OIand"*S regulating the Proceedings of public Companies and corporations. Corporations, trading with Joint Stocks, in the Cafes therein to be mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterjon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Bast India Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Company. Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire further into the State and Condition of the East India Company.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into 0 Committee of the whole House, on upon the Bill for taking oft- the Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight upon all Black and Singlo Tea consumed in Great Britain, and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America, for a Time to be limited, upon such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof, by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

' 0

.. Vot. 31,

f Juhil 409

Mercurii, 1J6 die J

Anno 7* Georgii III,a Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

MR. Paterson, according to Order, reported front RfplaMig the Committee of the whole 1 louse, to wrhoin the Bill for regulating the Proceedings of public Com- ana panics and Corporations, trading with Joint Stocks, in Corporation* the Cafes therein to be mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, iit at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question foverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr.

Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed so the Bill, intituled, An Act Highways; to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of ParJitt- Amending ment, the several Statutes now in being, for the Amehd- **'* meat and Preservation of the public Highways of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Turnpike to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parlia- Roads; ment, the General Laws now in being, for regulating Amending the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for other 1*WI. Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Duke of vesting Part of the Eliates of George Duke of Saint Albans, in Trullees, for raffing Money to pay Debts, "tet* and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for encouraging and regulating the Trade

Trade and Manufactures of the I and for the more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a certain fle Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, authorized, by an Act made in this Session, to be transported to the said Island, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for encouraging and regulating the Trade and Manufactures of the Ijle of Man, and for the more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, authorized by an Act made in this Session, to be transported to the said Island.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for discontinuing the Duties on Supply Bill; Logwood exported; for taking off the Duties on Sue- Dutitsoa cus Liquoritiae imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for explaining such Parts of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Tw elfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, as relate to certain Duties on Silks,printed,

Sainted, or flamed, in Great Britain; for reducing the ►uties on foul Salt, to be used for Manure; for granting a Duty upon the Exportation of such Rice as shall have been imported Duty free, in pursuance of an Act made in this Session of Parliament; and for more effectually preventing the Wear of foreign Lace, and Needle-Work, which are prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom; was read the Third Time.

5 M Resolved,

i7° — 18° J^.1767.-

Re/ohed, That the Bill do p:lfs: And that the Title he, An Ari for discontinuing the Duties on Logwood exported; lor taking oil’ the Duties on Succus Liquo-ritiae imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for explaining such Parts of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, ns relate to certain Duties on Silks, printed, pointed, or itained, in Great Britain; for granting a. Duty upon the Exportation of such Rice as shall have been imported Duty free, in pursuance of an Actmade in this Self)on of Parliament; and for more effectually preventing the Wear of foreign Lace and Needle* Work, which are prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Pater (bn do carry the Bill to tire Lords, and delire their Concurrence,

Port Office An ingrossed Bill for amending and explaining cer-Revenue, fain Laws relating to the Revenue of the Post Office;

and for granting Rates of Poliage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Jjle of Man, and within that Bland; was read the Third

Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4, 1. 22. To leave out " Letter or Packet.’*

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending certain Laws, relating to the

Revenue of the Poll Office; and for granting Rates of Poliage lor the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Ijle of Man, and within i that Bland.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Supply Ml; Mr- Paterson,according to Order, reported from the

suJuug Fumt- Commitlee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ranting to His Majesty a Stun of Money out of the inking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1767; and for carrying to the aggregate Fund, a Sum of Money, which hath arilen by the Two-Sevenths Excilc; was committed; (he Amendments which the Committee had made to the Rill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quell ion ievcrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the lloul'e.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

g.jj, ' Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the I louse Duties' ’ torefolve itfclfinto a Committee of the whole House, on Teas, upon the Bill for taking oil the Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight upon all Black and Singlo Tea consumed in Great Britain, and Ibr granting a Drawback upon the Exportation ol Tea to Ireland, and tire British Dominions in America, for a Time to be limited, upon inch Indemnification to be made in reipevt thereof, by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned, be now read. ‘

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Inftmction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Ckmfes, for permitting the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, or the Brit (fit Colonies in America, in linalier Quantities than in one entire Lot or Lots.

Ordered, That it be an Inltrudion to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to direct that all Teas seized and condemned for being illegally imported, 11 mil not be sold for Home

Consumption, but dial 1 be exported to or the

British Colonies in America.

Then the House refoJved itself into the said Com-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee, mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleui’e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Cooper preferred to the House, puiTuant to Accounts; their Order, America

An Account of Expences incurred by Govern- aml . ment, on account of the Services performed in America Wclt ""*» and the Wt ft Indies,respectively, from the Year 17 56 to

to the Year 1766, both Years inclusive; distiuguishing each Year; i'o for as it appeal's in the Office of Ord» nance: And also.

An Account of the Expences incurred by Government, for Victualling His Maj city’s Navy, and Land Forces, in America and the West Indies, respectively, from the Year 175610 the Year 1766, both Years inclusive; distinguishing each Year; so far as the fama appears in the Victualling Office.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

' yovisy 18° die;

Anno 7® Georgii Him Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Hd«w rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new v> r"' Writ, for the electing of aBurgels to fervein this present Parliament for the Borough of Helfion, in the County of Conncall,in the room of Sir "John Evelyn, Baronet,

deceased.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to WicleA

whom the ingroiled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Eui"4' Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Su/jex, Surrey, and Kent, Part of the settled

El tat o of John JCicker, Esquire, in him, his Heirs, Ex- - editors, and Adminiflrntors; atul for settling the Manor of Knepp,alias Knapps and divt-rs Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Sufic r, being the ElUite of the said John Wicker, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; was committed; That the Committee hid examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fume to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to rqjort the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Tabic.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this H<?use hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Povntz* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

m

Geo. III. 18° Junii. ' 4U

Art for veftin.tr Part of the settled Estates of William Poi/nfz, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and forapplving the Remainder of the Money thereby raised, in the Pui-cJjafe of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the LTfes to whiclrthe said Estates flood settled; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Coufent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bid was read the Third Time.

Rrfolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Francis do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating the Proceedings of public Companies and Corporations, trading w;ithJoint

Stocks, in the Cafes therein to he mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title he, An Act for regulating the Proceedings of certain public Companies and Corporations, carrying on Trade or Dealings with Joint Stocks, in respect to the declaring of Dividends, and/or further regulating the Qualification of Members for voting in their respective General Courts.

Ordered, That Mr. Dufou do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty;

An Estimate of the Expence of printing certain Parliamentary Records: And also,

Estimate of the Expence of printing, the Record called Domesday Book, in Four Volumes.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

And the said Estimates were also read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; c/g.

Ax ESTIMATE of the Expence of printing certain Parliamentary Records.

1250 Copies of the Rolls of Parliament and the Journals of the House of Lords, Printing and Paprt 2 7,000

Preparing Copy of the Rolls for the Press, and Examination and Revssion. of Proof Sheets, and

Contingences - - 1,650

Preparing Copy of Journals for the Press, and Examination and Revilion of Proof Sheets, and

Contingence.4 - - - - t* - 2^950

31,600

ESTIMATE of the Eitpence of printing the Record called Domesday Book, in Four Volumes, pursuant

to an Address of the House of Commons.

i° I'ac Simile Types -....., . 70 10

2° Fac Simile Plates -- ----- 20

3° Printing the Text entire *..... 393 *5

4® Printing the Interpretation - - . - . 475 0

50 Printing General Index . - - - ~ - - - - 58 p

C® Paper, the whole Impression - - ^.....2,700 o

Sum of Expenco of printing 1000 Copies of Four Volumes -----£ 3>721 11

And for 1,500 Copies an Addition of the Sum of £.1,267 be required, all the Copies to be on a kind of Imperial Paper.

1

k

u

I?

Printing Rejoiced, That an humble Address be presented to ctrtam ]Tis Majesty, tliatl le will be graciously pleated to order ecor *® a Sum, not exceeding Ten thou land Pounds, to be advanced, towards defraying the Expence of printing One thousand Two hundred and Fifty Copies of such Parliamentary and other Records, as His Majesty find! think fit; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Vol. 31.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the J ournal of this House, from the End of the laltScfliou of Parliament, to the End of this prefect Session.with a proper Index thereto,be printed. Ordered, That One thousand Copies of the said

Journal

lUguJatirtir

public*

Companies

and

Curportnons*

Estimate of printing

certain

Records.

Journal

0*' r:'c

House*

4r 2

t8° Junii.- . A. 1767.

Journal be printed, by the Appointment, ami under the Direction, olf 'Thomas Tynohitt, Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal be printed by such Person ns tliall be lieenfed by Air. Speaker; and that no T)ther Person dt> presume to print the lame.

Journals Ordered, That such a S>Tumber of Copies of the Jotir-llovfe, na*s t^,is House, with the Indexes thereto, as shall Se^ ’ make up the Copies now remaining in the 1 lands of the Clerk of this House to the Number of One thousand, be reprinted, b v the Appointment, and under the Direct ion, of Thomas Tynciiitt, Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies , of the several Reports from Committees of this House, which have been printed by Order of the House, and are not inserted in the said Journals, be reprinted, by the Appointment, and undoe the Direction, of Tynehitt, Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journals and Reports be reprinted by such Person, or Persons, as tliall be lieenfed by Mr. Speaker-, and that no other Person do prefmne to print the fame.

Ditto. Re/ohed, That an humble Address he presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order the bum of Five thousand Pounds to be advanced to Thomas Tyrwhitt, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards

defraying the Expence of Printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the lull Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session. with a proper Index thereto; and also the Expence of reprinting the J ournals and Reports of this House, with tin Indexes to the said 'Journals; and to allure His Majesty that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered That the said Address. be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of’His Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting certain Duties, in the American British Colonies and Plantations in America-, for allow-Duues. ing a Drawback of the Duties of Culioms upon the Exportation from this Kingdom, of CofTee and Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; and for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to Americu; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for granting certain Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Culloras upon the Exportation from this Kingdom, of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of the said Colonies, or Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Golonies and Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; ' An ingrotTed Bill for granting to I lis Majesty a Sum Sinking Fund* of Money out of the Sinking Euud; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1767; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund, a Sum of Money, which hath arisen by the Two-Sevenths Excise; was read the Third Time.

Re/ulved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1767; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; for carrying to the aggregate Fund, a Sum of Money, which hath arisen by the Two-Sevenths Excise; for impoweringHis Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to per-

mit the Importation of any Sort of Corn or Grain, Duty free, into this-Kingdom, for a longor-Time than is permitted by any Act of thin Session.of Parliament; and for obviating.Doubts in relat ion to the Meeting of Commissioners for putting in-Execution an Act of this Session for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Laud Tax.

Ordered, That Air. Paterson- do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Air. Paterson do’carry to the Lords, the Trade

ingrossed Bill for encouraging an- 1 regulu? ing the Trade of the and Manufactures of the Ijle of Man, and for the more WeofMani cafy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a certain*Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, authorized, by an Act made in this Session, to be transported to the said Island; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Ordered, That Air. Paterson do carry to the Lords, the Poll ingrossed Bill for amending certain Laws, relating to the Rwnue. Revenue of the Poll Office; and for granting Rates of Postage, for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Ijle of Man, and within that Island; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

A Meflfage from the l.ords, by Mr. Anguish and Air. Cuddon

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords hgve agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act America; to enable His Majesty to put the Customs and other Duties in the British Dominions inAnierka, and the Exe- CulUw. cation of the Laws relating to Trade there, under the Management of Commissioners to be appointed for that Purpose, and to be resident in the said Dominions, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply B31; for altering the Stamp Duties upon Policies of Afl’urance; StampDatk* and for reducing tint Allowance to be made in respect of the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament, relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Prohibition to amend and enforce the Acts of the Eighteenth, Twen- cambrich. ty-lirll, and Thirty-second Yrears of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation and Wearing of Cambricks and French Lawns, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, lb much of an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the draining and working certain Coal Mines, in the Manor of Wiin the County of Warzoick, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, int ituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town oi Ayr, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Ayr, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lamjck'i naturalizing Sophia Magdalen an Infant; to

which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said ingrossed Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duktof for veiling Part of the Estates of George Duke of Albans, in Trustees, for raising Money to pay Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr.

7 Geo. III.

18° Junii.

4»3

Supply Bill; Afr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the fold, and for securiilg the Atonies, to be paid for the Duties on Tea.

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling Pound Weight upon all Black and Singlo Tea consumed in Great Britain, and for granting a Drawback upon the

Exportation of Tea to Ireland, and the Domi-

nions in America, for a Time to be limited, upon such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof, by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his ... Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-

ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingro/Ted.

Adjournment. Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Private

Xufinei*.

fame, upon the Trults, and for the Purposes, in the Act mentioned, was committed.

Mr. Thomas Tozvn/hend, Junior, accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be trtie; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed the Bill to be reported to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

llcfolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Junior, do

carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lamack* for naturalising Sophia Magdalen Lamack, an Infant, Nat* was read a Second Time.

Refolied, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Reynolds, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Wedderbum, Mr. Thurlmo, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Mr. Jaekfon, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Fonnereau, Lord

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House upon Monday next, to proceed upon any private Mr. Mr. Mr. Sir

Business after Two of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Merrick Burrell, Mr. Huffey, Mr. Mr. Dyfon,

Mr. Stephens, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Onjloxo, Mr. Pryje Campbell, Mr. Mr.

Drummond, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Burke, Mr. Milles, Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Garth, Mr. Foley, Captain Dennis: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Luna, 2 2* die Junii

Anno 7* Georgii III1'* Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

Private r II E House being moved, in pursuance of the Bufinets. J_ Order of ThursdayIalt* that Leave be given to move the House, this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House, this Day alter Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Duke of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act St. Albans for veiling Part of the Estates of George Duke.of Estates. Albans in Trullees, for raising Aloney to pay Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Whately, Mr. Burke, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Grey, Mr. BoJ-caiven. Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Air. Ashburnham, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Jaekfon, Mr. Damer, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Garth, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Luttrell, Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Rigby, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Martin, Mr. Wedderbum, Mr.

Sir John Sebright, Mr. Beauclei'k, Air Wr.Paterson, Air Plumptre, Mr. MiAir Mr. Stephens,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. PryJ'e Campbell; and all the Alem-bers who serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, Surrey, Kent, Sussex, and: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Dovtding’t . Ordered, That Air. Thomas Tuumf/end, Junior, do Estates. make the Report from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Sufauna Dowding, Widow, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, in Trustees, to be Von. 31.

Atl ingrossed Bill for taking off the Inland Duty of Supply Bill; One Shilling per Pound Weight upon all Black and Duties on Singlo Tea consumed in Great Britain, and for grant- "rea* ing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America, for a Time to be limited, upon such Indemnification to be made in, respect thereof by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4, 1. 38. To leave out " Twenty."

Pr. 5, 1. 7. To leave out " Annual."

And the said Amendments Were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And (hat the Title be. An Act for taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight upon all Black and Singlo Teas consumed in Great Britain, and for granting a Draw- hack upon the Exportation of Teas to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America, for a Time to be limited, upon fuchlndemnification to be made in respect thereof by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned; for permitting the Exportation of Teas, in smaller Quantities than in One Lot to Ireland, or the said Do-, minions in America;and for preventingTeas seized and

condemned from being consumed in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Air. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Con- ’*

currence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the Ilotife Private upon this Day Sevennight, to proceed upon any private Bufinei* Business after Two of the Clock. 1

Air. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Ad- Printing dresses of Thursday lall, That His Majesty would be gra; ‘crta|" ciously pleased to order a Sum, not exceedingTen thousand Pounds, to be advanced towards defraying the '

Expence of printing One thousand Two hundred and Fifty Copies of such Parliamentary and other Records, as His Majesty shall think fit; and also,tho Sum Of Five thou land Pounds, to be advanced to Thomas Tynvhitt,

5N ' Lfquire,

Private

iufincfs.

Lamack’s

Nat.

Supply Bill; American Duties.

Trade of

the

Kk«f Man.

Toft Office Revenue.

Bupphr Bill; Duties on Logwood, ICC.

4*4

18 — 29® yunit.

A. 1767.

Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with a proper Index thereto; and also the Expence of reprinting the Journals and Reports of this House, with the Indexes to the said Journals; had been presented to His Majesty, and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till this Day Seven-night, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Lun<e> 2 90;

Anno 7* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, as relate to certain Duties on Silks, printed, painted, or Rained, in Great Britain j for granting a Duty upon the Exportation of such Rice as shall have been imported Duty free, in pursuance of an Act made in this Session of Parliament; and for more effectually preventing the Wear of foreign. Lace and Needle-Work, which are prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Regulating for regulating the Proceedings of certain Public Companies, and Corporations, carrying on Trade or Dealings with Joint Stocks, in respect to the declaring of corporation. Dividends: and for further regulating the Qualification of Members for voting in their respective General Courts; without an Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act East India for regulating certain Proceedings of the General Company. Courts of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indieswithout any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

THE House being moved, in pursuance of the Order of Monday last, that Leave be given to move the House, this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House, this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Bnfiness may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

The Lord Carysfortreported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Sophia Magdalen Lamack, an Infant, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refoh.ed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Carysfort do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr. Montagu.:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America;for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Culloms upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China EarthenWare exported to America, and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantation^ without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for encouraging and regulating the Trade and Manufactures of the Ijle of Man, and for the more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, authorized by an Act, made in this Session, to be transported to the said Island; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending certain Laws relating to the Revenue of the Poll Office; and for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Ijle of Man, and within that llland; Without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for discontinuing the Duties on Logwood exported; for taking off the Duties on Succus Liquoritiae imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for explaining such Parts ol lwo Acts, made in the Tenth '

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Royal Aflbj Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Bilk. AEts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to several public and private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, the Duke of Grafton, the Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Houshold, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great , the Lord

Steward of His Majesty’s Houshold; the Earl of mont and the Lord Lovel and Holland, named also in the said Commission; did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills > which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting certain Duties in the Colonies and Plantations in Amfor allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America t and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations:

An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Policies of Assurance; and for reducing the Allowance to be made in respect of the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament, relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs:

An Act for encouraging and regulating the Trad* and Manufactures of the Ijle of Man, and for the more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, authorized, by an Act made in this Session, to be transported to the said Island:

An Act for discontinuing the Duties on Logwood exported; for taking off the Duties on Succus LiquoritiaA 0 imported,

7 Geo. III. 29° Junit. 4x5

imported, and for grantingdthfcrDuties in lieu thereof; Danger of Inteftion thereby; to the granting Liberty Roys! Assent for explaining such Parts of Two Acts, made in the to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of Carohna toBU"* Tenth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and Georgia in America, directly to any Part of as relate to certain Duties on Silks, printed, painted, or South ward of C'tf/>e/7rcj/?m*e,inShips built and navigated stained, in Great Britain; for granting a Duty upon the according to Law; and to the prohibiting the Importa-Exportation of such Rice as shall have been imported tion of Rooks reprinted abroad, and first composed.

Duty free, in pursuance of an Act made in this Session written, and printed, in Great Britain: of Parliament; and for more effectually preventing the An Act to continue so much of an Act, made in the Wear of foreign Lace and Needle-Work, which are Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom: relates to the free Importation of Cochineal, and Indico;

An Act for amending certain Laws relating to the and for allowing the Bounties granted by any Acts of Revenue of the Poll Office; and for granting Rates of Parliament now in being, upon the Exportation of Cora Portage, for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets and Malt, declared, or made for Exportation, and Bar-between Great Britain and the Ijle Of Man, and within ley steeped, and entered at the Excise Office, to be thatlfland: made into Malt for Exportation, before a limited

An Act for regulating the Proceedings of certain Time:

Public Companies and Corporations, carrying on Trade An Act for the better Regulation of the Parish Poor or Dealings W’ith joint Stocks, in respect to the de- Children of the several Parirties therein mentioned daring of Dividends; and for further regulating the within the Bills of Mortality 1

Qualification of Members for voting in their respective An Act for completing the Bridge cross the River General Courts: Thames, from Black Friars, in the City of Ijindon, to

An Act for regulating certain Proceedings of the Ge- the opposite Side in the County of Surrey, and the neral Courts of the United Company of Merchants of Avenues thereto on the London Side; for redeeming England trading to the East Indies :the Tolls on the said Bridge, and on London Bridge -, for An Act to enable His Majesty to put the Customs rebuilding the Goal of Newgate, in the said City; for And other Duties in the British Dominions in America,repairing the Royal Exchange, within the same; for em* and the Execution of the Laws relating to Trade there, banking Part of the North Side of the said River, within under the Management of Commissioners, to be ap- certain Limits; and for further continuing, towards

glinted for that Purpose, and to be resident in the said those Purposes, the Imposition of Six Pence per Chal-ominions: dron, or Ton, of Coals and Culm, imported into the

An Act to amend and enforce the Acts of the Eigh- Port of the said City, established by an Act of the Fifth teenth, Twenty-first, and Thirty-second Years of the and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for Queen Mary; and also for carrying on the new Pave-the more etTeftual preventing the fraudulent Importa- rnents, in the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Pa-tion and wearing of Cambricks and French Lawns: rirties adjacent, and in the Town and Borough of South-

An Act for allowing furtlxer Time for Inrolment of work; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of An Act for improving the Navigation of the Proteilant Purchasers: River Lee, from the Town of Hertford to the Ri-

An Act to enforce, in that Part of Great Britain called ver Thames; and for extending the said Navigation

Scotland, the Execution of an Act of the last Session of to the Flood Gates belonging to the Town Mill, in Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the several the said Town of Hertford:

Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act

granting to His Majesty other Duties upon Houses, of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being, for Windows, and Lights; and for explaining the said the Amendment and Preservation of the public High-Act: ways of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes therein

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to* mentioned: qualify themselves for Offices aftd Employments, and An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One A ft to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, for re-and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted gulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications, Within for other Purposes therein mentioned: the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time An Act to continue and render more effectual feve-

for those Purposes; and to indemirify Members and ral Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads in the Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, Parirties of Kenfmgtcm, Chetjea, and and other

whoso Admissions have been omitted to be stamped, ac- Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlefei-, cording to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft and for lighting and watering the said Roads; and for or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Ad- paving the Street and Highway, and Footways, in Ken-missions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such sington; and for lighting and watching the fame, and Persons as. have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Courts and Alleys adjoining the reto: v

the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and An Act for repairing and widening several Roads

Solicitors: leading from the Town of Ayr, and other Reads

An Act for applying the Money granted in this therein mentioned, in the County of Ayr:

Session of Parliament, for carrying on an additional An Act for erecting a proper and convenient Pier,

Building for a more commodious Passage to the House at the Port of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall, for of Commons, from Saint Margaret's Lane, and Old the better Protection of Ships and Vessels, resorting to Palace Yard: the said Port:

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act An Act for vesting several Lands and Tenements, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George settled and entailed upon William Earl of Radnor, and the Second, for Encouragement of the Acts of Design- his Issue, by the Wills of Jacob, late Viscount ing. Engraving, and Etching, Historical and other fione, and Sir Edward Des Bomerie, Baronet, deceased.

Prints; and for vesting in, and securing to, Jane Ho- inTrnftees, to be sold, and for purchasing and settling garth, Widow, the Property in certain Prints *. other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof; and to

An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, impower the Tenants for Life to make such Leaies as relating to the clandestine Running of uncustomed are therein mentioned:

Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; An Act for confirming a Partition between the Re-

to prevent the clandeiline Running of Goods, and the verendErof/ttus Saunders, Doctor in Divinity, imdMary Vol. 31. hi

.1 t

i i





-I

410 290 yunii. 1767.

Royal Afiint his Wife, and Samuel Royer of I, the Younger, Esquire, to Bi it. an(j Anne, his Wife, of several Estates in the County of Lincoln, and for vesting and settling the fame, to the t’les and on the Trulls contained in their, respective Marriage Settlements, with respect to such Estates; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting the undivided Parts of several Manors, Messuages, Closes, Lands, Tenements, Tolls, and other Hereditaments, in the Counties of and<Northampton) devised by the Will of John Surgeon, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses contained in the said Will:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of/?/* chard Williamjbn, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by fitch Sale, for reimbursing the said Richard the Expences he

has been at in improving the said Estate; and other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting. Part of the settled Estate of Ben- jamin Booth, Efouire, and Jane his Wife, in the Coun-

ty of Salop, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of William Hojkins, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, in Tryftees, to be sold, for discharging Money due upon a Mortgage of his Estate in Kent, called He/henden Kami, and other Debts and Incumbrances; and for settling said Estate called Hethen-den Farm, so dilincumbered, to and for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for Sale of Divers Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of intailed by the Will of Doctor John Bamdeceased, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Cither Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses:

An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Suffer, Surrey, and Kent, Part of the settled Estate of John Esquire, in him, his

Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and for settling the Manor of Knepp, alias Knapp, and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of ,being the Estate of the said John Wicker, of greater Value, in lieu thereof:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Poyntz, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for applying the Remainder of the Money thereby raised, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses to which the said Estates Hood settled; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Susanna Dowding, Widow, in the Counties of Kent and Suffer, in Trustees, to be sold, and for securing the Monies, to be paid for the fame, upon the Trulls, and for the Purposes, in the Act mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of Qround, called Broyle Park, within the Manor of Ringt tier,in the County of An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of blcjby, in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole-Year Lands and Failure Grounds, Half-Year Inclosures, Common Fields, and Common or Heath Ground, in the Parish of , in the County of

Norfolk:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

and Common Fields, Common Meadows Failures, and Commons, within the Manor and Lordship or Parish of Great Oxenden, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for draining and preserving certain FeA Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level,

Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam, otherwise Grant, West, and the Hard Lands of BottijhBul-beck, and Swaffham Prior, East; and for impowering the Governor, Bail ills, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level,to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called 111 veiled Lands:

An Act for inclosing a Piece of Waste Ground, in the Borough and Township oT Kirk by in Kendal, for the Benefit of the Poor; and for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the said Town, and for confirming a Rule, or Order of Aifize, and Order of the High Court of Chancery, relating to the Rates and Assessments to be raised for Relief of the Poor, by the Inhabitants of the said Township, and the Owners of Lands called the Park and:

An Act for dividing a certain Fen called the Haute Hunt re, Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the draining and working certain Coal Mines, in the Manor of Wilne-cote, in the County of Warwick:

An Act to enable Joseph Copley, Esquire, lately called Joseph Moyle, and his Ifl’ue, to take, use, and bear,

the Surname and Arms of Copley, pursuant to the Will of Lionel Copley, Esquire, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Henry Hey man.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Expences of the Forces in North Account America, and the West Indies, from the Y^ear 1756 to j"a the Year 1766, both inclusive; distinguistung each w*# tafia Year: Andalfo,

A particular State of the Expences incurred by Government, on account of the Services performed in America, and the West Indies, respectively, from the Year 1756 to the Year 1766, both Years inclusive; distinguishing each Year; as far as the same Appear in the Navy Office: And also,

An Account of Monies imprefted to the Persons within mentioned, upon their Contrafts for furn'uh-ing His Majesty’s Forces in North America, and the West Indies,with Provisions; and for Coals delivered

to His Majesty’s Garrisons of Louijbourg and Quebec.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and State were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and State do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and State are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till To* morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Aim

W1

\Ucnr

ijlper

Mil

Cfipa

Musi

Hly

Dir*

Tc

r

l


Dukt of 1 St. Albans1 £ihtci.

! America;

New York jl Assembly Suspension

m.

topply B.U 5

, iiaJung Food.

u*

ifr

J

U

id

t 7 ft

India

onipany’s

grtement.

1?

f ipply Bill j Duties on Tea.

7 Geo. III.

3°° Junii — 2° Julii.

Mart is, 30° die;

Anno 70 Georgii III'" Regis, 1767. Prayers.

MR. Whately reported irom the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of George Duke of Saint Albans, in Trustees, for raiiing Money to pay Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Whately do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

M r. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for restraining and prohibiting the 'Governor, Council, and House of Representatives of the Province of Nezo York,until Provision slid.ll have been made for furnishing the King’s Troops with all the Necessaries required by Law, from passing or assenting to any Act of Assembly, Vote, or Resolution, for any other Purpose; with One Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill,-intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; for carrying to the Aggregate Fund, a Sum of Money, which hath arisen by the Two-Sevenths Excise; for impowering His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to permit the Imports tion of any Sort of Corn, or Grain, Duty free, into this Kingdom, for a longer Time than is permitted by any Act of this Session of Parliament; and for obviating Doubts in relation to the Meeting of Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establ idling an Agreement for the Payment of the Annual Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, by the East India Company, in respect of the territorial Acquifttions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies swithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound W eight upon all Black and Singlo Teas consumed in Great Britain ;and for granting a Drawback

upon the Exportation of Teas to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time upon such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof, by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned; for permitting the Exportation of Teas in smaller Quantities than One Lot to Ireland, or the said Dominions in America; and for preventing Teas seized and con-VoL. 31.

417

demnedfrom being consumed in Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing aFund, for the encouraging of the railing and dressing of Hemp and Flax; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intit-tuled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion,. and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Linens $ railing of Hemp, etc.

Mutiny and Deferrion; America.

proceeded to take into Consideration,- America it made by the Lords to the Bill, intitu- Y ni

The House

the Amendment made .....-----

led. An Act for restraining and prohibiting the Gover- Suf^fion nor. Council, and House of Representatives, of the Bill. Province of New York, until Provision shall have been made for furnishing the King’s Troops with all the Necessaries required by Law, from passing or assenting to any Act of Assembly, Vote, or Refolulion, for any other Purpose.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Clause (A.) " Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby " declared to be the true Intent and " Meaning of this Act, that nothing " herein before contained, shall extend,

" or be construed to extend, to hinder,

" prevent, or invalidate, the Choice, Election, or Approbation, of a Speaker of . " the House of Representatives for the " Time being, within the said Colony,

" Plantation, or Province."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment, made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 20 die Julii;

Anno 7* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

S\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Wet Loe. rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ. Wrritfor the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Portpigham, otherwise Wed Loe, in the County of in the room

of Sir William Trelawney, Baronet, who since his Elec-

tion for the said Borough hath accepted the Office of Governor of Jamaica.

Ordered, That the several Books, numbered 7, 8, 9,

1 o, 11 and 12, which were presented to the House upon the 18th Day of May last, by Mr. James, from the East India Company, being the Confutations of the Prefi dent and Council, and also the Proceedings of the Select Committee at Bengalee returned to the said Company.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis -neux. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

5 O Mr.

East India Affairt.

4i 8 2° Julii —

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers.

Royal A (Tent Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to Bill«. (o attend Mis Majesty, in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousandSeven hundred and Sixty-seven; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; for carrying to the Aggregate Fund, a Sum of Mone}r, which hatharifen by the Two-Sevenths Excise; for itnpowering His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to permit the Importation of any Sort of Corn or Grain, Duty free, into this Kingdom, for a longer Time than is permitted by any , Act of this Session of Parliament; and for obviating /. . - Doubts in relation to thq Meeting of Commissioners for

putting in Execution an* Act of this Session for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax:

An Act for taking off the Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight upon ail Black and Singlo Teas consumed in Great Britain;and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Teas to and the'

British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, upon such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof, by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned; for permitting the Exportation of Teas in smaller Quantities than One Lot to Ireland, or the said Dominions in America; and for preventing Teas seized and condemned from being consumed in Great Britain:

An Act for establishing an Agreement for the Payment of the Annual Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, by the India Company, in respect of the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the Indies:

An Act for granting to 11 is Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the Eucouraging of the railing and dressing of Hemp and Flax:

An Act for restraining and prohibiting the Governor, Council, and House ofllepresentatives of the Province of New York, until Provision shall. have been made for furnishing the King’s Troops with all the Necessaries required by Law, from passing or assenting to any Act of Assembly, Vote, or Resolution, for any other Purpose:

An Act for further continuing an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Defcrtion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: ,

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of Duke of Saint Albans, in Trustees, for railing Money to pay Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing Sophia Magdalen Lamack, an Infant.


After which, His Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from tjio ThoRe, to both Houses of Parliament; as followethj viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The King’s The advanced Season of the Year, joined to the Con-' Speech. Adoration of the Inconvenience you ipuft all have felt from so long an Absence from your feyqral Counties, calls upon Me to put an End to the present Session of Parliament, which I cannot do, without returning you My Thanks for your diligent Application to the Publip Business, and the Proofs you have given of your Affection for Me, for My Family, and for My Government: And although, from the Nature and Extefoiveness gf

12

the several Objects under yottr Consideratiott, it could not be expected, that all the great commercial Interests should be completely adjusted and regulated in the Course of this Session, yet I am persuaded, that by the Progressyou have made, a solid Foundation is laid for securing the most considerable and essential Benefits to this.Nation.

As no material Alteration has happened in the State of foreign Affairs since your First Meeting, I have nothing to communicate to you on that Subject. The fixed Objects of all My Measures are to preserve the Peace, and at the same Time, to assert and maintain the Honour of My Crown, and the just Rights of My People.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I thank you for the necessary Supplies which you have so cheerfully granted for the Public Service; and My particular Acknowledgements are due to you, for the Provision you have enabled Me to make for the more honourable Support and Maintenance of My Family.'

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The great Attention which you have shewn to the particular Purpose for which I called you so early together, and the very wholesome Laws polled for relieving My Subjects from the immediate Distress which the great Scarcity of Corn threatened to bring upon them, give Me the most fcniible Pleasure. I rely upon you for the Exertion of your utmost Endeavours to convince My People, that no Care has been wanting to procure for them every Relief which has been possible; and that their grateful Sense of Provisions so wifely made for their present Happiuefs and lasting Prosperity cannot be so fully expressed, as by a strict Observance of that Order and Regularity, which are equally necessary to the Security of all good Government, as well as to their owa real Welfare.

After which the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty’s Command, said:

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliafl&'j Parliament be prorogued to Monday the Thirty-first prorajui Day of Augajl next, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Monday the Thirty-first Day of August next.

Luna?, 310 die

Anno 70 Georgii IIIm Regis, 1767.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Pro- PaAmmi 1 rogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country; '

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Cox, Deputy Gentleman Ulber of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate. Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read,

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Wednesday the 7th Day of October next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Wednesday , the 7 th Day of October next,

c.oogie

4*9


7

OQlj

>h

fe il.

Jio;

list} Sttt Parliament

JlSt; further

Ti prorogued.

ctfo w < Jlj

11 b? <1 Mr

iirfe mrni

.*;t,

«»St

7 Geo. III.

7° OBobris.

? (*»'* 51, J?

ice SI/ are i; iTiJfe l;k t k itOri; itkV tfiiW

fct5:'

Dr-

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the "Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read;

THE House being met, pursuant to the Iafl Pro- for the further proroguing of the Parliament until rogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country; Tuesday the 24th Day of November next; and the A Mefl’age was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday Cox, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: the 24th Day of next.

Mercurii, 70 die OBobris y

Anno 7* Georgii IIIU1 Regis, 1767.

\ui

(V

iCf"’

til'.'

1 sP

rf(ru’ "

Yol. 31.

Hcfip

to attend th^King.

Member# take Oaths*

Outlawries

Bill.

The King9# Speech reported.

[ 421 ]

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE (/COMMONS.

SdT. 1767 — 8.

a

Mar thy 240 die Novembris;

A

Anno 8* Georgii in'*1 Regis, 1767.

MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneuxt Gentleman Umer of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to at* tend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned,

Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subseibed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes: And such of the said Members as are, by Law, required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandeiline Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Bcfolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr. Speaker said he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have chosen to call you together at this Season of the Year, that My Parliament might have fullTime for their Deliberations upon all such Branches of the Public Service as may require their immediate Attention; without the Necessity of continuing the Section beyond the Time moil suitable to My People for the Election of a new Parliament: And I doubt not but you will be careful, from the said Considerations, to avqid in your Proceedings all unnecessary Delay.

Nothing in the present Situation of Affairs Abroad givesMeReal’on to apprehend, that you will be prevent-

Vol.V*

ed,by any Interruption of the Public Tranquillity, from fixing your whole Attention upon such Points as concern the internal Welfare and Prosperity of My People.

Among these Objects of adomeftic Nature, none can demand a more speedy or more serious Attention, than what regards the high Price of Corn; which neither the

ialutary Laws paired in the last Session of Parliament,' nor the Produce of the late Harvest, have yet been able so far to reduce, as to give sufficient Relief to the Dif-tresses of the poorer Sort of My People. Your late Residence in your several Countries mult have enabled you to judge whether any further Provision can be made, conducive to the Attainment of so delirable an bind.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I will order the proper Officers to lay before you the Estimates for the Service of the ensuing Year.

The Experience I have had of your constant Readi-ness to grant Me all such Supplies as should be found necessary for the Security, Interest, and Honour of the Nation (and I have no other to ask of you) renders it unnecessary for Me to add any Exhortations upon this Head: And I doubt not but the same Public Confi-' derations will induce you to persevere, with equal Alacrity, in your Endeavours to diminish the National Debt; while, on My Part, no Care shall be wanting to contribute, as far as possible, to the Attainment of that most eftential Object, by every frugal Application of such Supplies as you shall grant.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Necessity of improving the present general Tranquillity to the great Purpose of maintaining the Strength the Reputation, and the Prosperity of this Country, ought to be ever before your Eyes. To render your Deliberations for that Purpose successful, endeavour to cultivate a Spirit of Harmony among yourselves. My Concurrence in whatever will promote the Happiness of My People you may always depend upon: And in that Light I shall ever be deftrous of encouraging Union among all those who with well to their Country.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to HisMa 0a the jesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House sp*c*' for His most gracious Speech from the Throne;

To acknowlege His Majesty’s Goodness, and Attention to the Convenience of His People, in calling His Parliament together at this Time; and to allure His Majesty, that we will endeavour to improve the Opportue

5 P ttity

422

240 No^bmh

A. 1767,

Address on the

nity wWeb the present happy S&rte of Peace and Trail'-Y. , t quillity affords, by exerting our utmost Abilities in the mgs pee* prosecution of such Measures as may moll effectually promote the Public Welfare and Prosperity._,

Tfcfat \|S? are equally' fonfible of Majesty’apateriial Care^iu/he Measures already taken by His Majesty tio allewate the Distresses of the Poor; and of Iirs Royal Wifcftwi^n recommending the same irrterefting and important Object to the Consideration of His Parliament; and that we will not fail to take into our mo It Attentive. x Deliberation all fuchMeafures asshall appear conducive to the Accomplishment of that great and moll dclirable End

at wewiH endea'voffrto improve (tie Opportunity which the present happy State of Peace and Tranquillity affords, by exerting our utmost Abilities in the Profecu-tionoffuefeMeafiAcs a&jpay moftjefifectually promote the rftiblic Welfare and Frofperity.

That we are equally sensible of His Majesty’s paternal Care* in the Measures already takegby: His Majesty to

----- , talfeiijyjr: ..

alleviate the DistrelleS of the Poor; and of His Royal Wisdom, in recommending the same intereliiilg and important Object to the Consideration of His Parliament; and^liht we will not fail to take into our moll attentive Deliberation all such Measures as shall appear con-_ duciye to the Accoijjpplishment ot tfeat grjeat and moil

Tb congtntula|fe ^[is Majesty on the late kncrcafc of defirallte^End.; ./ ' } \

His Roy eA family- fey the'Birth of a Prince; toii to af- Toc6pP^atulafeSis Majesty on the late Increase of

sure His Majesty that we regard as an Addition to the His Roy id Family, by the Birth of a Prince; and to af-Happiness and Welfare of this Nation every Increase of sure His Majesty that we regard as an Addition to the that illultrious House, under whose mild'ftndanlpieious Happiness and Welfare ofthisNation, every Increase of Government our Religious and Civil Liberties have been that illustrious I louse, under whole mild and auspicious so Ifappily maintained and protected. N ourReligious and Civil Liberties have been

That it is*therefore with equal Grief and Anxiety* so happily maintained andqarotected.

That it is therefore with equal Grief and Anxiety we

we fetleft on the late untimely Loss of His Majesty’s Royal Brother, the Duke of York; whose early and ready Zeal in his Country’s Ganfe-ftiewedr him: worthy of the heroic Race he sprang from; and w'hose amiable Virtues, in the more private Scenes of Life, must ever make his Memory dear to all who had the Happiness of approaching him. f ’ '

To assure His Majesty, that this House will, with a Zeal and Alacrity becoming the Representatives of aft &ffe6fionate and grateful People, readily grant fftchSupplies as shall be requisite for the Support of Flis Majesty’s Government, for advancing the Honour and Iri-terest of this Country, and effectually providing for the publib Safety.

Arid that our Regard to His Majesty’s Recommendation, as well as the indispensa'ble Duty we owe to those whom we represent, will make u$ earnestly attentive to

reflect on the late untimely Loss of His Majesty’s Royal Brothery tho Duke of Yorkwhofe early-and ready Zeal in his Country’s Cause shewed him worthy of the heroic Race he sprang from; and whose amiable Virtues in the more private Scenes of Life, must ever make’his Memory, dear to.alj who had the Happiness of approaching him/ ....

To allure His Mi\j£sty^tluit this iloufe will, with a Zeal and Alacrity becoming the Representatives of an affectionate and grateful People, readily grant fuchSup-pliesas shall be reqtriftte jbr the Support ofliis Majesty’s Government, for advancing the ilouour and Interest of this Country, and effectually providing for the public Safety. ....

And. that our Regard to His Majesty’s Recommendation, as well as the indispensable Duty we owe to those

the great Obfeft of diminishing the National £)ebt; being whom we represent, will make ns earnestly attentive to

convinced that nothmgean so effectually tend to add real Lustre and Dignity to His Majesty’s Government* or to give solid and permanent Strength to these Kingdoms.

That with these Views, and in these Sentiments, we will endeavour, with the utmost Unanimity and Dispatch, to promote the public Service, and tp deserve, by our fmcere and unwearied Labours for thegeijeralGood, that Confidence which,it has pleased His Majesty to re-pose in us; not doubting of His Majesty’s gracious Dif-polition to confirm and perfect what our true Zeal may suggest, for the lasting Adyantage and Happiness of ELis People;

The House was moved, that His Majesty’s most grandpas Speech, to both Houses of Parliament, upon Thursday the 2d Day of July, in the last Session of Parliament, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly,

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question,hyiiiferting, aftei* the Words " most desirable Eiid, " Hide Words, u And to assure His Majesty, that, sensible of Firs'paternal ant! affectionate Concern for the Welfare kitd Prosperity. of His People, we will immediately apply ourselves to the further Consideration of the most proper Methods for assisting and encouraging the Manufactures of His Majesty’s Kingdom, and for preserving, extending, and improving its fordgn^Trade -

And ^i’e ^feieftion bein£‘ put, That those Words be there infected.;

the great Object of dimiriishing the National Debt; be-ingconvinced that nothing can so effectually tend to add real Lustre and Dignity to His Majesty’s Government or to give solid and permanent Strength to these Kingdoms.

That with these.Views, and in these Sentiments, we Will erideavour, with the utmost Unanim ity and Dispatch, to promote the Public Service, and to deserve, by our frhtere and unwearied Labours for the general Good, that Confidence Which it has pleased His Majesty to re-prose in us; not doubting of His Majesty’s gracious Dif-position to confirm and perfect what our true Zeal may suggest, for the lasting Advantage and Happiness of His People;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution: -

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Bcauckampy Mr. Secretary Como ay, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Nicholson Cat-vert, Lord Clare, Mr. Alderman Bechford, Mr. Thomas Tfiionjlieiid, Junior, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Tre&furer of the *Household, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Stanley, ~\lr. PryfcCa??i()beIl, Mr. Attorney-General, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Diflau^ Mr. Cooper, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Jenkinson, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Burrell; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, of this Day, be rmefrea to the said CoTftmittee.;

It pafled1jri the Negative.

\ Then the muiii Question being put; Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

- ReJo1^ft*T\xst 2lh humble address be presented to His the Clerk of the Crowm, to make out a new Writ for Majesty, tb return His Majesty the Thanks of this House the electing ofaBtirgefs to a serve in this present Parjia-for His most gracious Speech from the Throne. mentfbrthe Borough of Banbury, in the County of 0> r-

To acknowledge His Majesty’sGoodtitefs, and Atten- ford, in the rQom of the Right honourable Frederick tion to the Cohvenience t# His People, in calling His North, commonly called Lord North, who, since his Parliament'together at HiisTitne; and to assure HisMa* Election for the said Borough, hath accepted V -1 jl 8 k

Ban’ll vf \Vriu

0

8 Geo.JII.

£4° N&vembris*

4^3

tif Chancellor and Under Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and of One of the Commissione’rs' for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

City of Ldndon attended at the were called

in; and, at the Bar, presented to‘theLIbufe,*’ ?.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Alderrtien, and Commons, of the City of Lbridon, in Common Council at fembledi ‘

High Price of

Provisions

Liverpool

Writ.

GreatBedwin

Writ.

Clifton Writ*

Harwich

Writ.

Glamorgan

Writ.

Monmouth Writ.

Highways

and

Turnpike

Roads.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in the room of Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That*Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make put a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Redz&in, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Thomas Cotes, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon, in the room of Richard Hopkins, Esquire, who, since his Election for the friid Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Clerks Comptrollers of his Majesty’s Household.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Townjkend, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to.make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this preleut Parliament for the County of Glamorgan, in the room of Sir Edmond Thomas, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffite his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for ,the Borough of Monmouth, in the County of Monmouth, in the room of Benjamin Bathurjt, Esquire, deceased.

Resolved, Nomine Contradicente, That thisHouse will. Tomorrow Morning,’ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions.

The House was moved, that an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And also,

An Act; made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to explain and amend the said Acts: And that Mr. On-Jlow, Mr. Thomas Tozvn/hend, Junior, Mr Gilbert, Mr. Fuller, the Lord Clare, Sir Francis Vincent I Colonel Onslow, Mr. Befi, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gray, and' Mr. Lewis, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The I louse being ^informed, that the Sheriffk of She VoL.'gJ,

And then they withdrew.\ ’v;v'4* \%ifr

And the said Petition was read; Setting 'so'rth^Tl5^ the present high Prices of Grain, and all other Softs of PVovisions, particularly in the Metropolis, forcibly caH upon the Petitioners, humbly tb foliCit the ‘earheu Attention of the House to the Distresses of the iuduftribiik Poor, whose Situation, whilst it excites Compaffiop fbt the immediate Suflferetsvtaunot but faife the Apprehqfffions of the Legifliature for the Oonfeqtfences thereof to the Manufactures,’ Trade, and Populations andult}-mately to the Landed Interest, of Gveitt Britdinj' and that the Petitioners most gratefolly/acTcnciwiedgi^.Vhh Wisdom and Goodness of Parliament, in the Acts paflfoS. last Session for prohibiting the Exportation, and Allowing the free Importation^ of Corn and Grain, ants *(m Part) rdtraitiing the Distillery; humbly trusting, thWt the House will be of Opinion, not to fufifer those fahi-tary Regulations to exp ire. Until the Produce of the next Year’s Harvest shall be clearly known, and the poor Manufhdurer, and Labourer, secure of Bread, at moderate Price. That the Dearness of Flesh Meat, Fifff, and other Necessaries, at this'Time, seem (in the Judg^ ment Of the Petitioners) also to require some speedy arid effectual Relief; and therefore they submit it to the Wisdom of the House, whether the Deficiency therein arising, partly from former Calamitic.%’hot yet repaired, ought not, during the present Exigency, to be sup plied by a* free Importation. That the Petitioners truth the House (after providing some immediate Relief for tfft present urgent Necefiities) will turn their Thoughts tb more lading and exterifive Regulation^, which: (as far as human Wifdotn can) may prevent She like DifReuF-ties for the future. The Petitioners think it a Duty iri-cumlyeUt on them, humbly to lay bcfdre the House such Considerations as have occurred to them on this important Subj^dt. In the First Place, the Petitioners humbly conceive, That, although a moderate'Bounty on the Exportation of Corn apd Gi*ain,!m Tj^iCs of great Plenty and Cheapriefs, may be a wife arid necessary Encouragement to the Cultivation and Itibreafe thereof, and the present Bounty has, in Fast, madd them cheaper than they were before (some few unfavourable Seatons only excepted); and* afthotigh the Exportation of 6iit Surplus appears a neCeflary and highly beneficial Trade to the Nation in general; yet, as the Cpnfumption of Wheat is become much more generallyiVhih this Kingdom fmce the Commencement of’th^ Bounty,1 tlw Petitioners chiiOerve it might 'nOW bt ^dod Policy to reduce' the hrgheft Bounty Pride thereof to a more moderate Sum; and it appears probable to* the Petitioners, that if the Bounty haddome Years ago been limited to what has been the average Price since the Year 1688, it might have preserved to this Country all the Wheat wffiieh has been exported at the intermediate Prices, and all the Money that has bddn paid to replace it with foreign Corn of a much inferior Quality. Secondly, That the Acts relating to the Bounty are'defective, in not expressly restraining it to Grain of the Growth of this Kingdom, the Exporters from the Out Ports (Ber« wick upon Txceedxndy excepted) not being called upon to make any Proof thereof; whereby the Intentions of Parliament may, in some rheafure; hive been fruitrated, and the Public Revenue defrauded. Thirdly, That the present Method of ascertaintng the Bounty Price ilfo appears defective in several Particulars, which (in the Port of London at least) might be remedied, by taking the dverage Priced as Weekly returned upon Oath to the: Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the faiij City. Fourthly,'That the Market llours not being fixed1 by Law;* gives undu^ Advantages to speculative

' ‘ ‘ ' *J' aiiti

4^4 24* — 25°

and designing Men, and tends to enhance the Price of the Neoeflaries of Life, to the Consumer. Fifthly, That the present Regulations in the Assize of Bread fcem highly disadvantageous to the Poor, who, as the Petitioners humbly conceive, might be supplied cheaper, and better, if only one Sort of Bread was made assize-able. Sixthly, That the great Increase in the Breed of Horses (owing partly to the growing Practice of em-( ploying them, instead of Oxen, in Tillage, and partly to the great Demands from Abroad), has greatly contributed to diminish the Number of Cattle for Slaughter, and necessarily tends to enhance the Price thereof, which, the Petitioners apprehend, might be corrected, by a Duty upon the Exportation of Horses, and a small Bounty upon Jthe Use of Oxen in Tillage. Seventhly,

That the Scarcity of grownCattle, and consequently the

Deamefs of Flelli Meat, are still further increased by the unlimited Destruction of Ewe Lambs, and Cow-Calves, in all Seasons of the Year, merely to gratify the unreasonable Appetite of the Rich and Luxurious. Eighthly, That the prevailing Practice of consolidating small farms not only tends to render many Articles of Provision and Consumption scarce, but must, in Time, depopulate the Country of its moil useful Inhabitants, by depriving the industrious Poor both of Labour and Habitation. Lastly, that the misguided and often ill-grounded Resentment of the common People, in Times of Public Calamity (by prompting them to destroy Mills, Com, and other Provisions, and to obstruct the Removal of the latter from one Place to another), is not only an Injury to their Fellow Subjects, but also to themselves, by aggravating the very Evils they complain of; and therefore, for their Sakes, as well as that of the Public, ought to be timely and effectually prevented, or suppressed: And therefore praying the House, to take these important Matters into their moil serious Consideration, and to provide such Remedies as their respective Natures shall appear to require, or admit; and such as the House shall judge confident with the real and permanent Interests of the whole Kingdom.

High Wee A Petition of the May or and Burgesses of the Borough

ofProvision*. of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, was also presented to the House, and readj Complaining of the Distresses which the Poor in general labour under from the Deamefs of Corn, and all other Provisions; and like-wife representing to the House, That the Price of Wool is of late Years greatly increased upon the Manufacturer: And praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration; and provide such Remedies for the Distresses of the Poor as shall be thought most prudent and fitting.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 25* die j

Anno 8* Georgii III114 Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

Armondeftiafti _ _ __ _ , _

Writ. Y\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his

rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Agmondesham, in the County of Buckingham, ii^ the room of Sir Benct Garrard, Baronet, deceased.

Novembris. . 4-1

A Petition.of the Mayor, Magistrates, Common Coun- Rjgh cil-Men, Merchants, Manufacturers, and principal In- °')vifiwk habitants of the City of Norwich, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Distresses which the Poor in general labour under from the Deamefs and Scarcity of Corn, and all other Necessaries of life:

And praying the House to grant such Relief as may be thought necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account*; Account of the Quantities of Wheat, Wheat-flour, Corn, Ac. and other Species of Grain and Pulse, imported into Great Britain, from any Part of Europe or Africa, since the ill Day of January 1767, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Quantities imported in each Month, and the several Places from whence the same W ere imported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Wheat and Wheat-flour, imported into Great Britain, from any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America, since the ill Day of January 1767, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Quantities imported in each Month, and the Colonies from whence the same were imported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Rice, Sago, Powder, and Vermicelli, imported into Great Britain, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, together with an Account of what Quantity has been exported since the 4th Day of May 1767, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing thfc Colonies from whence the same w ere imported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, imported from Ireland into Great Britain, since the ill Day of January 1767, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Tallowy Hogs Lard, and Grease, imported, into Great Britain, since the 25th Day of March 1767, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Quantities imported in each Month.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of salted Fish imported into Great Britain, from America, and exported from hence, since the ill Day of January 1767, as far as the same can be made up.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the Black Friai* City of London attended at the Door; they were called Bridge

it; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Road*

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, the Petitioners were impowered to build a Bridgecross the River Thames from Black Friars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side, in the County of Surrey, and to make several Avenues thereto; and that by another Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, they were enabled to complete the find Bridge and the Avenues thereto, on the London Side/, and that the Works of the said intended Bridge are now in such Forwardnefc as to give Hopes that a Passage over the fame, for Carriages, may be opened some Tiirie in the ensuing Summer; but, to render the same of moil public Utility, it will be necessary to make a new Road, or Roads, from the South End of the said Bridge, to

communicate


Grand

Committees.

Committee

of

Privileges

and

Elections.

8 Geo. III. Novembris. . 425.

communicate with the Two great Turnpike Roads, the One leading from Neivington Butts, in the County of Surrey, to the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the other leading from Kenning ton Common, in the same County, to the City of Westminster s and also, to make, widen, and improve, several other Communications between Black Friars Bridge, London Bridge, and Westminster Bridge: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for carrying on the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fi{ every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do iit every ThurJ'day in the Afternoon, in the I Ioufe.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections be appointed:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Sir AnthonyAbdy, Mr. Amcotts, Sir JohnAnftruther, General A'Court, Sir George Armytage, Mr. Bagot, Sir William B,aker, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Colonel Barre, Lord Barrington, Mr. Barrow, Sir Edward Bayntun, Lord Bateman, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Sir Robert Bernard, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Bond, Mr. Bejt, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Boulton, Sir Piercy Brett, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Burke, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Burt, Mr. Byde, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Lord Cat her lough, Lord Carysfort, Sir Thomas Cave, Lord George Cavendish, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Lord John, Cavendish, Mr. Champion* Mr. Cholmlcy/WlY. Cholmondeley, Mr. Cocks, Sir William Codring ton. Sir George Colebrooke, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Cooper,$\Y John Ilynde Cotton, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Co nils, Mr. Craven, Mr. Cijt, Mr. Darker, Mr. DeGrey, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Dempjter, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Elliot, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Erver, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir Samuel Fludyer, Mr. Foliver eau, Mr. Foley, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Garlh, Mr. Gascoyne, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Glover, Sir Richard Glyn, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gray, Marquis of Granby, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Harbord. Dr. IIay, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Heicjett, Mr. Hujjey, Mr. Hujke, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Jcmjns, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Keck, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Robert Ladbr'oke, Sir Matthew Lamb, General Lambton, Mr. Ldfcelles, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Limvood, Sir James I Another, M t! Lull red,' Sir John Major, Mr. Martin, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Sir William Maynprd, Mr. Mellish, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Lord Mountfiuart, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Nortliey, Sir Fletcher Norton, Chloric I Nugent, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Ofivald, Lord Orwell, Sh: John Palmer, Mr. Parker, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Pturner, Mt. Popham, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Prescott, Sir William Beau-bhninp Proctor, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Ryder, Lord George Sackville, Sir George Savile, Mr.; Sandys; Mr. Seymour, Mx. Shiffner, Sir Javrit Smith, Mr. Smith, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Staunton, Lord Strange, Mr. Sullivan, Lord Thomond, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Thrale, Mr. Thurlow, Mr'.' Toucfiet, Mr. Tucker, Sir Chaples Kemys Tynte, Mr.-Vanfttart, Lord Vemey, SirFrancis Vincent/ Mr. Upton, Mr. Waljh, Mr Weddell): M r. Ward, ‘Mr, "West, Mr fWliately, Sir Armine Wctdekoiijc, Nlv I Whit worth, Mr. White, Mr. Which col, Mr. . Willoughby, Mr. Wood, Mr. Wedderbuni, Sir Edtvard'Winnirigloii, Mr. Wynn, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Jdlhi Torke: And they* arh to meet upon Friday Seven-at Five Of thb Clock in thf Afternoon, in the Shaker’s Chamber and to fit cycyx, Monday, Wednesday,

and Friday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns, in the first Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons who will quellion any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and so withinFourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Powder to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Twro or more Places, are to make their Election by thisDayThree Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Ques-tionupon the Return for that Place: And if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to with- draw during the Time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right usual to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to Orden. serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House, will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the faipe is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House w ill proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or. any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed either by the House, or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House or the said Committee,deliver to the Sitting Members or their Agents, Lifts of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Culiody 5 Q any

TJfual

Orders.

426

2 50 Novetnbris.

A. 1767*

any Stranger or Strangers that he shall fee, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber, every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, w hile the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, ‘that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Westmivsler Hall, Audi be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Hally or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise therein, or thereabouts.

O/rleredy Thai the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House 4o take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Per-fou appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays

Ordercdy That the said Orders be sent to the Postmaster General.

Ordered, that when any Letter or Packet directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordercdy That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null ai*d void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for private Bills after the 16 th Day of January next.

The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee Address appointed Yelterday to draw up an Address to be pre- Kino°"st^c, fented to His Majesty, that the Committee had drawn 1 1>ccc up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the Iioufc; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same wras read; and is as folio wet h; viz,

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of(?rc^5r//a//i,in Parliament assembled, return Your Majesty our most humble Thanks for Your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

We beg Leave most gratefully to acknowledge Your Majesty’s Goodness, and Attention to the Convenience of Your People, in calling Your Parliament together at this Time; and to assure Your Majesty, that we will endeavour to improve the Opportunity which the present happy State of Peace and Tranquillity affords, by exerting our utmost Abilities in the Prosecution of such Measures as may most effectually promote the Public Welfare and Prosperity.

We are equally sensible of Your Majesty’s Paternal Care, in the Measures already taken- by Your Majesty to alleviate the Distresses of the Poor; and of Vouyf Royal Wisdom, in recommending the same interesting and important Object to the Confide rat ion of Vour Parliament; and we will not fail to take into our moli attentive Deliberation, all such Measures.as fooll aj>i pear conducive to the Accompli foment of that great and most defirabie Eud.

It is with unfeigned Joy that wre presume to offer our Congratulations to Your Majesty on the late Incteafo of Your Royal Family, by the Birth of a Prince; and to assure Your Majesty that we regard as au Addition to the Welfare and 1 iappineft of this Nation, every In* crease of that illustrious House, under wfoofe mild and auspicious Government our Religious, and Civil Liber-

uxeepted, e^nftantly attend from Ten of the Clock in ties have been so happily maintained and protected, the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two And it is with equal Grief and Anxiety that we Hours, at the ieaft, immediately after the rising of the reffect on the late untimely Loss of Your Majesty’^ House; and also from Five of the Clock in the After- Royal Brother, the Duke of York; whose early and uqon till Seven; at the Place appointed for the Delivery ready Zeal in his Country’s Cause foewed him worthy-of the said Infers; and take ,care, during, his Stay of the heroic Race he sprang from; and whose arn^ t here, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going ________ ________

away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; ing the Representatives of an affectionate and grateful; and that no’Letter be delivered but within the Hours People, readily grout such Supplies as shall be requisite> aforesaid. for th? Support of Your Majesty’f Governmeitf*. fot

v -ti advancing

able Virtues, in the more private Scenes, of Life, muff ever make his Memory dear to ajl who had they Happiness of approaching him.

We beg Leave most humbly to assure Your Majesty^ that this House will, with a Zeal todAfacrity becon£

Congratulations to the Queen on the Birth of a Princofs.

The King’s Speech to be tonfidered.

Privilege.

ftigh Price of

Provisions.

8 Geo. III.

advancing the Honour and Interest of this Country, and effectually providing for the Public Safety.

And that our Regard to Your Majesty’s Recommendation, as well as the indispensable Duty we owe to t.hose whom we represent, will make us earnestly attentive to the great Object of diminishing the National Debt;, being convinced that nothing can so effectually tend to add real Lustre and Dignity to Your Majesty’s Government, or to give solid and permanent Strength to these Kingdoms.

With these Views and in these Sentiments, we will endeavour, with the utraoft Unanimity and Dispatch, to promote the Public Service, and to deserve, by our fmcere and unwearied Labours for the General (▼ood, that Confidence which it has pleased Your Majesty to repose in us; not doubting of Your Majesty’s gracious Disposition to confirm and perfect what our true Zeal may suggest, for the lading Advantage and Happiness of Your People.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Address, by inserting after the Words <c most desirable End:" thele Words <c And we will apply ourselves to fuchMeafures as may most effectually tend toftrength-en and establish, through all Your Majesty’s extensive Dominions, the just Rights and Prerogatives of Your Majesty’s Crown, and the conditutional Authority and Supremacy of Parliament."

And the (iueftion being put. That those Words be there infer ted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Address was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said'Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, rOiat such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Mod honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

‘ Refok^ed, *Netnine Contradicente, That a Message be sent to Her Majesty, with the fmcere and hearty Congratulations of this House, on Her Majesty’s happy Delivery, and on the joyful OccafiOii of the Birth of a Fourth Prince; and to assure her Majesty of the very dutiful Part which they take in this Event, which not only inCrekfes Her Majesty’s domed re Felicity, but is also an additional Security to the Protestant Succession in His Majesty’s illtrdrious House, the Source of so many Blefllngs happily enjoyed by this Country.

Resolved, That Lord Percy, Colonel Nugent, Sir James Lowther, Sir William Codrington, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Fitzviaurice, Captain Elliot, Mr. Foley, and Mr. Willoughby, do attend her Majesty with the said Mef-sage.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Complaint being offered to be made to the House, of a printed Paper, as containing seditious and dangerous Doctrine, and in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

And a Debate arising in the House, concerning the Orders of the House touching the Manner in which such Complaints ought to be received;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. O/flow took the Chair of the Committee.

V01r. 31*

427

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Oujlow reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr, Onflozv also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-' ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Acts passed in the lait Sefiiou of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions:

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

JovtS) 26° die Novembris'>

Anno 8° Georgii IIIU1 Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, Coventry of the City of Coventry, under their common *to Seal, in Common Council assembled, and of the several canaL*1* Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the City and County of the City of Coventry, and the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by a Survey lately taken, that a Cut, or Canal, for the Navigation of Boats, and other Vessels, with heavy Burthens, may be carried from Gosford Green, near the City oiCoven* try, and by or near Wykin, Folejhill, and Exhall, in the County of the said City; and also by or near Bedworth,

Chikers. Coton, Nuneaton, Atherstone, Grindon, Poles-worth, and Tamworth, in the County of Wurwick j and Ronehill, Hoppas, Tartihom, Whittington, and Strecthay, to Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, there to communicate with the navigable Canal now completing from the River Trent, at or near WUden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Merferj; and that the making the said navigable Cut, or Canal, from the said City o{Coventry, with Communications to and with the respective Collieries, and Delphs of Coal, lying hear the projededCourse thereof, will -be of great public Utility:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said navigable Cut or Canal, from the said City of Coventry by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Lezois, Mr. Bejt, Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Dodd, Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Drake, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Ryder, Mr. Secretary Conway, Sir Roger Nezvdigate, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sr Piercy Brett, General Harvey,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Knight, Mr. Ashbumham, Mr. Bull\

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Buller, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

Jjowndesp Mr. Onslow, Mr. Buffett, Mr. Bindley, Mr,

Methiion, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Martin, Mr. Calvertf Mr. Wedderbum, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Townshend,

Mr. Blackstone: and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, Derby, Northampton,

JLeicester, Worcester, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber*

250 — 2 6° Novembris.

428 0,6° Navenibris. ' ‘

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Shuttiewnrtii’s A Petition of James Shuttleworth, Esquire, Second lumc. Soil of James Shuttleworth, of Ajton upon Trent, in' the County of Derby, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Robert Holden, of Ajton upon Trent, in the County of Derby, Esquire, by his

Will, dated the Twenty-eighth Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-two, gave and devised all those the Manors, Lands, and Tenements, which b}T his Marriage Articles were agreed to be settled upon his Wife for her life, and all other his Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of what Nature or Kind loever, unto Trullees, upon Trull, to divide and pay One Moiety or Half of the Rents and Profits <of the said Premises unto his Son-in-law James Shuttle-zcorth, Esquire, during the joint Lives of himself, his Wife, and Richard Shuttleworth, Esquire, his Father; and the other Moiety thereof, unto his Daughter, Mary Shuttleworth, for and during the Term of her natural Life; and, as the aforesaid several Estates and Interests shall determine, he gave and devised all and singular the aforesaid Manors and Premises unto the Second Son of the Body of his Son James Shuttleworth, on the Body of his Daughter to be begotten, and the Heirs Male of the Ikxly of such Second Son, lawfully issuing, with divers Remainders over; and in the said\Vill is contained a Proviso, that the Petitioner, and others who shall take byvirtue of the Limitations in his Will contained, shall, from and after he or they dial I have attained their re-' ? inebtive Ages of Twenty-one Years, and be in Poflef-

' lion of all or any Part of the aforesaid Premises so by

him devised, assume and take upon him or themselves the Arms and Surname of Holden only: And that the said Richard Shuttleworth died some Time in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine: And that the Petitioner hath attained his Age of Twenty-one Years, and is willing and delirous to take upon him the Surname and Arms of Holden only, pursuant to the said Will, and by the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring

iu a Bill to enable the Petitioner and his Issue to take and use the Surname and Arms of Holden only, pursuant to the Will of Robert Holden, Esquire* deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the fend Petition: And that Sir Roger New digale and Mr. Foley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Severn A Petition of George Burrish, Nicholas Smith/and, Droir’wich ^m!^dett, John Browne, Esquires, John IVallj

Canal. Doctor of Phylic, Edward Bearcroft, Thomas HolbccJie, It illiam Romney, James Walker, Richard Phillips, and Hugh Bennett, Gentlemen, Henry Roberts, and Humfrey Patrice, Clerks, Rupert Dovcy, and Richard Norbury9\ Esquires, James Nafii, Thomas Waldron, and Richard Roberts, Henry Sacheverell Lander, and Edward.Grain ger, Gentlemen, Roger Williams, Clerk, Robert Pc nr ice, Esquire, Edward Wheeler, John Collins, and Henry Robe fan,-. Gentlemen, for and on the Behalf of them-

Hi' es, and of Robert JIarriJbn, and Morgan Greaves, Esquires, James Raby, Gentleman, and of Love Derbie, Katharine Slade Hill, Mary Bonner, Elizabeth) Hop-wood, Mary Vernon, Dorothy Roberts, and Sarah Roberts, was prefen ted to the House, ,andread; Setting forth, That, a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Severn, af or near Jlazvford, in the Parish of Clains, in the County of Worceficr, to or near Chappel Bridge, within the Borough of Drvilivitch, being about the Distance of Six Miles, would not only be of great Advantage to the Trade and Manufactures of the said Borough, but would like wife be of public Utility; andfhat it appears, by a Survey, that such navigable Cut, or Canal, may be made*; and that the Petitioners are willing and deli nous to undertake the same at tfreir own Expence: And therefore praj'ijijj,' That Leave be giventobfUig;

in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to make such navi-gal.le Cut, or Canal, as aforesaid, subject to such Re-firiCtions, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

Anil it is referred to Mr. Foley, Mr. Sandys, Air.

Drake, Mr. West, Sir Roger Nezcdigate, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Gray, Air.Cocks, Mr..Thurlozo, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor,.Mr. Calvert, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Smith,

Air. Fonnereau, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Tozvti/hend, Mr. Secretary Conway, Mr. Lewis, Mr Bootle, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Fitxmaurice, the Lord Mayor of London, Sir Robert Ladhroke, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Brudeneli, Mr; Martin, Mr. Treasurer, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir George Yonge, Lord Beauchamp, Air.

Dodd, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Morton, AIu Charles Townjhendr Mr. Clevland, Mr. Garth, Sir Brooke Brydges, Mr. Scudamore j and all the Alembers who serve for the Counties of Worceficr, Warwick, Stafford, Gloucester, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and haye Povverto fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Reverend Ralph Drake, of Beach- Drake’s borough, in the Parish^of Newington, in the County of Name. Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That James Brockman, late of Bcachborough, aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, being seized and possess'ed of a very considerable.jceal and personal Estate, by his Jail Will and Tell ament, bearing Date the Fourteenth Day of March 1767, after giving and bequeathing divers Annuities^Ioney, and specific Legacies, gave awl bequeathed*^! the Rest, Residue, and Remainder of fris Estate and Effects, as well real as personal, with his Alanors, Lordships, Lands, and Tenements, Fee Farm and other Rents and Effects. of every Kind, not other wise thereby disposed of, to the Petitioner, by The Description of his Kinsman, the ReverendMr. Ralph Drake, to him, and his Heirs for ever, futyebl neverthq-less to the Payment of the several Legacies and Annuities therein before mentioned; and did thereby nominate, conilitute, and appoint the Petitioner whole and foie Executor of his said last Will and Testament *, and the said James Brockman did by his said Jail Will and Tdtament delire that the Petitioner, his Family mid Posterity, would take 911 themselves, and ever after ule, the Name of Brockman, and the Arms belonging thereto; and*that as soon as conveniently might be after his Decease, they would endeavour to procure an A6lr>f Parliament to confirm the same to them andvtheir Pol-terity: And that, on the Death of the said James Brock* man, the Petitioner proved the said Will in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury; And that the Petitioner, being willing in aft respects to perform the Desire of his Testator: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, his Family, and Posterity, to take upon him and themselves, and use, the Name of Brockman, and the Arms belonging thereto, agreeable to the Will of the: said.

James Brockman. " ,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring dn a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that:

Air. Knight and Mr. Befi do prepare, and bring, in, the: fame.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execu- Maidstone tion a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty- Road, third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the amending, widen- ;4 ing, and keeping in Repair; the Road leading from tHe‘ ‘ -^Ehirtyrnihe MileStohe, at the upper End 6f Stone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent to -a certain Place called Tubb's Lake, In" the Parish of Cranbrooke, in the said'County, was presented' to the

House,

Digjtized

8 Geo. III.

26° Novem

429

House, and read; Setting forth. That the saidTrustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, which hath been attended with so considerable an Expence, that, over and above the Tolls arising on the said Road, they have been obliged to borrow the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and upwards, which has been expended on the said Road, and still remains unpaid; and that the Tolls appointed to be taken by the said Act are not fufflcient to defray the Expence of keeping the said Road in Repair, and pay the Interest of the Money for which the same are mortgaged; nor can the same be done unless the Term thereby granted be further continued, and the said Tolls increased, and the said Act be amended, aind further Powers granted for the Execution thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and Report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bejt, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Sir Brooke Bridges, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Afiburnham, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lexcis, Mr. Gray, Mr. Knight, Mr. Calvert, Mr Grey, Mr. Thurloiv, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Burnell, Mr. Drake, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Sandys, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Conway, Mr. Morton, Mr. Mellish, Sir John Sebright, Mr. Smith, Mr. IVed-derbum, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Garth; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex-, and Surrey; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

The King'i Speech considered.

Higti Price of

Provisioai.

Mr. Secretary Conway, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, M r. Pryfc Campbell, and the Lord Cliire, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

A Petition of John Palmer, of the City of Bath, was BathTheatre. presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said City is greatly resorted to, by the Nobility and Gentry, on account of their Health, many of whom have now also fixed their Residence there; and that a licensedPlay-houseis much wanted wdthinthe said City; and the Petitioner is possessed of certain Premises in Orchard Street, within the said City, very properly situated, which he has lately commodiously finiftied and furnished, at a very great Expence, for the Purpose of a Play-house; and that the exhibiting the atrical'Entertainments for Hire w ithin the said City is against Law:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent for a Theatre or Play-house in the said Buildings and Premises, in Orchard Street aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given tQ bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that.

Sir John Sebright and Mr. Smith do prepare, and bring the fame.

Mr. On/loWy according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to wdiom it was referred to consider of the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same wrere read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits, from Wheat and W heat-flour, be continued, with Amendments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Provisions contained in the several Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, from His Majesty’s Colonies in America into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty; for allowing the Importation , of W heat and W^heat-flour, Barley, Barley-meal, and Pulse, free of* Duty, into tins Kingdom, from any Part of Europe; and for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oat-meal, Rye and Rye-meal, into this Kingdom, for - a limited Time, free of Duty; and also, so much of an Act, made in the same Session, as allows the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from His Majesty’s Colonies in North America; be continued.

Resolved, That if is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon the Exportation of such Rice as shall be imported Duty free, the like Duty be laid as was imposed upon the Exportation of Rice, imported Duty free, by virtue of such Part of the said Act.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon#theQ.ueftion severaliyr put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Onfozc, Mx. Cooper,

Vol. 31,

in,

A Petition of the Worshipful the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of Bath, wras also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a licensed Play-house is much wranted in the said City; and that certain Buildings in Orchard Street, within the said City, the Property of Mr. John Palmer, and by him lately elegantly finished and f’urnished, at a very great Expence, for a Play-house, are very conveniently situated for that Purpose; and that the Petitioners are informed the said Mr. Palmer intends to apply to this House for a Bill, to have the said Play-house licensed, which the Petitioners conceive will be a great Convenience: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pais into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the aftingTrustees, wffiofe Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act, made the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Thames Street, in the City of Oxford, over Botley Causeway, to the Turnpike Road near Fif eld, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have made a great Progress in executing the Trusts of the said Act, have entered into several large Contracts, and have borrow ed a considerable Sum on the Credit of the fame; but that the Undertaking is so great, and the necessary Expences attending it so heavy, that it will be difficult to raise Money for completing so beneficial a Work, or to discharge the Sums already borrowed, unless the Term and Powers of the present Act be enlarged; and that it hath appeared to the Petitioners, by the Report of able Surveyors, that, if the said Road was to commence from the West End of the Butcher Rozu, instead of the West End of Thames Street, in the City of Oxford, and pass over, or near, the Cajile Hill, to Botley Causeway, it would be much mpre commodious, and iefs expensive,

5 R than

Ditto.

Oxford, over Borlejr Causeway, Road.

430 26°-

than repairing and widening the presentTract; and that the Two several Tolls, directed by the said Act to be taken, the one on Botlcy Causeway, the other between Cumner and Fifitid, are, on account of the Difficulty of placing a doll Gate, so as not to be evaded in the latter Situation, insufficient for the Purposes of the said Act; but would be fully sufficient to answer every necessary End, if, without any new or additional Charge, the said Tolls were to be united, and both of them taken upon Botlcy Causeway; and that in such Case, the Petitioners are ready and desirous to take upon themselves the repairing and widening of the Road from the Welt End of Botlcy Causeway, to Staple Hall, in Witney, in the County of Oxford, now, together with divers other Roads in the Counties of Oxford and Gloucester, under the Care of the Trustees appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of’ his late Majesty, and to pay off the Debt now due on the fame, amounting, as the Petitioners apprehend, to about Seven hundred Pounds; and to content that all the Tolls and Duties directed by the said laii-mentioned A civ to be taken between Botlcy Cavfeivay and Staple Hall, shall absolutely cease and determine: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid; and for such further Relief and Assistance in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackfone, Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Burrell, Sir Roger Nezvdigate, Mr Brudenell, Mr Bull, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gray, Mr. Satidys, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Smith, Mr. Fpnnereau, Mr. Morton, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Martin, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Garth, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Clevland, Sir Merrick Burrell, Mr. Bullock, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Calcraft, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Poxvell, General Harvey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Berks, Wills, Somer-Jet) and Gloucester; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Kofli,r’« A Petition of John Francis Roffier and Charles An-and gufius Rodolph Louis de Willcrmin, was presented to the Wiliermin’s House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given ar* to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Blackstone and Mr. Gray do prepare, and bring in, the frme.

Time ' Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that HisMa-appoiuied for jetty, have been waited upon, pursuant to the Order Add rest °* ^c^ter(^ay> humbly to know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day,

' at. Half an Hour after Two of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

Black Friars The House was moved, that the Petition of the Bridge Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of

Roads. London, in Common Council assembled, which was Yesterday presented to the House, might be again read. And the same being read accordingly;-'

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it llnilI appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Parker, Mr. Bull, Lord Mayor of I^ndon, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Bindie}}, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Totvn/hend, Mr.'Whitworth, Mr Foley, Mr. Merton >Ir. Whichcot, Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Calvrt, Mr Bur ton, Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Fitz 22

Novernbris. j. 1767.

heritor I, Sir Brooke Bridges, Sir Richard Glyn, Mr. 7u/~ naston, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Palcrjbn, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gray, Lord Howe, Mr Ryder, Mr. Bacon, Mr. West, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Oii/low, Mr. P?yfe Campbell, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Treasurer, Mr. Codes, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Scudamore; and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and for the Counties of Middlesex, Fjjfex, Surrey, Kent, Suffer, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 70 die Novernbris;

Anno 8° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

MR. Knight presented to the House, according to Drake’* Order, a Bill to enable the Reverend Ralph Nam* Drake, Clerk, and his Issue, to take and bear the Sur^ name and Arms of Brockman, pursuant to the Will of James Brockman, Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the FirltTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a SecondTime,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Appleby the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland, in the room of Charles Jenkinson, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’* Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Whitchurch Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Thomas Townshend, J uniof\

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said'Borough, hath accepted the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ashburtoa the Clerk of the Crown, to ifiake out a new Writ for Writ* the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ashburton, in I he County of Devon, in the room of John Harris, Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of the Acting Trustees, whose Names are Crlckfcjr thereunto subscribed, for putting into Execution an Act, Hall passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty, < act for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley HiU, in the County of Gloucester, to Frcgg Mill, through the Towns of Northleach, Bin ford, and Whitney, and Parillies of Hanborough and Bladen, to Camps field, in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford; and also the Road from Whitney, through Knfham,

Cumner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have made a very e,r>niiderable Progrels in repairing the said Roads, and have borrowed eonir-derable Sums on the Credit of the Tolls thereof, which cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in due Repair, without the further Aififtance of Parliament; and that the Road from Campsfield aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at or near Enjluw Bridge, in the County of Oxford, leading into the Counties of Bucks, Bedford,

Northampton, Leicester, and Lincoln, is very narrow and

ruinous,

8 Geo. III. 27 0 Novembris431

ruinous, and cannot be sufficiently repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the Turnpike Road aforesaid, from Whitney, to the Weil End oiBotley Causeway, leading to the City of Oxford, commonly called The Horse Road, is ill many Places too narrow for Carriages to pals; and that the Pel i-tioners apprehend, that if the Term and Powers of the said Act were continued and enlarged; and if the same were extended to the said Road leading from Camp*field, to the Turnpike Road, at or near Enjlozo , Bridge; and if the narrow Parts of the said Road from Whitney, to the West End of Botley causezvay, were widened, and made passable and commodious for Carriages; and if all the said Roads, which lie in the Counties of Oxford and Berks, were consolidated into One Trust, and made a joint Security for the Sums now borrowed, and which hereafter may be borrowed, for the Purposes of repairing and widening the lame, it would be very advantageous to Persons travelling the said Roads, and to all the adjacent Country: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief and Assistance in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it; shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Charles Spencer, Lord Clare, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Morton, Sir Roger New dig ate, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Foley, Mr.

'Southwell, Mr. Beauclerk, Sir Brooke Bridges, Mr. Knight, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Filzherbert, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Burke, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Brand, Sir Peter Leicester, Colonel Gordon, Mr. Legh, Mr. Dxjfon, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Wood, Mr. Archer, Mr. Montagu, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Bindley, Lord Doxcnc, Lord Beauchamp; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Oxford, Glouce/er, Northampton, Somerset, Hereford, Dorfel, and Wilts; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Marlboreu^h A Petition of the Trustees, appointed to put in Exe-Rk0ad* cution an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the , Roads leading from Marlborough, through Wtjl Kennet, to Shepherds Shord; and from the Hare and Hounds, in Beckhampton, to the Top of Cher ill Hill, and from the Town of Avebury, to the Crofsivay at Beckhampton, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Money, which hasarifen by virtue of the said Act, has been duly applied, and great Progress has been made in amending the said Road, but the same cannot be completed, and the i Money borrowed be repaid, during the subsisting Term

of the said Act; and that the Petitioners apprehend some Alterations are necessary to be made to the said Act» for the more effectual Execution thereof, both with respect to the Tolls and.other Instances; and that the Road from the present Turnpike Gate, at Avebury, to the Turnpike Road in the Village o fWroughlon, is much out of Repair, and cannot be sufficiently amended by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and to amend the fame, and to repair and widen the said Road, from Avebury to Wroughton, as aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Goddard, 'Mr. Fuller, Mr. Knight, Sir Roger J^ezvdigate, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Ridley, Vot. gi.

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fitzherberf, Mr. Burrell,

Lord Grey, Mr. Foley, Mr. Touchet, Lord Beauchamp4 Mr. Archer, Sir Brooke Bridges, Mr. Calvert, Mr. West,

Lord Coleraine, Mr. Conway, Mr. Southzvell, Lord I.ifburne, Lord - Mexborough, Sir Francis Vincent,

Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Gray, Sir Merrick Burrell, Mr. Gore,

Sir George Yonge, Mr. Pvpham, Mr. Dozcdejzvell,

Mr. Buffet, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Be/, Mr. Fuller; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Wilts,

Dorset, Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Swinfen, lately called John G nindy, Grundy's was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Name-That Samuel Swinfen, late of London, Merchant, by his last Will, dated the Twentieth of August One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-two, did give and devise to Trustees therein named, and their Heirs, all that the Manor or Lordship of Swinfen, in the Parish of Weeford, in the County of Stafford, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereof; and all other his Manors and Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in, or near Swinfen aforesaid, or elsewhere, in the said County of Stafford, (chargeable with the Payment of certain Annuities for Lives, by his laid Will given) to the Use of Samuel Swinfen, his Nephew, for his Life, Remainder to Trustees, to pre serve contingent Uses, Remainder to the Ifiue Male of the said Samuel Swinfen, his Nephew, with other Remainders over; and by his said Will,' bequeathed all his Leasehold Eliate in the said County of Stafford, in Trust for the said Samuel Szvinfen, his Nephew, and such other Person and Persons, and for such Estates, and under such Limitations, as in the said Will are limited, concerning his said Freehold Estate in the said County of Stafford, to the end the said Leasehold Premises might go along and be held and enjoyed with the said Freehold Premises, so long as might be, and the Laws would permit, upon Condition, that the several Persons, by his said Will intended to take any beneficial Estate therein, (whose Surnames were not Swinfen) should, within Six Months next after they should severally come into the actual Possession of the said Premises, ©rany Part thereof, take upon him and them respectively, the Surname of Swinfen, and should endeavour to procure an ACtof Parliament, as soon as might be, for that Purpose: That the Petitioner being lately married, the said Samuel Swinfen, his Uncle, hath settled the said Estate upon him, and he is now in the actual PolTeffioii thereof, and hath taken upon himself, and used the Surname of Swinfen, and is desirous that the same Surname, and also the Arms gf Swinfen, should be established upon him and the Heirs Male of his Body, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition,: And that Mr. Foley, Mr. Dowdeswell, and Mr. Barrozv, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, Coventry to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Com- to monalty, of the City of Coventry, under their common h

Seal, in Common Council assembled, and of the several an Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the City and County of the City of Coventry, and the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as folio we tii; viz.

la

0

43

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

M r. William Dudley said, That by a Survey lately taken by an able Engineer, it appeal’s, that a Cut, or Canal, for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels, is capable of being made from the said City of Coventiy, to communicate with a Canal now making from the Hi ver Trent, to the River Mersey, upon Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford; and that the making of this Navigation will be of very great Benefit to the said City, and to the several Owners of Lands and Estates through which the same is proposed to be carried.

That as there are several Collieries in the County, where the Canal is proposed to be made, if Power was given to make proper Cuts to communicate with those Collieries, such Communications would tend to reduce the present high Price of Coals within the said City, and Places adjacent.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring a Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from the City of Coventry, to communicate upon Fradley Heath,

in the County of Stafford, with a Canal now making between the Rivers Trent and Mersey: And that the Lord Beauchamp, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Charles Mordaunty Mr. Archery Mr. Conway, Mr. Thurlow, and Mr Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

High Price A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, under their Common ?rovi oni. was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the high Price of Corn and Provisions; and like-wife representing to the House, that, by the Act of the 31st Year of King George the Second, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, the same is much dearer by the Table of Assize in that Act, than by a Table in a former Act: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and afford futh Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions.

Answer Mr. Speaker reported to the House, that the House Address attended His Majesty Yesterday, with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you My very fincereThanks for your dutiful and loyal Address; the Part you take in the late happy Event in My Family completes the Satisfaction which I receive from it; and your Affection to Me appears equally manifest, from the Share you take in the melancholy Incident which we all regret, and serves as a Consolation to Me. I fee with Pleasure the Continuance of that Zeal, and true public Spirit, which I have long experienced in My faithful Commons, by your Attention to the several Objects recommended to your Consideration, and particularly to the Means of providing against a Scarcity of Corn, and for paying the Public Debt. You may depend upon My invariable Attention to the Happiness and Prosperity of My Kingdom.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the wrhole House, to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, that a Supply be granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That His Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said pommittee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pater fan took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refamed the Chair.

7.

Mr. Patcrfon reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow: Morning.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee High Price of the whole House, who are appointed to consider of p the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, rov oou relative to Corn and Provisions, that they do consider of the Jmportation of Wheat, and Wheat-flour, from Africa.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Expwtitfbii Order, a Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in Corn,&c, the Jaft Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt,

Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits, from Wheat and Wheat-flour: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Importation Order, a Bill to continue the several Provisions con- of tained in the several Acts, made in the last Session of w wlf c# Parliament, for allowing the free Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, Barley, Barley-meal, Pulse, Oats and Oat-meal, Rye and Rye-meal, and Rice, from the Parts therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House High Price to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, p to consider further of the several Acts passed in the last r0V1 Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onflozo took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee; That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Onslow also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Cora and Provisions.

The other Order of the Day being read, for resuming Privilege, the adjourned Debate of Wednesday last, concerning the Orders of the House, touching the Manner in which such Complaints as that which was then offered to be made to the House, ought to be received;

The House was moved, that the Entry in the Journal of the House of the 23d of Ja?mary 1692, relating to a Complaint then made to the House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 10th of May 1733, relating to a Complaint then made to the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the said Debate be further adjourned, till this Day Six Months.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow adorning, Nine of the.Ciock,

2 70 Novembris.

8 Geo. III. 28" Novembris.

435

Coventry

ro

tniUy Heath Caual.

Kmidhnrte

Hoad.

Severn

to

Droitwich

Canal.

Sabbati) 28* dit Jtfoveitibfis J

Anno 8° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1767.

Rr AYERS.

THE Lord Beauchamp presented to thg House, according to Order, a Bili for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from the City of Coventry to communicate upon Fradley Heathy in the County of Stafford9 with a Canal now making between the Rivers Trent and Merfexj: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders,living in and near Goud-hurfiy in the County of Kent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in belralf of them lei ves, and others, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from the now Turnpike Road, at the House of Hairy Reynolds in Goadhurfiy to ThePlainy at the Bottom of Goudhurst, and from thence to the Turnpike Road, near a House called The PiUoiy; and also from the House, known by the Sign of The Chequer, in the said Parish, through the said Town of Goudhurst, to the Bottom of Kiln-down, in the said Parish, adjoining the Turnpike Road there; are very ruinous and bad; and cannot be amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law;

' And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordertdy That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Brooke Bridges, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Fitzherberty Mr. Harris, Mr. Gray, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Foley, Mr. Barrow, M r. Dowdefxvell, Si r Ch arles Mor daunt, Mr. Onjloiv,. Mr. Paterson, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Mi lies, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Pozvell, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Norris, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Knight, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Conway, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Grey, Mr. W"Jl, Mr. Richard Fuller, Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Torwnjhend; and all the Members who serve for the Count ies of Kent, Surrey, and Suffer; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of George Burrish, NicholsonSmithf md, John Amphlett, John Browne, Esquires, John Wall, Doctor of Bhyl\dk, EdivardBearc7'oft, Thomas Holbeche, William Romney, James Walker, Richard Phillips, and Hugh Bennett, Gentlemen, Hemy Roberts, and Humfrey Penrice, Clerks, Ruper Dcrcey, and Richard Norbury, Esquires, James Nash, Thomas Waldron, and Richard Roberts, Henry Sacheverell Lander, and Edward Grainger, Gentlemen, Roger Williams, Clerk, Robert Penrice, Esquire, Edward Wheeler, JohnCollins, and tlenry Robefon, Gentlemen, for and on the behalf of thepnselves, and o f Ro-lertHarrifon, an&Morgan Greates, Eiv^\ves, James Raby, ^Gentleman, and of Love Derbie, Katharine Slade Hill, Mary Bonner, Elizabeth Hoptvood, Maiy Vernon, Doro* thy Roberts, and Sarah Roberts, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the saidPetition and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as foliow-eth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Joseph Jeanes, and Mr. John Priiicy, laid. That V01. 31.

great Quantities of White Salt are annually made within! he Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester^ which is carried by Land to the City of Worcester, and from thence conveyed along X\\e Severn-, and that great Part of the Coals, used in the said Manufacture, are alfd carried from the said City to Droitwich, by Land Carriage, which amounts to about £.3000 per Annum.

That if a Navigable Cut was made from the Severn* to or near Chapel Bridge within the said Borough, it would be of great Advantage to the Trade and Manufactures Carried on there, and of Public Utility.

And a Survey was produced, whereby it appeared That it is practicable to make such navigable Cut, or Chnal:

And by ah EiHmate produced by Mr. Priddey, which was made andfigned by Mr. Janies Brindley, it appeared that the Expence of making such Canal, would amount to the Sum 0^.13,363, or thereabouts:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal, from the River Severn, at or near a Place called Haw-ford, in the Parish of Clains, in the County of Worcester, to or near a Place called Chapel Bridge, within the Borough of Droitxoich, in the said County: And that Mr4. Foley, Mr. Barroxv, and Mr. Dowdcjwell, do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Foley presented to the House, according to Order* a Bill to enable James Shuttleworth, the Younger4, Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Holden, pursuant to the Will of Robert Holden, Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Foley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable John Swinfen, lately called John Grundy, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Swinfen: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Blackstone reportedfrom the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Acting Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act, made the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road, from the West End of Thames Street, in the City of Oxford, over Botley Causeway to the Turnpike Road near Fifield^ in the County of Berks, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di* rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz-.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act, and also an Act, made in the TwentyTourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, were read: And,

Mr. John Walker, Clerk to the Trustees of the first-mentioned Act, being examined, said, That a great Progress has been made in carrying the Trusts of the said Act into Execution, particularly in building several. Bridges, and widening the narrow Parts of the Road: That the Trustees have entered into a Contract with Mr. Townshend, a Mason, for Four thousand Pounds, to build such Bridges as will be necessary; and also into another Contraft with Mr. Wells, a Surveyor, for constructing Six Miles and One Quarter of Road, at One hundred and Eighty Pounds a Mile, amounting to upwards of Eleven hundred Poimds; besides which, the Estimate for finishing the Causeway and its Avenues* (including the Four thousand Pounds for Bridges) amounts to Eight thousand Pounds; that Five hundred Pounds has been borrowed on the Credit of the Road, but no more has yet been offered; and the Witness apprehends no more will.be lent a* the Term and Toib

§ S ne>f

Shuttleworth'fc.

Name.

drttiuty’i

Name.

dxford

over

Botley

Causeway

Road.

434

2 8* Novembris.

A. 1767.

now (land; but if the Term be enlarged* and the Tolls consolidated, as prayed by the Petition, he believes there will be Money enough, as One Client of the Witness has, in that Cafe, offered to Lend Two thousand Pounds: That there is a Debt on the Morse Road, from Botley Causezvay to Witney, of about Seven hundred Pounds, as the Witness has heard: That the Length of that Road (which is not now passable with Carriages throughout)!* about Nine Miles, and there are atpresent . Two Toll Gates erected on the said Road, One at Botley, the other near Witney: That it will be a great Advantage to the Country to take away those Two Gates, and to collect the consolidated Tolls of the Fifield Road on Botley Causeway only, because Travellers will be able to go Nine Miles from Witnesstowards Oxford, and from Fi~ field, Six Miles and One Quarter, without paying any Toll: That the Tolls between Botley and Witnessare in general larger than the Angle Toll now collected on Bot-kyCauseway; and therefore if the former were abolished, and the latter doubled by the proposed Consolidation, Travellers in general would pay less than they now do, as appeared to your Committee, by a comparative State of the severalTollsdelivered in by Mr. Walker, whereby, among other Things, it was manifest, that a Twowheeled Carriage and Four Horses, passing between Oxford and Witney, is now liable to pay Eighteen Pence, and upon the Plan proposed by the Petition, would only pay One Shilling; and that a Four-wheeled Waggon, with Eight Horses, is now liable to pay Three Shillings, but would then pay only Two; that the Expence of Management would be greatly lessened by the new Plan, as One Gate and Gate-keeper would then be sufficient, instead of Four, which are at present employed in collecting the several Tolls. — Beingfurther examined, as to the Notice given to the Trustees of the WitnessHorse Road, with regard to the present Application, he informed your Committee, That the Petitioners having come to several Resolutions, preparatory to the present Petition, at a public Meeting on Twenty-fifth August Jaft, which he produced to your Committee; and having directed him to communicate them to the Trustees of the WitnessHorse Road, and to delire their Concurrence therein, he accordingly sent them to Mr. Gray, the Clerk of the said Trustees, on the Twenty-sixth of August, and, about the Beginning of September, received from Mr. Gray, a Copy of a Resolution of the WitnessTrustees, which he delivered in to the Committee, dated the Fourth of September, and purporting, That they could 'give no Answer, till they had received the Sense of the Trustees of the Gloucestershire Part of the Road, which they had given Directions to procure as soon as pollible; That the present Petition being signed at another Meeting, the Twenty-fifth of September lait; he, the next Dav, by Order of the Petitioners, sent a Copy thereof to Mr. Gray, but has received no Answer since.

' Mr. Bobert Taylor, being examined, said, That ho had surveyed and estimated the Expence of widening and repairing the Road from Oxford to Botley: That if the same commences at the West End of Thames Street, as directed by the present Act, it will colt, at lead. Nine thousand Pounds; but if it commences at the Well End of the Butcher Row, as prayed by the Petition, the Expence will not exceed Eight thousand Pounds: That the latter is much more commodious for Travellers, being in atlraitLine, and communicating better with the prim cipal Streets of Oxford. Mr. Taylor confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Walker, with regard to the Propriety and Commodiousness of taking the consolidated Tolls of the Road from Oxford to Fifield, upon Botley causezvay only, and abolishing the present Tolls on the WitnessHorse Road.

John Philips, Esquire, Treasurer of the Road from Oxford to Fifield, confirmed the whole of Mr. Walker's Evidence; and further laid. That there are Two Gates now erected on the said Road, pursuant to the late Act of Parliament, with similar, but distinct Tolls to each. One at BefilsLeigh, betweenCamuer CommonField and ’ Jzz

Fifield, the other on Botley Causeway, both erected about Twenty-eighth April tail: That the 'Tolls taken at Botley Causezvay from that Time to the Twenty-fourth of this Month, amounted to Sixty-four Pounds Six Shillings; that the Tolls of the other Gate, for the first Four Months(since which he has had no Remittance) arriounted only to Eight Pounds Ten Shillings and Ten Pence, out of which, Four Pounds Ten Shillings was paid to the Gate-keeper; the Reason of which Deficiency lie apprehends to be, because it is so open a Country, that it is difficult to erect a Gate there, which cannot be evaded, and that no better Spot can be fixed upon in that Country, than where the preleut Gate (lands; but that the Gate upon Botley Causezvay cannot be evaded: That consolidating the Tolls upon the Plan of the Petition would cure all Defects* and raise Money sufficient to complete all the Roads, many Persons having applied to the Witness, and offered to lend Money upon the new Plan, who refused to lend it upon the present Act:

That the Roads can never be completed, or the present Creditors repaid, without enlarging the Term, and consolidating the Tolls as proposed: That the present Roads from Oxford, over Botley Causeway, to both Fifield and Whitney, are only Horse Roads; but when the Causeway is widened, and Swinford Bridge, (which is now building) is finished, it will be a very great Carriage Road, especialiy from Wales and Gloucestershire, to Londo?u

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge and vary the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing and widening the Road, from the West End of Thames Street, in the City of Oxford, over Botley causezvay, to the Turnpike Road near F'{field, in the County of Berks; and to provide more effectually for repairing and widening the ancient Horse Road, from the West End of Botley Causeway, to Witney, in the County of Oxford: And that Mr, Blackstone, Mr.

Barrow, Sir Roger Newdigate, and Mr. Foley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Blackstone presented to the House, according to Roffier’s Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Francis Rojjier, and vviilermin’* Charles AuguJlusRodolpliLezvis dc Wilier min: And the Nai. same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejblvcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of William Aubert was presented to the Aubert'a

House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given u*

to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Blackstone and Mr. Barrozo, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Exportation last Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a limited of Corn, fee. Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt,

Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and nlfo the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour; was read a Second Time.

Rejoined, 'That the Bill be committed.

Rcjblved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuefdaij Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue the several Provisions contained Importation in the several Acts, made in the lull Session of Parlia- of ment, for allowing the free Importation of Wheat Wh*at> *c and Wheat-flour, Burley, Barley-meal, Pulle.Oats and Oat-meal, Rye and Rye-meal, and Rice, from the Parts*; therein mentioned, was read a Second 'Time. p

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

ReJblved, T\\at the Bifl be committed to aCommittee of tfye whole House.

Resolved,


8 Geo. III. 28° Novembris. — i* Decembris. 435

Resolved, That this Hpufe will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Threekingh-m A Petition of the Right honourable Matthew, Lord Inclosure. Fortescue, Lord of the Manor of Stozv, in the Parish of Threekingham, in the County of Lincoln, and the humble Petition of Richard. Wynne, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Threekingham, and the Reverend John Towers, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish of Threekingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, in the said Manor, certain Open and Common Fields and Meadows, containing about Five hundred Acres, wherein the Lands of the Petitioners and others lie intermixed and dispersed, and are not at present capable of any considerable Improvement; but, if divided and inclosed, might be improved, to the great Advantage of the Petitioners, and others interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Filzherbert, JVfr. Onjlozu, Lord Robei'tBertie, and Mr. Amcotts, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

High Price Mr. Onjloiv, according to Order, reported from the Provisioiw Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Com and Provisions, the Kcfolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, from Africa, be permitted, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue the several Provisions contained in the several A£is made in the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the free Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, BarlCy, Barley-meal, Pulfb, Oats and Oat-meal, Rye and Rye-meal, and Rice, from the Parts therein mentioned, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the ' laid Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1768, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1768, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1768, be laid before this House*

Ordered, That a Lifi of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines, as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half-pay, for the Year5 1768, be laid before this House*

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1768, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen w.ithin the respective Half Years, ending at the 5th Day of April 1767, and the 10th Day of October 1767, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Furicl commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund, as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts. Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council.

And then the House,adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, i° die Decembris j Anno 8° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1767. Prayers,

Supply. The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Palerfon reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the'Motion made upon Thursday last. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty; the Eefolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and alter wards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table-: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

Refolvrd, '1'hat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply he granted to His Majesty.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Xemine con trad ice nte. That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Stippl v be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday . Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the v, hole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

£ ft i matt s, Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the

Navy, for the Year 1708, with an Estimate of the Half-pay of Officers of the Navy, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were employed in the last War, he laid before this House.

Vol. Zh

A Petition of the Right honourable Matthew Lord BiiUnsWo^h, Fortescue, Lord of the fev eral Manors of Billing- jnc* pjlfe# borough and Birthorpe, in the County of Lincoln; and 1

the humble Petition of llenry Goodyeare, Gentleman, on behalf of Thomas Burton, a Minor, who is also Lord of the Manor of Buckminster Hall, within the said Manor of Billingborough; the Reverend John Towers, Vicar of the Parish of Billingborough aforesaid; the Reverend Bi'ownlozce Toller, Clerk; Daniel Douglas, Esquire, and others. Proprietors of Lands within the said Pa* rilhes of Billingborough and Birthorpe, whose Names are thereunder subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are in the said Parishes several Open Common Fields and Meadow Grounds, and also a certain Common Fen, belonging to the said Parishes of Billingborough and Birthorpe, which contain together 2 700 A eyes, or thereabouts; and that tjhe Lands of the Proprietors of the said Fields and Meadows lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any con-' ftderable Improvement; and the said Common Fen being frequently overflowed with Water, yields but Jittje»

Profit to those who have Right of Common thereon; but, if the said Fen was embanked and drained, and/

together

43<S 1° Decemi. 1767.

together with the said Fields and Meadows, divided and inclosed, the same might be improved, to the great Advantage of all the Proprietors: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those. Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee! And that they do Examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Bertie, Sir

ger Nervdigate, Mr. Ba Mr. Mr.

Air. Garth, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr Stanley, Lord Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mr. Sir

George Savile, Mr. Lown Mr. Coutls, Mr. Bajfet, Sir William Beauchamp Mr.

tvell. Sir Peter Leicester, Mr. Mr. Byde,

Mr Darker, Mr. TudtVay, Lord Cary fort, Mr. Prescott,

Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Waller, Mr. Bagot, Mr.

Mr. Touchet, Mr. West, Mr. Best, Mr Mr. Fon-

hereau; and all the Members who fervefor the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, York, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

BimiinglMitt A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Caral Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of and Places

adjacent; and also of the Towns of Wolverhampton and Bilston, in the County of whose Names are

thereunto subscribed,on behalfofthemfelvesand others; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the making a Cut, or Canal, for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, with heavy Burthens, from the Tovrn of Birmingham, to or near Smethwick, Oldbury, Tipton Green, and Bilston, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, by or near several large Coal Mines; and the making also of Two collateral Cuts up to, or as near the said Coal Mines as conveniently may be; and also One proper Road, Rail, or "Waggon Way, from each and every of such Coal Mines, to the said intended Canal and Cuts; and making and continuing the said Cut, or Canal, from or near the said Town of Bilston, to or near Anther ley, otherwise derjley,in the Parish of Tettonhall, near Wolverhampton,

in the said County of Stafford, to join and communicate there with the Canal now making between the Rivers Severn and Trent; will be of great Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigable Cut, or Canal, and Cuts, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred toSir Charles Mor daunt. Lord Clare, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Prescott, Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Forrejter, Mr. , Mr. Bull,

Mr. Delaval, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Burrell, Lord Grey, Mr. Harris, Mr. Wynn, Islv.Shiffner, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Sturt, Sir Alexander Mr. Brand, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Richard Wanvick Bamp-fylde, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Hczoett, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Bajfet, Mr. Ougley, Mr, Whately, Mr. Bond, Sir John Palmer, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Elliot, Lord Lord Howe,

Mr. Forefier; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, Northampton, Oxford, Gloucester, and And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per* fons, Papers, and Records,

l9.

A Petition of Richard Lacan, Esquire, Lord of the becking Manor of Beckingham, in the County of , and of iottolut:

several of the Land Owners, and Persons interested in the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Towniliips of Betkingltam and Sutton, in the Manor and Parish of Beckingham

aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the saidTownships, which lie intermixed and difperled, in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, so that the same are incapable of a\iy considerable Improvement; and that if the lame, together with the Common Pastures and Waste Ground,

Were divided and inclosed, and Lands allotted iu Lieu of Tithes, it would tend to the great Benefit and Advantage of the Parties concerned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ilewett, the Lord Villiers, and Lord Brownlow

Bertie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Edward Weld, Esquire, Wmfrhb

Esquire, Benjamin Thornton, Clerk, William Weston, Newbu^ Clerk, John Felton, Gentleman, and others, whose *nclolwt-Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and otherwise interested in several Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Sheep Downs, Commons, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Winfrith Newburgh, in the County of Dor jet, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, '1 hat the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, and in the said Meadow Grounds, Sheep Downs, Commons, Heaths, Walle Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the said Parish, if the same were divided and inclosed:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Sheep Downs, Commons, Heaths, Waste Grounds, and other Commonabl# Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bond, Mr. Cocks, Sir James Long, and Mr. Darner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enable the Reverend Ralph Drake, Clerk, pnki and his Issue, to take and bear the Surname and Arms Nme. of Brockman, pursuant to the Will of James Brockman,

Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Knight, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir Brooke Brydges,

Mr. Townshend;Mr. Delaval, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Jackson, Sir Charles Banbury, Lord Villiers, Lord Cavendijk, Mr. Burke, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. , Mr.

lleivelt, Lord Coleraine, Sir George Savile, Mr. Cocks,

Nix, West, Lord Clare, Mr. Bond, Mr. DoiudeJ'well,

Lord Beauchamp, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Charles Townshend, Lord George Sackville, General Mr. Wliichcot, Mr. Delaval, Air. , Lord Grey,

Mr. Fitzherbert s and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent and Suffer ,* and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, Commonalty, ThfW and Inhabitants of the Borough of Thetford, in the Coun- ®{*1, ties of Norfolk and Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others, was presented

A

8 Geo. III. i°

437

fvnted to the House, arid read; Setting forth. That the h'oad from Christopher Bridge, in the Borough of Thetford,in the County o('Suffolk, leading through Elden, and by Bar Lon Mills, to tiic Turnpike Road at the South-weft End of the d own of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge, is in many Places much out of Repair* and unl'ate for Carriages and Travellers: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend and widen the said Road, in such Manner as the House shall think fit, provided that no Gate be erected or fixed nearer to the said Borough than the Town of Elden, in the said County of

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of aCommittee: And that they do examine tho Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Home:

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary Conway, Mr, Bacon, Mr. Bcjl, Colonel Lord Beauchamp,

Mr. Knight, Sir George S Mr. , Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Townjheiid, Mr FonnereauLord Bertie,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gore, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Burke, Mr. Gray, Mr. Buller, Lord Clare, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Bull, Lord Villiers, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Jennings, Mr. Charles TownOiend, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Imondes, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Fuller, Lord Grey, Mr. Harvey, Lord SiF Joseph Mazcbey, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Contis, Mr. Ellis, Sir Charles Mordaunt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, ar»d Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Perl'ons, Papers, and Records.

Therford A Petition of the High Sheriff, Grand Jury, and Justices of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, and others, at the Assizes held at the Castle of Nonvich, in the Shire House there, in and for the said County of Norfolk, on Wednesday the 12th Day of August 1767, was presentedto the House, and read; Setting forth. That the great Road from London to Norwich, leading from Newmarket, and extending from the End of the Bone Bridge Turnpike, through Newmarket Town, to Christopher Bridge, in Thin the County of are in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be properly amended and kept in good Repair by the ordinary Means of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing those Parts of the said great Road from Norwich to London, leading from Newmarket, and extending from the End oftlie Bone BridgeTamplko, through Newmarket Town ami Little BartonYovm, commonly called Barton Mills, to the Christopher Bridge in aforesaid, for such

Time, in such Manner, by such Means, and with such further Powers, as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Iaft preceding Petition is referred^. And that they do examine the Matter of tins Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Petersfield Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Petersfield. in the County of Southampton, in the room of Richard Pennant, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s'Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Defiorough, and Bonenham,in the County of Buckingham.

Answer Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Addre"* for ^ddrefs of Saturday last. That His Majesty would be £ftima*tes°r graciously pleated to give Directions, that the Efti-itc. ' mates. Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been presented to His V«l. 31.

Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The House being informed that some of the Com- Account*; missioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, ° p pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited Eufi India Goods, brought into the East India Warehouses at Saint Helens, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1766 to Michaelmas 1767; also, what exported during that Time, and what remained in the said Warehousesat Michaelmas 1767: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, brought into the East India Warehouses at and Billiter Lane, in the Port of London, from Michael-

mas 1766 to Michaelmas 1767; also, what exported during that Time, and what remained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1767: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas x 766; what have been since brought in; what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1767: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1766; what have been lince brought in 5 what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1767: Aud also,

I\° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at Saint Helens, Leadenhall, Billiter Lane, and the Custom-house, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1766, in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshcd; what have been returned; and what remained at Michaelmas 1767: And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of Ivndon, from Michaelmas 1766

to Michaelmas 1767: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports of England, commonly called the Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1766 to Michaelmas 1767:

And also,

An Account of the Number of Ships which have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's , and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens; from whence they were Acted out; and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil or VIhale Fins each Ship has imported; in the Year 1767:

And also.

An Account of all Com, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour,

Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, exported from England, to any Place whatsoever, by virtue, or in pursuance of any of the Liberties, or Powers, given or granted for that Purpose, by an Act passed last Session to prohibit the Exportation thereof.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the Eight first of the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the other of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Com, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour,

Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour; is. committed.

The said Accounts are prefer ved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

APetition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Overseew

5 T of

Mary 1e Bone Street*, fcc.

Ditto.

i ° Decembr.

A. 1767.

of the Poor, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of MiddleJe.r, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for the better regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing,enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of sex, has been found ineffectual to answer the Purposes for which it was intended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act; and for better regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, cleansing, lighting, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and for removing Nuisances in the said Parish; for repairing the common Highways, Causeways, and Pavements therein; and for better regulating the Poor in the said Parish; in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee, And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Beauchamp ProSlor, Mr. Delaval, Sir John Griffin Mr. Cocks, Mr.

Shiffner, Sir John Gibbons, Lord Percy, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Ijwndes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. , Colonel Barre, Lord Thomond, Mr. Dyfon, Dr. Hay, Mr.

Mr. Earle, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Foley, Mr. Alder-

man Beckford, Mr. Darker, Sir Charles Mr. Richard Fuller, Mr. Hewett, Lord Clare, Lord Lijburne,

Mr. Delaval, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Sir Mr Martin, Mr. Burke, Mr Mr. Pratt, Mr.

Barrozo, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Mr. Fonnereau,

Mr. Touchel, Sir William Baker, Mr. West; and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Hertford, Bucks, Surrey, and Kent; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder written, for and on Behalf of themselves and others, the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, was also presented to the House, and read -, reciting several of the Provisions of the said Act; and setting forth. That the said Act, with the other Parochial Laws, provide for the Government of the said Parish as well as the Parishoners can reasonably desire or expect; and that the Petitioners apprehend that any Alteration made therein may tend to the Detriment of the Petitioners, and all other the Parishioners of the said Parish; and that the Petitioners have been informed, that a finall Number of the Parishioners of the said Parish intend to apply to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill essentially to vary the Powers and Provisions already made by the said Act, and the other Laws in force for the Government of the said Parish, and have actually got a Bill for that Purpose, prepared and printed, though they have not as yet taken the Sense of the Parishioners thereon, or have even communicated the Alterations intended to be made, to the Parishioners: and therefore praying, on Behalf of themselves and the rell of the Parishioners of the said Parish, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against any Application that may be made to the House lor bringing in any Bill, touching the altering the said Act, in varying the Law as it now stanus, with respect to the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that these Petitioners 18

be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said former Petition, against the said 1 alt-mentioned Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Exe- Shoreditck cution the several Acts of Parliament for repairing the to Highway, or Road, from the Stones End, in the Parish Ejifidd of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middle- 01' sex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford, wa§ presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have lately been at a very great Expence in the necessary Repairs of the Roads, pursuant to the Powers granted to them by several Acts of Parliament for that Purpose, and in building of Bridges, in order to make the said Roads pafiable, for the Benefit of the Public; and have thereby contrafted a Debt of upwards of Nine thousand Pounds, the Interest whereof, together with the necessary Expences of maintaining and supporting the said Roads, are more than the present Tolls will pay; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose of raising thereon several Tolls for the future; and also for granting a further Term, from the Expiration of the present Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Townjh Mr. Cocks, Mr.

Burke, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Fuller, Lord Percy, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Sandys,

Dr. Hay, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Earle, yir.Hezcett,

Mr. Conic-ay, Mr. Ashburnham , Mr. Sir George

Savile, Mr. Garth, Mr. Foley, Mr. Dowdefu'dl, Mr.

Pralt, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr.

Prescott, Sir Joj'cph Maivbey, Mr. Byde, Mr. Fuller,

Sir William Baker, Mr. Montagu, Lord Bertie, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Dyfon, Sir . Mr. James Toicnfend, Colonel BurgoyMr. Mcllish; and all the Members who serve lor the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, Essex, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the M after. Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchant Venturers, of the City of Bristol, under the Common Seal: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, of the Borough of Southwark: And also,

A Petition of the Steward, Bailiff, and Inhabitants Of the Borough of Cirencester,in the County of Gloucester:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Diftreftes which the Poor in general labour under, from the Dearness of Corn, and all other Provisions: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and afford such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committed of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions.

The

High Price Provisions* Ditto.

Ditto.

i8 Decembris.

8 Geo. III.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty.

Estimates, Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and

&c. other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, from 25th December 1767 to 24th December 1768, both E>ays inclusive, being 366 Days: Andalfo,

Estimate of the Charge of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1768: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th December 1767 to the 24th December 1768, both Days inclusive, being

366 Days: And also.

4$9

Estimate of the Charge of the Difierfehce of Pay between the British and Irish Establishments of Six Regiments of Foot, serving in the Isle of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the ceded Islands, for 366 Days, from 25th December 1767 to 24th December 1768, both inclusive: Andalfo,

Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay, for 366 Days, for the Year 1768, to Officers reduced, with the Tenth Company of several Battalions, reduced from Ten to Nine Companies, and who remained on Half-pay at the 24th of December 1765.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth 3 viz.

Vo 1.. 31.

Estimate

44° i° Decemb . 1767.

ESTIMATE of the C Large of the Guard?, Garrisons, and other His Mnjefiy’.s Land Forces in Great Britain, from 25th December 1767 to 24th December 1 ^(iS. both Days inciufive, l>cii;tr o Days.

! lorfc.

r Fird Troop of Life Guards -1 Second Ditto - -

First Troop of Grenadier Guards Second Ditto -Roy al Regiment of Ilorfe Guards

li

Dragoons.

of Pembroke’s Dragoons

First Regiment of DragoonGuards Second Ditto -Third Ditto -Earl

Duke of Argyll's Earl of Albemarle's -Sir Robert Rich's ... Lieutenant General Lieutenant General Howard's Sir JohnMorduunt's

Marquis of Lothian's -

Light J Lieutenant General Elliot's Dragoons. (Colonel s

First Regiment of Foot Guards -

Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards -

Third Regiment of Foot Guards -

Marquis of Lome's 2d Battalion -

Colonel Robert Brudenell's-

Major General Rufane's -

Lord Robert Bertie's

Lieutenat General Webb's -

Colonel Clinton's -

His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester's

Major General Monc/cton’s

Major General Gage's -

Lieutenant General Bofcawen’s -

I^ord George Lennox's

Colonel Fletcher Campbell's

Major General Cary's -

Foot.

Major General Parker's Regiment Late Lord Lindore's -Late Major General Parker's Invalids. < Major Ackland's

Late Major Cliffe's Lieutenant Colonel Lind's -Eight independent Companies

Garrisons with Fire and Candle -Contingences, upon Account

Dedllft, Major. Lieut’. EnP".

f Late Lord Lindore's - — i 2"

.p, 1 Late Major General Parker's — 1 1

T < Ackland's - - - - ^-----1 )

Invalids, j Late CWe,s

Lind's - - 1 1

9

Total -

War-Office, 1'* December 1767.

Numbers,

Pay of the Troops and Rcement for ~66 Da vs.

l8l

l8l

ln

17b

3*9

343

231

231

231

231

231

231

231

231

231

231

231

1649

1058

1058

529

529

529

529

529

529

529

529

529

529

529

529

529

555

385

385

3

26

156

41O

Dead

1,034

2,65 7

462

10,642

2,471

17,264

11

17»253

Barrington.

Total.

f,

d.

1'. s. d.

17,653 S — 1

17,653 8 —

10,900 M —

10,772 12 —

26,126 6 —

18,929 i G 6

12,932 — —

12,932 — —

12,932 — —

12,932 — —

12,932 — —

12,932 — —

12,952 — —

12,0 <2 — —

12,932 — —

I2,932 — —

12,932 — —

12,932 — —

46,106 17 —

29,841 4 —

29,896 2 —

11,095 18 —

11,352 2 —

11,352 1 —

11,498 10 —

ii,352 2

11.3.52 2 —

11,352 2 —

n,352 2 —

",352 2

11,352 2 —

ii,352 2 —

n,352 2 —

",352 2 —

10,363 iS —

6,720 13 6

6,812 3 6

5,581 10 —

4,666 10 —

2,836 10

7,246 16 —

32,279 2 4*

20,000 - —

83,106 8

148,249 16 6 25,864-----

253,311 *3

44,22s 1 — 52,279 2 4i

607,039 — 1 817 8 —

606,221 12. 1 of

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Tear 1768.

For 366 Day5*

General and General Staff Officers

War-Office, December 1767.

Barrington.

12,237^7

ESTIMATE

8 Geo. III.

Decembris,

44*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and including those in

Garrifont at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th December 1767 to the 24th 1768, both Days

inclufite, being 366 Days,

L

Lieutenant General Whitmore's Regiment of Foot -Lieutenant General Sandford ’s -

Major General Keppel's

Sir Jeffery Amherst's -

Colonel Gi/bome's- -

Sir John Sebright's - -

Earl of Panmure's -

Colonel Scott's -

Earl of Granard's -

Major General Oughton's

Lieutenant General Leighton's -

Lord Frederick Cavendish's

Major General Pierson's

Major General Clavering's -

Major General Owen's -

Royal American Regiment, 2 Battalions

Lord Adam Gordon's - -

Major General Lambton's -

Major General Trapaud's -

Lieutenant Colonel O'Hara's Corps -

Garrisons in North America; viz. Quebec, Montreal, St.

AugujUne, PenJ'acola, Mobille, and South Carolina -Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, Placentia, St.

John's in Newfoundland, St. John's Island,

Providence, and Bermudas -Garrisons in the Blands of Grenada, St. Vincent, minico, and Tobago -

Officers serving with the Forces in North America -Contingencies upon Account -

MI.

Major General Burton's Regiment Lieutenant General A’Court’s Earl Cormvallis's Lieutenant General Stuart's

Officers of the Garrison, fife.

GIBRALTAR. Lord George Beauclerk’s Regiment Lieutenant General Kingsley's Lieutenant General Corjnvallis's Earl of Loudoun's -

Officers of the Garrison,

Provisions for Fifteen Battalions of Foot in North America, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland, SCc. deducting 2 \d.per Diem out of the Subsistence of each N on-comm if honed Officer and private Man towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by the Government Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar Provisions for the Regiments in the ceded Blands Provisions for Lieutenant Colonel O'Hara's Corps serving in Africa,deducting per Diem from each

Non-commissioned Officer and private Man, towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by the Government

Total -

Numbers. Pay of the Regiments, Cfr. for 360 Days.

5 °° - - 10,739 1 —

5 °° " 10,739 i —

500 - 10,739 1 —

50° - * °»7 39 1

5°° - 10,739 1 —

5°° - 10,739 1 —

5°° 10,739 i —

5°° 10,739 x —

5°°' - 10*739 1 —

500 - 10,739 i —

5°° 10,739 1 —

5°° - 10*739 t —

500 - _ " 10,739 1 —

500 - 10,739 1 —

5°° 10,739 1 —

1,001 - 2*734 6 —

5°° - " 10,739 t —

500 - 10,739 1 —

5°° - 10,739 1 —

214 10,215 4,18111 —

- - *. *

5^9 - 11,352 2 —

529 - 11,352 1 —

529 - n*352 2 —

529 2,116 11,352 2 —

529 11,352 2 —

529 11,352 2 —

529 - 11,352 2 —

529 2,1x6 11,352 2 —

22,303 2 6

- - 19*291 9 — f

9*779 3

- 2,328 2 —

« *4*447 r h C

Total.

3,458 14 —

3*357 6 9*

2,793 *6 — 9,936 18 — 4,000-----

45>4°8 8 —

5,906 6 6

45>4°8 8 —

3*759 *7 8*

53>701 *4 9t

£. 396*950 4 9i

AVar-office, i‘* December 17^7*

Vol. 31.

Barrington.

5

ESTIMATE

44 2

i° Decembris.

A. 1767

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference of Pay, between the British and Establishments, of Six 1’egiments of Foot serving in the Ijle of Man, at Minorca, and the ceded Islands, for 366 Days, from 25th December 1767 to 24th December 1768, both inclusive.

Number*. Pay for 366 Days. Difference.

Lieutenant General Montagu's Regiment of Foot, according to the British Establishment 329 / 85652 S. *7 d. 0 £ s. d.

Paid by Ireland for this Regiment - - 7,816 11 H

Difference - - - - 836 6 3*

Major General Toovey's Regiment, the same - 329 m - - 836 5 3$

Major General Parjlow’s, the same ... 329 - - 836 5 3l

Major General Irwin's, the same - 329 - - - 836 5 3*

Lieutenant General Strode's Regiment, according to the British Establishment ..... 500 1 o»739 1 0

Paid by Ireland for this Regiment ... - - 7»7 73 7

2,965 13

Major General Lambart's Regiment of Foot, according to the British Establishment ... 33f 8,689 9 0

Paid by Ireland for this Regiment ..... - - 7.773 7 Oi s

Difference 916 1 "1

Total 2,147 - - £ 7,226 *7

War-Office, 1" December 1767.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Fuji Pay for 366 Days, for the Year 1768, to Officers reduced with the Tenth Company of several Battalions, reduced from Ten to Nine Companies, and who remained on Half Pay at the 24th December 1765.

Per Diem. For 366 Days.

19 Captains, at 10 s.each -15 Lieutenants, at 4J. 8 each per Diem 7 Ensigns, at 3J. 8 each per Diem q 10 — 3 10 — 1 5 8 3,477 — — ' 1,2 S1 — — 469- 1} —

41 . Total - £. 'SBSSZm 14 5 8 5.227 14

War-Office, 1" December 1767.

Barrington.

Ordered, That the said Ellimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Rftimate; Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their Ordnance. Addrefc to His Majesty

17

Ellimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1768, Land Service.

And the Title of the said Ellimate was read.

The said Ellimate is as followeth 3

estimate

8 Geo. III. T Decembris.

443

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1768.

land service,

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Store-houses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Gar-rifom. Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges

Gibraltar and North Britain

Minorca -

SI. John's, Fenyland, Carbomere, Trinity Harbour and Placentia h\ Newfoundland Annapolis Royal Pay of Civil Officers,) Fuji Florida -and Artificers at West Florida - - "... "

Granada, Domimca, Tobago, St. Vi , and other ceded Islands Quebec -

New York ySenegal and Senegambia

Pay of the Corps of Engineers - "

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, coimuing of 1791 Men, Officers included -Establishnient of the Academy at Woolwich -Establishment. of the Laboratory at Woolwich Pay of Master Gunners, and Gunners, of the several Garrisons in Great Britain -

Pay of an I nfj ,ieC«or of Artillery for North America, Neufound-lavd, and the West India Islands -pay of an Infptclor and Commander of Artillery at Gibraltar and Minorca -

To Lieutenant Colonel Samuel Cleveland, in Consideration of his Services, till such Time as he shall be entitled to the Pay of Lieutenant Colonel, in the Regiment of Artillery To Lieutenant General William for his good Services

To John Chalmers, Esquire, late Major of Artillery, in Confide-

ration of his Services - -

k r-1 te"antColoiiel William Roy, Engineer, for surveyine beTonging ot *»d the adjacent Itads thereto

North America, Africa the Ea/t ei*^i

Half-pay of Officers E

extraordinaries.

: -

»- -:

Stores at - VPying«S/. John's, pe'r , -

o , " T

ovi’ards creain* th^ f°Undl«nd jn

r In^rness - g tllR new Fort . " -

£ s-

To 1 ' Td T’^ yS’ Carb°nier;

1 ovrards ercain* thL f°Undl<*nd J Warbur jn ~ *nvernrj's_ ,n» the new Fort . " -

A °wnr<is r thf* r ^ionsaf ®^aclcs in c*

Ruiltlin-Vs' b,nS a new \jl t|fications at an,i ^awd

1 'v° bunched Tefrai'y theiito32"16

??PowdiC^eI -

.0 H.

6,000

4»oooo

500

500

50o

2>Ooo

f»Ooo

*>000

500

4>oooo

9,oo0

*30,328 n

978

by

I. Decembr.

444

In full of the Charge 0^.24,812.4.?. id. for Guns, Mortars, and Ordnance Stores sent to Minorca, for replacing those expended and rendered unserviceable, in the late Siege of St. Philip's Caltle, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 7 November 1765 -

Bedding sent for Use of the Garrison at pursuant to '

His Majesty’s Warrant 5 December 1766 -In further Part, of the Charge for Timber, Bedding, Brass Ordnance, Small Arms, Powder, and other Stores, sent to Gibraltar, on Account of the late Storm; and for the better Security and Defence of the Place - -

Iron Ordnance and Stores sent to Gibraltar, for a hew Battery erected at Rofia Bay, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 22 May 1767 -

Iron Ordnance, Small Arms, and Stores, sent for the better Security and Defence of the Island of Bermuda, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order in Council 18 June 1766 *The Charge of transporting Ordnance and Stores from Senegal to James Fort on the River Gambia,with the Passage of Civil

Officers and Artificers -The Charge of Freight and Provisions, for Three Companies of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, carried from England to North America and Neivfottnaland; also of bringing Two Companies back from thence -

Pay of Officers and fupemumerary Men of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, at the ceded Iffands, from 1 January to 31st December 1767, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 25 June 1766 Arms delivered to the First and Second Troop of Horse Grenadier Guards, the First Battalion of the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards, the Sixth, Tenth, Eighteenth, Twenth-sixth, Sixty-second, and to other Regiments of Foot, in lieu of the like Number worn out and rendered unserviceable; also Pistols, Halberts and Drums, to several Regiments of Dragoons and Foot pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 31 October and 23 December 1766; 19 and 28 March, 8 and 22 May and 26 August 1767 -

An additional Supply of Ammunition, delivered to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 22 May 1767 -

Arms and Accoutrements delivered to the Militia of the Counties of Norfolk, Wanvick, Chester, and Hertford, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 15 and 16 April, 8 and 15 May, and 10 July 1767 -Ammunition delivered to Thirty-four Regiments of Militia, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 18 May 1763 Money ifluedto answer Bills of Exchange, drawn by the Pay-masters of the Trains of Artillery in North , for

Contingencies -

Money issued to answer Bills, drawn on account of repairing the Fortifications and Barracks at £. s. d.

East Florida - - - 342 12 4

West Florida - - - 1,546 19 2

Money issued to answer Bills drawn on account of building Barracks and Storehouses at the ceded Islands Pay of Engineers and other Persons sent to Netvfoundland, from 1 January to 31 December 1767 pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 1 May 1765 -

W.

II. S. Conway, Charles Frederick, A.

Cocks.

A. 1767.

Ordered,'That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perukd by the Members of the House.

Severn Mr Fulri/presented to the House, according tp Order,

to a Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Droitwich Canal, from the River Severn, at or near a Place called Canal. Ilauford,in the Parish of in the County of

IFurce/hr,to or near aPlace called Chapel within

18

the Borough of Droitivich, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Highwip and Farmers, of the County of Dorset, was presented to *nd the House, and read; Setting forth. That several of the

Provisions of the Act passed in the last Session, to explain,

Privilege.

Oxford,

over

Botlay

Causeway,

Hood.

8 Geo. III.

i° Decembris.

445

red"" io,to. One Act of Parliament, the ancient Horse Road, from the Well End of Bolty the feve.al Statutes now in being, for the Amendment causezvay, to in the County of Oxford And

and rreliTvation of the public Highways of this King- the same was received: and read the First Time. dom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, are RcCohed. That the Bill be read a Second Time, extremely grievous and oppressive: And praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration} and give such Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Complaint being made to the House, That, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, Henry

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and to indemnify Members, and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Ad-millions have been omitted to be stamped according to

John Baker, and Matthew Barrow, had, by the Insti- LaWj or having been stamped, have been loft or mif-

gation of Charley Bowyer Adderley, Esquire, forcibly jajj. anj for allowing them Time to provide Admissions

entered upon a Fishery at , on the River Tame, the Property of, and in Possession of Simon Esquire, a Member of this House, and taken Fish thereout j

Ordered, That it be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Complaint upon Friday, the 18th Day of this Instant December.

Sir Roger Netvdigate presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge and vary the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Thames Street, in the City of Oxford, over Botley Causeway, to the Turnpike Road, near Ffield, in the County of Berks; and to provide more effectually for repairing and widening

duly stamped: And that Mr. Pugh Pryfe, Mr. fend, and Lord Li/bume, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Mr. Barroto presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing William: And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a SeconATime.

Sir Edward Hawke, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, fof the Year i^68.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is preferred amongst the othep Papers of this Session; and the Abstraa thereof is as followeth; viz,.

Atibeftri

Nat.

Ntry

EstimaM)

3,i.

44<5

i° Decembris.

1767.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1768.

N*

j. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the ^Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with thei Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto.

i. Superannuated Sea Officers 3. Pensions and other Allowances

Yards

Chatham

Deptford

I I oolwich Portsmouth She ernef Plymouth

£ S. d.

[9,418 I 1

7.634 IO .9

3.295 1 6

3.142 11 4

2,520 8 8

4.054 14 e

1,813 4 6

3,245 9 6

10. Muller Mailers and other Officers of the Out Ports -

11. Wages to Ships and Ve(!eN in Ordinary -

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving the rein

.13. Charge of Harbour-Moorings, and Harbour-Rigging -

14. Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,

Buildings, Me. ——

15. Halt-pay to Sea and Marine Officers -

16. Bounty to Chaplains -

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy,"for the Year 1768 - -

C d.

33>943 4 1

i-

a7»°5a i»

18,071 10 0 3*577 t6 11 52.327 8 7

22,850 12 o 46,263 o o

105,185 o o 105,900 o o 1.231 17 6

416,403 o it

To which may be added.

To the Governors of the Royal Hospital at for the Support and Relief of

Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital, for the Year 1768, Ten thousand Pounds - -

10,000 o o

426,403 o It

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1768, amounts to Four hundred Twenty-six thousand Four hundred and Three Pounds

and Eleven Pence.

G. Cokburne, Tho. Slade, J. , E. .,

T. Brett, 11. Temple,

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

Exportation Ordered, That ihe Order of the Day, for the House of to resolve it lelf into a Committee of the whole House, Com, Me, upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act made in the lafi Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and WheaMlour; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ditto. A Petition offeveral Merchants, and Maltsters, having Stocks of Malt, made for Exportation between the 1 -jth November 1 766, and the Palling of thelaft Act Jorprohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt,tfc. was 11

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the Act of the Sixth of His present Majesty, prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, 8Cc. Liberty was given to export such Malt as had been made or wetted for Exportation before the Day the Act received the Royal Assent; and that the Petitioners, apprehending that the same Indulgence would be given in the lateA6t, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, continued in their usual Course of Business to make Malt, SCc. for Exportation, till that Act received the Royal Assent, which was in December or January last; but the Petitioners found, to their Surprize, that the Act con* fined the Liberty of exporting Malt to what was made for Exportation, and to Barley that wasfieeped, on or before the 15th November, and that the Petitioners thei\ waited the Expiration of the Act, in Expectation of

bein'

Importation of Wheat

High Pi ice of

Thmfious.

8 Geo. III. i° — 2° Decembris. 447

being at Liberty to export their Malt, after the iothDay of September; but, by the Proclamation lately ill’ued, the same Prohibition is continued, and the Malt llill remains locked up in the King’s Store-rooms under the King’s Locks; and that the said Malt is only, fit for the Dutch Distillers, being made from Barley of'an inferior Quality, and not fit to make Malt for Home Coniump-tion, and will be certainly spoiled, and probably eaten up by Vermin, unless they, can be permitted to export it; and therefore hope, that when the above Circumstances shall be duly cohfidered,' they shall meet with such Indulgence as their same may appear to merit, and not be injured in their Property by an Act which undoubtedly is of the greatest Benefit to the Nation in general, and will not be less so if the Petitioners are allowed to export their Malt, for which they hope to obtain Leave by aClause in the next Prohibition Bill for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, as their Quantity is too l’mall to answer the Expence of a private Act.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being pttt. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon |heBiH.to.continue the several Provisions contained in the several Acts,. made in the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the free Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, Barley, Barley-meal, Pulse, Oats and Oatmeal, Rye and Rye-meal, and Rice, from the Parts therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onjloio took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow. reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleafeto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. PreJcotttook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Pnfcuttreported from the Committee, That they

had come to a Resolution; which^hey had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow M orning.

Mr. PreJcott also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday, Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the feveml Acts passed

Yol. 31.

in the last Selflon of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions.

The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkins, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, imported from Ireland into from the 5th of January 1767 to the 10th of October last, which is as far as the same can be made up: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease, imported into England, from the 5th of April 1767 to 10th of October last, which is as far as the same can be made up: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of salted Filli imported into England, from America, and exported from hence from 5th of January 1767 to the 10th of October last, which is as far as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The saidAccounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 20 die Decembris;

Anno 8* Georgii III. U Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

fOIIN Francis Roftier, and

J Lewis de Wilier min, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill to enable James the Younger,

Esquire, and his Issue, to take- and ule the Surname and Arms of Holden, pursuant to the Will of Robert Holden, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Norris, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Ilaycs, Mr. Foley, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Totionjhend, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr.

Harris, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Alderman Beck ford, Mr.

Luttrell, Sir Richard/WaricickBampfylde, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Hewelt, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Middleton, Lord Grey, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Town/hMr. Lord

Villiers, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Byde, Sir Robert broke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, Lancaster, and York: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing John Francis and

Charles AugustusRudolph Lewis de was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger Newdigate, Lord Bro:onlow , Sir Brooke Bridges, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Willoughby, Lord Beauchamp,

Mr. Vane, Sir William Codrington Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Skiffner, Mr. Conway, Mr. FullerMr. Foley, Mr. Mon-

tagu, Mr. Harr is,"Sir. Barrow, M r. Knigh t, Mr.

Mr. Fonnereau, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Mr.

Smith, Mr. West, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr Sir Gibbons, Mr. Gore, Lord Grey, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir George Pococke, General/raw, M r M r.

Mr. Luttrell, Lord George Sack Sir James Long, Mr Blackstone, "Six. Damer, Nix.Norris, Sir Richard Wanvick Rampfylde, LordVilliers, Mr. CoJackfon, Mr.

Hayes,

Accounts Salted Pro' ii;on &c.

Sliuttlewort Ii Name*

Roflier's

and

Willermin

Nat.

Gou^pBrft

Koad.

Lobcombe

Corner,

&c.

Hoads.

448 tfDecembris. . 1757,

Hayes, Mr. Pullet, Mr. Craven, Sir Charles Kemys of such of the Roads', included in the said Act of the Tynte, Mr. Drummond, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr* Me- First Year of His present Majesty, as lie between the thuen: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five Turnpike Gate at and Wilton Bridge, other-

of the Clock, in "the Speaker’s Chamber. wife Burden's Ball Bridge, and between Wilton

otherwise Burden's Ball Bridge, and the Turnpike Gate Sir Brook Bridges reported from the Committee, to at Knook, near , and between the fame

whom the Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Bridge and the Turnpike Road near Willoughby Bridge; Gentlemen, Clergy and Freeholders, living in and near and the Trustees under the said Act of the Twenty-Goudhurst, in the County of Kent, whose Names are sixth Year of his late Majesty, were enabled to borrow thereunto subscribed,in Behalf of themselves, and others the further Sum of One thousand Pounds, for making in the said County, was referred. That the Committee the said additional Roads, with Power to erect Turn-had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had pike Gates on the said intended additional Roads, and directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to Stop Gates within proper Distances of any of the Roads them, to the House; and he read the Report in hisPlace; included under that Act, or of the said intended addi-and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: tional Roads; and the Trustees in the Act of the First Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. Year of His present Majesty were enabled to borrow To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. the Sum of Five thousand Pounds on the Credit John Pope and Mr. Richard RatcliJJe, being examined, thereof; and the Direction of all the Roads included in said, That the several Roads described in the Petition, the Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, extend in the Whole about Eight Miles; and that the and also of the said intended additional Roads, were same are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many continued and put under the Care and Management Places, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened of the present Trustees, under that Act; and the Di-by the Laws in being. rest ion of the Roads included under the said Act of

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for His present Majesty, were continued and put under the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Care and Management of the present Trustees, under Roads, leadiugto and through the Town of Goudhtir/l, that Act; and additional Terms, and further Powers, in the County of Kent: And that Sir Brook Bridges, were granted for the repairing the said Roads, and the Sir Francis Vincent, and Mr. Barrow, do prepare, and Powers of the said Acts extended, and the said additional bring in, the fame. Roads added to the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act of the Twenty-sixth of his late Majesty; all the A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execu- laid Roads might be put into and kept in effectual tion an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Repair: And therefore praying the House to take the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repair- Premises into Consideration; and that Leave may be ing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcombe given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with Corner, in the Parish of Winlerjlozv, to Harnham Bridge, such Powers and Regulations as to the House shall in the County of Wilts, and from the West Corner of St. seem meet.

Anne's Street, in the City of KewSarum, to- the Parishes Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

of Landfordand Brook, and from thence to Ealing, and Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

ftoin Landford aforesaid through Owcr and Tejkooood, to mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

Ealing aforesaid, in the County of Southampton , and shall appear to them to the House:

also, of several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act And it is referred to General Lord Grey, Mr;

of the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Jacks Mr. Harris, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. West,

intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping Mr. Stanley, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Ellis, Sir

in Repair, the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge, to Roger Mr. Alderman Sir Brook

the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoyle, Bridges, Sir Francis Vincent,\jord Villiers, Lord George

and from Wilton Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at the Cavendish, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Fitzroy Scuda-

West End of Heytesbury; and also, the Road from the more, Mr. Hayes, General Honywood, -

Turnpike Road at the Topof RedhoneHill, in the Parish Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Mr. Dodd,

of Urjhfont, to the Mile Stone, at the Western End of Mr. Sir William Beauchamp Profior, Mr.

Fisherton Street, in the County of Wilts ;was presented Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Windham, Sir to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Peti- William Codrington; and all the Members who serve for lioners have severally preceded to put the said Acts the Counties of Wilts, Hants, Southampton, Somerset, into Execution, and have made great Progress in the and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Repairs of the said Roads; and that the Trustees of the Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Roads comprised within the last mentioned Act, find Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired by

the Tolls thereby granted, and the Money now due A Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, Coventry tipon the Credit of the said Act repaid, during the from the City of Coventry, to communicate, upon Frad-subsisting Term; and that the Road leading from the ley Heath, in the County of with a Canal now Ctoi

Three Lions Inn, in Salisbury, through the Market making between the Rivers Trent and Mersey, was read Place, to Fisherton Bridge,aforesaid; and also, the Road a Second Time.

from Catherine Street, through the Wood Market to Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed to Lord -Fisherton Bridge aforesaid; and also, the Road from champ, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Lord Brotvnlow Bertie,

Brook to Lyndhurst, crofting the Ringwood Road, in Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Conway, WLr. Rigby, S\r Charles the County of Southampton;are in a ruinous Con- Bu Sir Richard Warwick General

dition, and in several Parts narrow and incommodious. A'Court, Mr. Gilbert, Lord Grey, Mr. Anson, Mr. and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in good Yorke, Mr. Fuller, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Toint-Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and Repre- Jhe, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Heivctt, Mr. Fan-fenting to the House, that if the said several Roads, nereau, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Gore, Sir John Gibbons, directed to be repaired by the said Acts, were to be in- Mr. Fuller, Mr. Coventry, Sir George Yonge, Sir eluded in One Act of Parliament, and the Sum of Two Francis , Mr. Harris, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Wal-

hundred Pounds per Annum, or One equal Fifth Part of pole, Lord Villiers, Mr. Middleton, Sir Charles Hardy, the Tolls arising Annually from the said Act of the Lord Lijburne, Mr. , Mr. Dodd, Mr. Craven, Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, after deducting Mr. Coutts, Mr. Morant, Captain Elliot; and all the Salaries of the Clerk, Treasurer, Gate-Kjeeper, and the Members who serve for the Counties of War-Surveyor, at the.Option of the Trustees under that Act, wick, Oxford, Derby, Leicester, Chester, and

be paid to and applied by the Trustees for the Repair Lancaster; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at 16 Five

8 Geo. III. a,0 — 30 449

Five of the Clock in thfe Speaker’s Chamber; and all Clerk’s Table: Where the fatne tvas read; and is as who come are to have Voices. followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, A Petition of the Bailiff and other Inhabitants of the That the Importation of all Sorts of salted Provisions Borough of Crick lade, in the County of Wilts, was pre- be admitted, for a limited Time, free of Duty, fented to the House, and read; Complaining of the The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was Distresses which the Poor in general labour under from upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the the Dearness of Corn and other Provisions: And pray- House.

ing the House to take the Premifes into Consideration; Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said and provide such Remedies for the Distresses of the Resolution: And that the Lord Clare, the Lord North, Poor, as shall be thought moil prudent and fitting. and Sir Joseph do prepare, and bring in, the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the fame.

Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to

whom it is referred to consider further of the several The other Order of the Day being read;

Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative The House resolved itself into a Committee of the,

to Corn and Provisions. whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Exportation Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do make the Report from Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Coro, &c. C0Htjnue and amend an Act made in' the last Session Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

of Parliament, to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Ex- Mr. from the Committee, That they

portation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, had come to several Resolutions; which they had direct* Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of Low ed him to report, when the House will please to receive Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour; was the fame.

committed. Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Mr. Cooper accordingly reported from the said Com- Morning, mittce, the Amendments which the Committee had Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was

made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be directed by the Committee to move, that they may

reported to the House; and he read the Report in his have Leave to fit again.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a House, to consider further of the Supply granted to Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question His Majesty. severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ingrossed. Morning, Nine of the Clock.

High Price 5 of Provisions.

Importation Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do make the Report from of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill 'Wheat, See. to con);jnue the several Provisions contained in the

several Arts made in the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the free Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, Barley, Barley-meal, Pulse, Oats and Oat-meal, Rye and Rye-meal, and Rice, from the Parts therein mentioned, was committed.

Mr. Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Jovis, 3* die Decembris;

Anno 8® Georgii III" Regis, 1767, Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, to proceed upon any private Business after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That Lord Broumlozo Bertie be added ,to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right honourable Matthew Lord Lord of

the Manor of Stow, in the Parish of Threekingham, in the County of Lincoln; and the humble Petition of Richard Wynne, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Three* kingham, and the Reverend John Towers, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish of Threekingham.

The Queen’* The Lord Percy acquainted the House, that the Answer to Gentlemen appointed to attend Her Majesty with the coa<;r»ctiiuory congratulatory Message of this House, had attended Message. Her Majesty accordingly; and that Her Majesty was pleased to say,

Gentlemen,

The Duty shewn to the King on this Occasion, and Attention to me, require my lincere Thanks. My warmest Willies will ever attend the Prosperity of this Nation.

High Price Ordered, That the Lord Clare do make the Report ' from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it

Provisions. was referred to consider further of the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions.

The Lord Clare accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in . his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the

VOL. 31.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and Places adjacent; and also of the Towns of Wolverhampton and Bilston, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Bev^/ey, being examined, said. That he attended Mr. Brindley in making his Surveys, and that Mr. Brindley is of Opinion, that it is practicable to make a Cut, or Canal, for the Navigation of Boats and other Veffds from Birmingham,to or near Smethwick, Old-

5 Y kury

Supply,

Private Bufinel*.

Threekingham

Inclosure.

Birmingham

Canal*

45°

3" Decembris.

A. 1767.

bury, Tipton Green, and Bilston, in the Counties of War- Top of Crickley in the County of Ghucefier, to

nick and St afford, by or near several large Coal Mines; Ftogg Mill, through the Towns of Northleacli, and also Two collateral Cuts up to or near the said arid Whitney, and Parishes of Ilanborough and Bladon, Coal Mines; and also a proper Road or Way from each to in the Parish of Kidlinglon, in the County of the said Coal Mines to the said intended Canal, and of Oxford; and also the Road from Whitney, through

Cuts; and also to continue the said Cut or Canal from or near Bilston to or near Aulherley, in the County of Stafford, to join the Canal now making between the Rivers Sever yand Trent: And that the Expence of making such Canal and Cuts will amount to the Sum

Enfham, Cuinner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford,

except so much thereof as relates to the Road from Whitney, through Enfham, Cumner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Campsfield, to the Turnpike Road at

of^.30,000, or thereabouts. And the Witness informed or near Enflow Bridge, in the said County of Oxford your Committee, that a Subscription was opened, and And that Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Borrow, and she whole Sum was immediately subscribed; and that, Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

if more Money should be wanted, he did not imagine

there would be any Difficulty in procuring it. Sir Brook Bridges presented to the House, according Goudlwft

Mr. George Holloway, being examined, said. That be to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping is acquainted with the Country through which the Canal in Repair, several Roads leading to and through the is to pals; that the making such Canal will be of great Town of Goudhurst, in the County of KentAnd the Advantage to the several Manufactories carried on in feme was received; and read the First Time, the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham, and like- That the Bill be read a Second Time,

wife to the several Towns and Places adjoining, by

enabling them to procure Coals at an easier Rate, and A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, w ill open a more easy Communication between the and principal Inhabitants, residing in the County of Town of Birmingham and the Ports of Bristol, Hull, Durham, and of the Trustees named in a certain Act and Liverpoole, and will also tend to the Improvement of Parliament, for repairing a Road leading from of the adjacent Lands, the Relief of the Poor, the Pre- derlund by the Sea, in the said County of Durham, to fervatiou of the public Roads, and be of public Utility, the City of Durham, whose Names are thereto fub-Ordered, That Leave be given to hring in a Bill for feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, forth. That the Trustees appointed to put the said Act from Birmingham to Bilfione; and for making collateral in Execution have borrowed £.2000, upon the Credit

Cuts, and Waggon-Ways, from several Coal Mines j thereof, which is now due, and the Tolls collected in and for continuing the said Canal from Bilfione to Au- pursuance of the said Act, and the Money so borrowed, therley, there to communicate with the Canal now have been duly applied; but the Tolls will not be fuf-

Sundcrlaoi

to

Durham

Road,

making between the Rivers Severn and Trent; and that Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Roger Newdigate, and the Lord Beauchamp, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

thre«kinsham Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, ac-Isclosure. cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Meatfowsof «$Voa>, within the Parish of Threekingham,in the County of Lincoln:

And the feme was received; and read the First Time. Rej'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Criakkf Hill

- Raid,

ficient to pay the said Principal Money, and the Interell thereof, and to amend and keep in Repair the said Road, unless the Term, Tolls, and Powers, be further prolonged, enlarged, and continued: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring a Bill for prolonging, enlarging, and continuing the Term, Tolls, or Duties, and Powers in the said Act mentioned, it such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it to whom the Petition of the acting Trustees, whose shall appear to them, to the Hoyfe:

Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execu- And it is referred to Mr. Vone, Mr. Seltoyn, Mr. tion an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of His Townshend, Mr. Smith, Mr. Edmonfione, Mr fete Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Top of Colonel Nugent, Lord Lifbume, Sir Francis Vincent, Crickley Hill, in the County of Ghucefier, to Frogg Mill, Mr. Montagu, Mr Mr. Gray, Mr. Blackstone,

through the Towns of Northleach, B//rford,fmd Whitney, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Grey, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. and Parishes of Ilanborough and Bladen, to Camp field. Lord Grey, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Coutts, in the Parish of Kidlinglon, in the County of Oxford; M Mr. Cooper, Mr. Gore, Mr. General

and also the Road from Whitney, through Enfham, Mr. Mr. Mr. Sir

Cumner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford; wra9 re- Maynard, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lewis; and all the Metor frrred; That the Committee had examined the Matter bers who serve for the Counties of Durham, Northim-of the said Petition; and had directed him to report her land, Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancaster, and York: the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the

read the Report in his Place;, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And Mr. James Gray, being examined, laid, r\ hat the Trustees have made great Progress in the Repair of the said Roads, and have borrowed confident Ide Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Act, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in i'ufficient Repair, uuleis the said Act be further continued.

That the Road from Campfield to the Turnpike limited Time, the Exportation of Corn/Grain, Meal, Road at or near Enfimo Bridge, is very narrow and Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the ruinous, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and ordinary courlb of Law. W heat-flour: was read the Third Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Resolved, That the Bill do'pass: And that the Title continuing and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed bo; An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the

PirbW

Wn'.

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend ior Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a CommilOoner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Peebles, in the room of John Dickson, Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill to continue and amend an Act Exportitkn

made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a,

* — - — " - - - Conij

in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the

22

Jail Session of Parliament, -to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Cora, Grain, Meal, Malt,

FJour,

8 Geo. III. 30- — 4* D. 451

Flour, Bread, Bifcult, and Starch; afld hlfo the EktraO tion of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Importation An ingrossed Bill to continue the several Provisions of Wheat, container! in the several Acts, made in the Iaft Session of Parliament, for allowing the free Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, Barley, Barley-meal, Pulse, Oats, and Oat-meal, Rye and Rye-meal, and Rice, from the Parts therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue several Acts, made in the Iaft Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of Wheat, AVheat-flour, Barley, Barley-meal, Pulse, Oats, Oat-meal, Rye and Rye-meal, Duty free; and also, so much of an Act made in the same Session as relates to the free Importation of Rice from His Majesty’s Colonies in North America; and to allow the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour from Africa, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

High Price of

Prorifioix.

A Petition of the May of and Burgesses of the City of Gloucester, in Council assembled: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of Bath, in Common Council assembled;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Dearness of Corn and other Provisions} and praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and afford such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Acts passed in the iaft Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions.

thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Rqfohed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Lord Clare presented to the House, according stltetf to Order, a Bill to permit the Importation of salted Provisiou*. Provisions into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited.

Duty free: And the same was received) and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, ah Account! Account of the Amount of the several Duties that have Dntie* on been paid on- the Importation of Bacon, Bologna Sato-sages, Caviar, and Botargo, from 111 January 1760,-, diitinguishing the Amohht of the Duties tit each leaf.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veheris, 4* die Decetnbris;

Anno 8* Georgii IIItiS Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

THE House being moved, in purfuapee of the Private Order of Yesterday, that Leave be given to move ®ufiDeft* the House, this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House, tins Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business rhay be entered upon, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Grundy’* A Bill to enable John Swinfen, lately called John Name. Grundy; and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and

Arms of Swinfen, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Foley, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Martin, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Glover, Sir John Filmer, Mr. Blackjlonc, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Shiftier, Sir Roger Newdigale, Mr. Cooper, Mr.

Ashburnham, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Edmonjione, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Fuller, Lord Clair, Lord Grey, Mr. Harris, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Bull, Mr. Sir George Pococke,

Mr. Burrell, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Sihith, Mr.

Townshend, Sir Merrick Burrell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Buller, Mr. West, Mr Mr. Garth; and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, Warwick, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Supply. Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, Ihe Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 'Unit Sixteen thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight, including Four thousand Two hundred Eighty-seven Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man, per Month, he allowed for maintaining the said Sixteerl Yol. 31.

Sir CharlesMordaunt presented to the House, accord- Birmingham

ing to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Canal, navigable Cut, or Canal, from Birmingham to and for making collateral Cuts, and Waggon-Ways, from several Coal Mines; and for continuing the said Caq^H from Bilstone to Autherley,there to Communicate with the Canal now making between the Rivers Severn and Trent: And the same was received; and read the

First Time. ‘

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Robert Ladbtoke reported froth the Committee, Black Friars to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Bridge

Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council Roa<ls* assembled, which was presented to the House upon the 25th Day of November Iaft, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the faihe, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and i3 as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, all Act, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Friars in the Gity of London to the opposite Side in the County of Surrey, and to make several Avenues thereto; and also an Act passed in the Iaft Session of Parliament for completing the said Bridge, and the Avenues thereto, on the Side; were read: Then,

Mr. Robert Milne, Surveyor, being examined, said.

That the Works of the said Bridge are hi ftieh f'otward-

452

ness, that lie thinks a Taffage over the same for Car* riages may be opened some Time in the next Summer; and that it will be necessary to make a new Road or Roads from the South End of the said Bridge, to communicate with the Turnpike Roads leading from Butts to the Borough of Southwark, and from -

Ion Common to the City of and also to make,

widen, and improve several other Communications between Black Friars BridgeLondon Bridge, and Westminster Bridges but that, there being no Fund for thel'ePurposes, the same cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making One or more Road or Roads, from the South End of the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Friars, in the City of L, to the opposite Shore in

the County of Surreys and for making, widening, and improving several Communications between the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Town and Borough of Southwark: And that Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Coventry/, the Lord Mayor of London, Sir Rickard Glyn, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Paterson, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Tlirale, Sir Francis Vincent, and Mr.

Onjbw, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Buckland A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and

Dinham others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing Road. jn or near, and travelling in and upon, the several Roads therein-after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Roads from Buck-land Dinham, in the County of Somerset, through Parts of the Parishes of Ilemmingtm,

Camerton, Midsummer Norton, through Clandown, to Potvs A/hes, in the Tithing of Welton, in the said Parish of Midsummer Norton; and from thence to the End of

the Parish of Tiin/bury, leading towards Bristol; and also from the White Post, in the Parish of Midsummer Norton

aforesaid, through Parts of the Parishes of Stratton, Hol-come, Kilmerfdon and through Falkland, to the End of the Parish of Norton Saint Philips, leading to the Parish of Farleigh Castle, in the said County, are all in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Gourse of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repair, amend, alter, widen, turn, and shorten the said several Roads; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred tQ^the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Bull, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Lascelles, Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Harris, Sir Joseph Mazobey, Mr. Townshend, Sir

Mr. Shffner, Sir Charles Hardy, Lord Gar lies, Mr. Hunt,

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Smith, Mr Mr. Tucker,

Mr. West, Lord George Sir Charles Kemys

Tynte, Mr. Gray, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Clare, Mr. Dyfon, Sir George Yunge, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Grey, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Thrale, Mr. Bond, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Merrick, Admiral Cornish, Sir Samuel Fludyer, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Gores and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, Cornwall, Wilts, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chair; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

BUiingbM-oujh, ' Lord Brozcnlow Bertie reported from the Committee, c' to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Matthew

c o ure. Lor<i Fortescue, Lord of the several Manors of Billing-borough and Birthorpe, in the County of Lincoln; and the humble Petition of He?try Goodyeare, Gentleman, on Behalf of Thomas Burton, a Minor, who is also Lord of ' 1$

1767.

the Manor of Buckminjfcr Hall,within the said Manor

of Billingborough j the Reverend John Towers, Vicar of

the Parish of Billingborough aforesaid; the Reverend Bmvnloice Toller, Clerk; Daniel Douglas, Esquire , and others, Proprietors of Lands within the said Parishes of Billingborough and Birthorpe, whose Names are thereunder subscribed; was referred That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House , and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Bobert Bankes, being examined, said, That there are several open Common Fields and Meadow Grounds in the said Parishes of Billingborough and Birthorpe, and also a Common Fen belonging to the said Parishes which is frequently overflowed with Water; and that it would be a great Advantage to the Parties interested, if Pow'erwas given for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said Fields and Meadows, and Common Fen, and embanking and draining the fame.

Mr. Benjamin Smith confirmed the above Evidence. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, within the Parishes of Billinglwrovgh and Birthorpe, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving the said Fen: And that Lord Brozvnlozo Bertie, Sir Joseph Mawbey, and Mr. Bertie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Colonel Fitzroy reported from the Committee, to Tbetfbrf whom the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, Common- Ro4tl* alty, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Thetford, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalfofthemfelvesandothers; and also the Petition of the High Sheriff, Grand Jury, and Justices of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, and others, at the Assizes held at the Caltle of Norwich in the Shire House there, in and for the said County of Norfolk, on Wednesdaythe 12th Day of August 1767; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Haws said. That he know s the Road described in the Petition, which is in a very ruinous Condition;

That he has known several Carriages stuck fail in attempting to pass it, and others overturned: That the Road cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law, the Parishes through which it leads being very extensive, and the Inhabitants in general in low Circum-llances. And,

Thomas Wright, Esquire, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Air. Hazes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the Road from Christopher's , in the

Borough of Thetford, in the County of Suffolk, to the Turnpike Road, at the South-west End of the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge: And that Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Secretary Conway, Sir Charles Bunbiny, and Mr. Fonnereau, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of David Peyer Imhoff, was presented to ImhofP* the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be Nt. given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Joseph Mazvbey and Mr. Prescott do prepare, and brine in, the fame.

The

4’ Decembris.

Silted

Kovifiony.

Ways tod Means*

High Price of

Protons.

8 Geo. III. 4° — 7° De 453

The Lord Lifbumepresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to permit the Importation of salted Provisions into this Kingdom, for aTime to be limited. Duty free, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being pnt, That this House do immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j

Tellers for the Noes, j j 34-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Corning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the (hid Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, Tl\a.t this House will,upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair:

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report; and that he was also directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Cooper also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself 'into a Committee of the whole

Vol. 3?.

House, to consider futthef of the several Acts pdffed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunay 70 die Decembris; Anno 8* Georgii IIP1 Regis, 1767. Praters,

SI R Joseph Mawbey presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for naturalizing David Peyer Irnhojf: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and through the Town o t Goudkurjt,in the County of Kent, was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Brook Brydges, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Knight, Mr.

Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Norris, Mr. Smith,

Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Vane,

Sir Joseph Mawbey, Sir Peter Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Lord Lif

burne, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Mr.

Willoughby, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Cooper, Lord North, Sir Charles Hardy, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Fuller; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, and Suffer j and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at rive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Lif burne, Mr. Smith, Mr. Pryce, Mr. Willoughby, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Town fend. Sir Brook Brydges, Mr. Vane, Mr. Gilbert, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Harris, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. -try, Mr. Bindley, Sir Charles Hardy, Sir Peter Leicester, Mr. Wynn, Sir John Wynn, Sir Cotton,

Lord Broumlow Bertie, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Fitzherbert,

Sir Herbert Lloyd, Mr. Foley, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Richard Wanvick Bampfylde, Mr Mr. Hewett,

Sir George Saville, Lord George General

A'Court, Mr. Onslow, Sir Charles Kemys, Tynte, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Hvjfey, Mr. Edmon-

jtone, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Shiftier, Colonel Burgoyne, Sir William Baker, Mr Mr.

Touchet, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Lewis: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Browning .*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Ex-

' 5 Z portation

11111)08*$

Nat.

Goudhurst

Road*.

Office!

and

Employment*;

Exportation of Corn, tcc.

454

7* Decemhris.

A. 1767.

portation of Com, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of Low . Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour; with- . out any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act 4c. to continue several Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat-flour, Barley, Barley-meed, Puise, Oats, Oatmeal, Rye, and Rye-meal, Duty free; and also so much of an Act, made in the same Session, as relates to the free Importation of Rice from His Majesty’s Colonies in North America^ and to allow the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, from , for a limited Time, free of Duty; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

*SSgT A Bill for dividing and melding the Open and Common Fields, and Meadows, of Stow, within the Parish of Threekingham,in the County of , was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bull, Sir Brook Bridges, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Toumjhend, Lord Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sir Roger,

Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. , Mr. Smith, Mr. , Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Burrell, General A'Court, Mr. Fon- nereau. Sir Herbert Lloyd, Mr. Mr.

Lord Brownlow Bertie, Sir Joseph Mr.

jtone, Mr. Fenton, Mr. Lord Mr.

Gray, Mr. Bond, Mr. Formal, General Honeywood, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Walter, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. West, Sir RichardWarwickBampfylde, Colonel Burgoyne; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, and York; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mffl- Sir Brook Brydges reported from the Committee, to °* ' whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the amending,

’ widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roaid leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone, at the upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of in the County of Kent, to a certain Place, called Lake, in the

Parish of Cranbrooke, in the said County, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them>-to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And Mr. James Tapley, being examined, said. That, in pursuance of the said Act, a great Sum of Money has been expended in repairing the said Road, £. 10,200 of which Hill remains owing; notwithstanding which, the greatest Part of the said Road is at present very ruinous.

Mr. Richard Willis, Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, laid, that the Tolls collected upon the said Road amount to about£. 550 per Annum, upon an Average of Seven Years i. and the Coraposition received from the Parities amounts to about £. 75 per Annum; and that the Interest of Money, and other Expences, exclu-five of Repairs, amount to £.665 per Annum.

And both the Witnesses said, that the present Tolls are infulHcient, and that the said Road cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed be repaid, nnlefs the Tolls be increased, and the Term and Powers in the said Act enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his Jate Majesty, intituled, An Act for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-niue iS

Mile Stone, at the upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of Maulftone,in the County of , to a certain

Place called Tubb's Lake, in the Parish of Cranbrooke in the said County: And that Sir Brook Brydges, Sir Charles Hardy, and Mr. Fairfax, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enlarge and vary the 'Berm and Powers of (jrfotd an Act for repairing and widening the Road, from the ova West End of Thames Street, in the City of Oxford, over Botley Botley Causeway, to the Turnpike Road, near Fifieldi in

the County of Berks; and to provide more effectually for repairing andwidening the ancient HorseRoad, from the West End of Botley Causeway, to Whitney, in the County of Oxford; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Black*

stone, Mr. Gilbert, Sir BogerNeicdigate, General A'Court,

Mr. Foley, Mr. ifeivett, Mr. Willoughby, Sir Brook Brydges, Sir George Savile, Lord Charles Spencer, Sir Herbert Lloyd, Sir George YongMr. Cafwall, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Potvnall, Sir Peter Leicester, Mr.

Rigby, Mr. Cuji, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Mr. Fomereau, Lord Adam Gordon, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fuller, Lord George Cavendish, Lord Lifbutne, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Wil-

liam Beauchamp Proflor, Mr. SoGeneral Homi-wood, Mr. Barrow, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Milles, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Montagu, Lord Garlies, Mr.

well, Mr. Prescott-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Berks, and

Hereford-, and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, Sevan or Canal, from the River Severn, at or near a Race called ,0.

Hawford,in the Parish of Claines, in the County of 7^ Worcester, to or near a Place called Chapel Bridge, within the Borough of Droitwich, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Foley,

Sir Roger Newdigate, Lord Grey, Mr. Mr.

Hewett, Sir George Savile, Mr. General

A’Court, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Luttrell., Mr. Sandys, Mr. Coventry,

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Burrell, Mi-. Touchet, Mr. Champion, Mr, Bull, Mr. Grenville, Lord George Cavendish, Mf. Cust, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Staunton,

Mr. Montagu, Sir Herbert Lloyd, Lord Mr.

Tmonfend, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Harris, Mr. Scudamore, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Ixnondes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Drake, Mr. Vane, Mr. Howard, Sir Joseph Mawbey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Hereford, Stafford,

Warwick, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Owners of Lands, Tithes, and Com- ®urton. mon Rights, in the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish 1 of Burton Joyce, and Bulcote, in the County of Nottingham, whose Naples are thereunto set, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands beIongingtothe Petitioners,in the said Fields, Meadows,

Pastures, and Lands, lie greatly intermixed, and dif-perfect in small Parcels; and it would be for the Ad* vantage of the Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the fame, in such Manner as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Hewett and Mr. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.'

A Petition

Mexborough

indofure.

Winfrith

Newburgh

ludoiure.

Royal A (Tent to Bills.

Roller’s

and

WiHermin’s

Nat.

8 Geo. III. 7" Decembris. 455

A Petition of James Garland, Esquire, and Till, Esquire, Lords of the Manor of Mexborough, John Earl Mexborough, in the Kingdom of , the Honourable Elizabeth Finch, Widow, Henry Wickham, Esquire, Francis Denner, Gentleman, John Pepper, Richard Harrop, and John Axe, for themselves, and several other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Right of Common, within the Parish of Me thorough, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are several Arable or Manurable Lands and Grounds, within the Common Fields of the said Parish, called the Wood Field, the Middle Field, the Lena Field, the Rakes, the North lags, and the Law Ings, respectively, containing together, by Estimation, about 875 Acres; and also several Stinted Pallures, called the Low the Old Moor, the Leach, and the Leys, containing together about 96 Acres; and also a Piecq of Open Pasture, Common, or Waste Ground, called the Banks, containing about Two Acres; and also a Piece of Open Pasture, or W afte Ground, called the Bull Green, containing about Three Acres; and also a Common, Heath, or‘Waste Ground, called Doll Cliff, containing about 132 Acres; and also divers Undivided Inclosures, containing about Twenty Acres, which, so long as they lie open, are, in a great measure, incapable of Improvement; and that the Petitioners are therefore desirous that the same may be inclosed and divided, and that a proper Recompence may be made for the Tithes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hewett, Lord "George Cavendish, and Sir George Savile, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bond presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and ipclosing the Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Sheep Downs, Commons, Common Heaths, and other Waste Grounds, in the Parish or Manor of Winfrith Newburgh, in the County of Dorset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a-Second Time.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis -neux. Gentleman Uiher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went ujp to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the public Bills following; viz.

An Act to continue and amend an Act, made-in the last Session ol Parliament, to prohibit, for alimitedTime, the Exportation of Com, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Bifeuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat-flour.

An Act to continue several Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat-flour. Barley, Barley-meal, Pulse, Oats, Oat-meal, Rye, and Rye-meal, Duty free; and also, so much of an Act, made in the same Session, as relates to the free Importation of Rice from His Majesty’s Colonies in North America-, and to allow the Importation of Wheat and Wheat-flour, from Africa, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

Sir Roger Newdigatereported from the Committee,

to. whom the Bill for naturalizing John Francis RoJJier and Charles Augustus Rodolph de Willermin, was committed, That the Committee had examined $he Al* Voi.. 31.

legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee haddirefted him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment j and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of Sir James Lowther, Baronet, 1-ord of the Manor of Laleham and Billets, otherwise Laleham Billets, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, for and on Behalf of himself and divers Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Manor, there are certain Large and Open Fields, wherein the Property of the Petitioner and the other Owners are greatly intermixed, and He much dispersed, and also certain Wastes or Commons, whereon the Petitioner and others, having Lands and Tenements within the said Manor, have Right in Common; and that there is, within the said Manor, and belonging thereto, a large Pasture, called Laleham Bunoay, wherein the Petitioner and others, having Farines or Cattle Gates, have Right of Pasturage in common together, at certain Times of the Year; and-that the said Property lying so'intermixed and dispersed renders the Cultivation and Improvement of the said Fields left practicable: And therefore praying. That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for allotting, di« riding, inclosing, and improving the said Open Fields, Wastes, or Common and Pasture, among the Petitioner and the other Owners, according to their respective Rights therein, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall feemmeet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Anthony Bacon and Mr. Fuller do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Protifions, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Cleric’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Importation of Maize, or Indian Corn, be admitted, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

The said Resolution, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Cooper, the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, and the Lord Clare, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Cooper also reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Laws relating to the Assize of Bread; and to import their Opinion thereupon to the House.

And Mr. Cooper moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Laws relating to the Assize of Bread; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Cooper, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Paterson,t Mr. Ellis, Mr. Gray, Lord Clare, the Lord Mayor of London, Lord Grey, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Robert . Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Dowdeftvell, Sir,

Mr. OiflaW, Sir RichardGlyn, Si Tynte,

Mr. Burke, Mr. Bedford, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Black* stone, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Fitz Sir Gilbert Elliot,

Mr. Bond, Mr. Gore, Mr. Dyfon, Lord Lijburne, Mr. Formereau, Mr. Vone, Mr San

ton, Mr. W(ft, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Sir Wil-

liam Baker, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Hiffey, Mr. Montagu,

Mr.

Laleham

Indofuic.

High Pnc^ of

Provisions.

45<*

8° Decembris.

r

A. 1767;

Way* and M«an«.

Mr. Morion, Mr. Lowndes: And they are to meet this duced, with the Tenth Company of several Battalions,

Afternoon* at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s reduced from Ten to Nine Companies, and who re-Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, mained on Half Pay, at the 14th of December 1765, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices. be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Ordinary Ellimate of His Ma* Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the jesty’s Navy, for the Year 1768, be referred to tire said Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Committee.

to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply Ordered, That the Ellimate of the Charge of the granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Com- Office of Ordnance, fortheYear 1768, Land Service, mittee had directed him to report to the House; which be referral to the said Committee.

he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s 1'able: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1768, be further continued, and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which iha.il be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry, which shall be made for Sale, within the

Then the House resolved itielf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was

Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June directed by the Committee to move, that they may 1768 to the 24th Day of June 1769. have Leave to lit again.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-upon the QueRion put thereupon, agreed to by the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House. House, to consider further of the Supply granted to

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in Upon the said His Majesty.

Resolution: And that Mr Paterson,the Lord North,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Pryfe CampbeMr. Attorney Gene-

ral, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Bradshaw, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

of

Provisio&

Salted

Provisions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit the Importation of failed Provisions into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, Dutyfree, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; v

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir JoJep/i Matobey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

The other Order of the Day being read;'

Resolved, That this House will, upon. HighPria

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions.

Ahd then. the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 8° die Decembris;

Anno 8° Georgii III*5' Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

Corentnr

to

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow fltherstone, in the County of Wanoick, was presented Morning. , to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Peti-

tioners observing, by the Votes of the House, that a

Supply, The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill is brought in for making and maintaining a navi-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to gable Cut, or Canal, from Gosford Green, near the City consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; to or near Fradley in the County

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the of Stafford, to communicate with a Canal between the Guards, Garrisons,andotherHis Majesty’sLand Forces River Trent and the River and apprehending

in Great Britain, from 25th December 1767 to 24th that it would greatly conduce to the Advantage and

Benefit of the said Town of AtherJlonc, ami Neighbour-

December 1768, both Days inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ellimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in tiarrifon at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th December 1767 to the 24th December 1768, both Days inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General, and General Staff Officers, in Great Britain, for the Year 1768, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ellimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establilhroents of Six Regiments Foot, forving in the Ijle of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the ceded Blands, for 366 Days, from 25th December 1767 to .24 th December 1768, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Full

hood thereof, if the Course of the said navigable Cut, or Canal, be directed on the South West Side of the said Town: Therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law; and that such Clause, or Clauses, may be inserted therein, for directing the Course of the said Cut, or Canal, on the South Well Side of the Town of AtherJlonc aforesaid, and for securing such Advantage and Benefit to the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from the City of Coventry, to communicate upon Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, with a Cana! now making between the Rivers Trent and 'Meis committed.

A Bill for making anti maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from Birmingham toR; and for making

1

Pay, for .366 Days, for the Year 1768, to Officers re- Collateral Cuts, and Waggon-Ways, from several Coal

Mines;

8* Decembr*

Buckland

Durham

Hoad.

Drake’s

Name.

Highways and T urnpike Roads.

8 Geo. III.

Mines; and for continuing the said Canal from to Autherley,there to communicate with the Canal

now making between the Rivers Severn and was

read a Second Time.

Ref died.That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Joseph Maichey, Mr. Mr.

fane, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Se/w I^ord Mr.

PreJ'cott, Mr. Stephens, Sir Mr. Bur-veil, Colonel Burgoyne, Sir William Beauchamp ProBor, Mr. Bull, Mr. Coven tty, Mr. Secretary Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Dowdejivell, Sir Tynte,

Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Burke, Mr. Onslow, Sir Francis Vincent, Lord Grey, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

West, Mr. Archer, Mr. Anson, Mr. Mr

trell, Mr. Shi finer. General Sir George -

brooke. Si r IIerbert Lloyd, 'Sir. Montagu, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Buffet;and all the Members who serve for the

Counties o (Warwick, Stafford, Wor-

cester, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Richard Warwick Bampreported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in or near, and travelling in and upon, the several Hoads therein after mentioned, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Sabine, Surveyor, and Mr. John Lansdown, being severally examined, laid, That the several Roads described in the said Petition, are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Parts so narrow and incommodious, that Wheel Carriages cannot travel thereon; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from ham, in the County of Somerfe through Clandown, to the End of the Paritli of Timsbury, leading towards Bristol; and from the White in the Paritli of Midfu turner Nor loti, through Falkland, to the End of the Paritli oi Norton Saint Phillips, leading to the Paritli

of FarleighCajtle, in the said County: And that Sir

Richard Warwick Bampfylde and Mr. Smith do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Knight reported from the Committee to whom the Bill to enable the Reverend Ralph Drake, Clerk, and his Issue, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Brockman, pursuant to the Will of James Brockman, Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Ix>rd North and Sir Charles Bun-bury be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to explain and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and also, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament,intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Vol. 31.

457

Sir William Beauchamp ProBat reported from the Mary-le bon* Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Streets,* Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex; and also the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder written, for and on Behalf of themselves and others the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard the Petitioners, by their Counsel upon their said Petitions; and had examined the Matter of the first mentioned Petition (no Evidence being produced in Behalf of the second mentioned Petition); and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for regulating, the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parilli of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, was read:

And Mr. William Guthrey said, That the Act has been found in several Respects ineffectual to answer the Purposes thereby intended, particularly in the Appointment of Parish Officers.

And the Witness mentioned several Instances of Persons, who before they had been Two Years out of Office as O verfeer, and feme as soon as out of that Office, were appointed Constables, which he thinks a great Abuse of Power; and cannot be remedied by the present Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and pavinjg the Streets,

Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better Maintenance of the Poor, regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares,

Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, within the said Parilli: And that Sir William Beauchamp ProBor, Mr. Cholmley, and Mr.

Cooke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are there- york

unto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act to

of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and °* *’ widening the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the Suburbs of the City of York, to Neiu Melton, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York , and all'o from Spittle , in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid; was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners have made great Progress in the Repair of the said Roads, and for that Purpose have been obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which Hill remains unpaid, and the same with Interest thereupon, cannot be discharged, and the said Road be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the said Act be further continued and amended, and the Powers thereby granted be enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term granted by the said Act, and also to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions therein contained, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

6 A Ordered,

45 8 8* Decembris. A. 1767.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Mr.

Gray, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Mr. White, Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Mr.

Morion, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Foley, Matthew Fetherjlonhaugh, Mr. Smith, Mr. Paterson, Sir

Francis Vincent, Sir Roger NewdigatMr. Prescott, Mr.

HuJ/ey, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Mr. Seymour,

Lord John Cavendish, General Graeme, Colonel Mr. Selwyn, Sir George Colebrooke, Colonel Mr.

Bull, Mr. Burrell, Sir William Beauchamp ProBor, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Coventry s and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Lincoln, Durham, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

' Mr. Anthony Bacon, prefonted to the House, ac- Lalfham cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the It,clo^ure* Open Fields and Commons, in the Manor of in the Counties of MiddleJ'exand Surrey: And the same was received; and read the Firl't Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Edward Ilawke, from the Commissioners for exe- Nan cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great

O o (

Britain, prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

AnEstimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are propofedto be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, in the Year 1768.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The laid Estimate is as followeth; viz.


An

g

IQ

t I

n"

CD

Cl

cr

o

t*

to

Navy Office, id D,e,mier 1767.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be neceflkry for the Buildings, Rebuilding.*;, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, in the Year 1768; prepared pursuant to an Order from the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 28th pall.

Place where. Guns. Ships Names. JI Nature of their Repair.: - Time when may be Charge of their TOTAL.


Taken in Hand. Completed. Hulls, Mads, and Yards. Rigging and Stores.

Deptford - £ £

74 Egmont - - -7 Resolution - - - $ Building - In hand - November 1768 -March 1770- - 16,500 8,500 M94 18,994 8,500

— New Ship - - 1

in room of the

Grafton - - I To be built - - TTnrprtain _ 4,000 - - 4,000

Sloop New March nex 3 V_/ IlV/vl Id.Ill 1,500 ..... 1,500

' Tryal ..... Middling - - This Month - - May next - - . L299 . 882 2,181 l

Woolwich - 9° Queen - - June 1769 - - 8,200 1,180 9.380

64 Prudent - - - Building - - In hand- - - December 1768 - 12,000 3>iS9 15,189

Intrepid - - - ' September 1769 - 2,000 - - - 2,000

32 Alarm - - - - Small - - - - In hand - - May next - - 1,000 2,217 3>21 7

20 Alborough - - - Small - April next - - Uncertain - - 1,440 2,281 3,721

Chatham 9° Barfleur - ~ ~ 1 December 1768 - 12,000 4,660 16,660

Prince George - Building - - In hand - - Uncertain - - . 7>5°° - - - - 7’5°°

64 Raisonable - - J April 1769 - - . 9»5°° 3’5 T9 I3»OI9

Large ..... This Month - - June 1769 - - 8,000 1.309 9,3°9

60 Panther - - - \ In hand - June next - - 5,000 - - - - 5,000.

5° Salisbury - - - - Building - In hand - - - September 1769 - 4,000 - - - - 4,000

20 Mercury - - - - Small - - - - April next - - Uncertain - - M77 1,956 3,433

Sheemefs . 5° Portland - - - - Building - In hand - - December 1769 - 5»6o° 120 5»7.2®

20 Rose Large - - - - In hand - February next - 690 i.567 2>257

— Lively - - - - Middling - - February next - Uncertain - - 1>393 i.955 3,348

Portsmouth - 9° 74 Princess Royal - 7 Elizabeth - - - j Building - - - In hand - - - Uncertain - - 3>5°° ... - 3»5°°: 7»5°°

Centaur - - - 7 Middling - - August next - -n 5*5°° ----- 5»5°°

7° Northumberland- j Next Month- > Uncertain - - 14,000 3.890 17,890

64 Worcester - - Building - - - In hand - - 3 - - - 5,500 . - - - - 5,5°°

60 Dunkirk - - J, - Middling - - Next Month- - August next - - 8,224 2,156 10,380

36 Pallas - - - - 7 SlTiall . a a a August r\ext - - March 1769 - - i,275 . »,363

/ Sloop Alderney - - - J ' Ollldil " Next Month- - Uncertsun - - 300 i,i 10 1,410

8 Geo. III. 8 0 Dec459

T


At Plym

100 Royal George - - Large - - 7 . fn HaiwI J ‘February mext t^bo ;. " 2^00

74 Royal Oak - - - Building - $ XU X ituiu * Tt Uncertain - - 5i°b ’ w _ 5,000

Torbay - - - Middling - - - February next Uncertain - - - - 9 ° 2,869 '12,369

64 Trident - - - Building - - 7 Mardinext. 5»oooo - - 5,000

— Monmouth -. - - Building - - ] iOUU -» I 4,000 4,000 ,

— Bienfaisant- - - Middling - - June next - r- Uncertain - - 10,000 1,414 11,414

60 Montague - - - Small - - - InTtand - 0 - - ' r .- - 6,900 m - 6,900

i Total of the 5 hips % - . - - \ 200,698 39.85^ 240,554

D

CQ

n'

CD

CL

O"

o

o

eg.

rT

Por tjmo Plymouth

Portmahon

arracks

Repairs and Improvements on Docks, Wharfs, and other public Buildings, in His Majesty’s ievefal Yards, on Ithe Head of Extra.

- - Towards completing the rebuilding, deepening, arid enlarging the North Dock in the Bason . -

Towards carrying on the Piers of the New South Dock in D* - -

- Towards completing the Laying House -

To building the Storehouse, N" 2, for Hemp - -

To building a Tarring House, and also One for white, and another for. tarred Yam Towards building Four Bays of Mali Houses - -

- Towards building Careening Wharfs on Saffron Island - -

To converting the old Cooperage at Port/mouth into Barracks for the Marines

Grand Total

abstract.

5 I lulls

For the Ships - - - "I Rigging and Stores

For other extra Works on Docks, Buildings, &c.

Grand Total

200,698 7 39>856i

24°)554 37»4°° £ 277,954

Vi~. The Sum of Two hundred Seventy-seven thousand Nine hundred and Fifty-four Pounds.

<7. Cckburne.Tho. Slade. J. Williams. E. T. Jt, Tempter

18,000 7,000

2,800

2,600

1,900

L577

1,000*

2.523

37.400

277.954

8* Decembris. 1767,

Portsmouth

Streets.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties.

Salted

Provisioas.

Highways

and

Turnpike

Roads.

8 Geo. III. 8°

461

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Town or Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, and of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and other principal Inhabitants, residing in the said Townj and also of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Houses in the said Town, whose Names are thereunto subscribed} was presented to the House; and read; Setting forth. That in the Streets, Courts, Lanes, Ways, Alleys, and public Passages thereof, the Pavements are very irregular, and much out of Repair, and several of them too narrow, and extremely incommodious; and that many Nuisances, and other Annoyances, are daily committed in the said Town: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving and widening of the Streets, Courts, Lanes, Ways, Alleys, and public Passages, in the said Town; and for removing-and preventing Nuisances, and other Annoyances therein, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. Pri/ce, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bull, Mr. Gore, Mr. Btiller, Sir William Lord

Barrington, Lord Palmerflone, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Selivyn, Sir J ’ofMr.

Mr. Fonnereau, Sir John Gibbons, Sir Roger Neiodigate, Mr. Totonjhend, Mr. Gray, S\r Matthew

Mr. Coventry,' Admiral Keppe Sir Charles Saunders, Colonel Ban e, Colonel Burgoyne, General Keppel, Mr. Morton, Mr. Dyfon, Lord Clare, Mr. Lewis, Sir George Pocock, Sir Charles Frederick, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Earle, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Sandys, Admiral Holburne; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Surrey, Sussex, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Paterson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1768: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir J’ofeph Mawbey,according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit the Importation of salted Provisions into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited. Duty free, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Onslow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and also. One other Act,

Sailed in the said Seventh Year of his present Majesty’s leign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in Vol. 31.

being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, I hat the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Pe- Kin#(Ion tition of divers of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other uponThamei Inhabitants of the Counties of Surrey and South- Road*

ampfoti, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to Sheet Bridge, near Petersfleld, in the County of Southampton; and also, the Road from Hindhead Heath, through Femluir(l Lane and Midhurst, to the City of Chichester, several Tolls and Powers were granted to certain Trustees therein named, for repairing the first* mentioned Road, from Kingston upon Thames to Sheet Bridge,and that, in pursuance of such Powers, the said Trustees for the said Branch, have proceeded in the Repairs of the said Road, and have borrowed a considerable sum of Money upon the Credit of the said Tolls, and a large Debt still remains thereupon; and that it will be impossible to keep the said Road in Repair, and pay off the Debt, during the subsistingTerm; and that the said Act has, in several other Parts, been found defective; and that an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of King George the Second, for extending the Navigation of the River Wey, from Guildford to Godalming, which has since been completed, at a large Expence, and hath been very beneficial to the said Counties; but, from the Effect of some late Measures, the Intent of the said Act seems likely to be defeated; and that the Petitioners beg Leave further to represent, that the said Branch of Road, from Kingston upon Thames to Sheet Bridge, is morg than Forty Miles long, and the Meetings of the Trustees, usually held at Eflier,

or Guildford, all which Places are in the Northern Division of the said Road, and are from Twenty-three to Thirty-six Miles distant from the Southern Extremity of the fame, which makes it impossible for the Trustees residing the re to attend those Meetings without a manifest Inconvenience and Prejudice to their private Affairs; and the Number of such Trustees are small, compared with those who reside on or near the Northern Parts of the said Road, the Trustees residing in the Town of Guildford, and that Part oiStoke immediatelyadjoining thereto (where the Meetings are usually held), being Thirty in Number, very near One Fifth of the Whole, which Inequality prevents the Operation of the said Acts in their full Extent, and confines what the Legislature intended for a public Advantage, only to a local One:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to

bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted

by the said Act of the Twenty-second Year of his late

Majesty’s Reign, so far as relates to the said Branch of

Road, from Kingston upon Thames, in the County of

Surrey, to Sheet Bridge, near Peterffie in the County of Southampton; and for dividing the said Roads into

Two Districts, under separateTrufts.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Debate be adjourned till Fr Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,j

’I Mr. Dyfon:

Tellers for the Noes

32*

So it passed in the Negative.

6 B

Mr. Thomas Toi

Junior, [ 50.

Sir Francis Vincent. J

Ordered,

462 8° — 9° D. ji. 1767.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coulideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Mouse:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Norton, Mr. Onjloie, Mr. Burke, Sir Matthew Jhnhaugh, Mr. Gore, Mr. onjhend.Junior,

Mr./I 'alderbum, Mr. MoLord Mr. Byde,

Lord Clare, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Mr. Dyfon,

Mr Jackson, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Gilbei't, Mr. Bacon,

Sir Jtfeph Maxcbey, Mr. Mr. Fidler, Mr. Bull,

Lord George Cavemlish, Sir George Savile, Sir William

Beauchamp Proctor, Lord John Cavendish, Sir George

Yonge, Mr. Chotmley, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Colonel

Ovjloxv, Mr. Bradjhaio, General Keppel, Colonel

Mr. Bajfet, Mr. Doivdefioell, Mr. Shi finer. Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Southampton, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

Importation Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to of Order, a Bill for the free Importation of Indian Corn,

n ian orn. or \jajZGj from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply. Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Sixteen thousand Four hundred and Three Pounds and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1768.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Two thousand Four hundred and Sixty Invalids, amounting to Seventeen thousand Two hundred and Fifty-three effective Men, Commission and Non-Commission Officers included, be employed for the Year 1768.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Six thousand Two hundred and Twenty-one Pounds Twelve Shillings and Ten Pence and Seven-Eighths of a Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Seventeen thousand Two hundred and Fifty-three effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Yrear 1768.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Ninety-six thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds Four Shillings and Nine Pence and Seven-Eighths of a Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Netvfomdland, Gibraltar, the ceded Islands, and Africa, for the Year 1768.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Two hundred and Twenty-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Ditference of Pay between the Britishand Irish Establishment of Six Regiments of

Foot, serving in the Ijle of Man, at Minorca,

and the ceded Islands, for the Year 1768.

*7

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand Two hundred and Thirty-seven Pounds Seven Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1768.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Two hundred and Twenty-seven Pounds Fourteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay, for Three hundred and Sixty-six Days, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight, to Officers reduced, with the Tenth Company of several Battalions reduced from Ten to Nine Companies, and who remained on Half Pay at the 24th Day of December 1765.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Fifty-nine thousand Three hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Eleven Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1768.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-eight thousand Nine hundred and Forty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1767.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Arm?; punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that the Lord Barrington and Mr. Thomas Gore do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriit 90 die Decembris; Anno 8° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1767. Prayers.

TTflLLIA M Aubert, and David Peyer Imlioff, V. took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of Robert Burton, Esquire, Lord of the Hotham Manor of Hotham, in the East Riding of the County of York, and also the most considerable Owner of and in the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Township of Hotham aforesaid, Sir George Montgomery Metham, Knight, William -son, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, or other ways interested in, the said several Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Township, there are certain Open and Common Fields, containing about 1200 Acres, and certain Commons, Pastures, Carrs, or Marlhy Ground, which are computed to contain 1500 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; but, if the same were inclosed, a considerable Benefit would accrue to all the Parties interested therein, and to the Public in general:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above mentioned, subjeA to such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Mr.

Sunderland

to

Durham

Road,

Lilley

and

Offley

Inclosure*

Coventry

GaoL

8 Geo. III. t> Decemh* 463

Mr. Daniel. Lascelles, Mr. arid Mr. Cliohnley,

do prepare, and bring in, the the feme.

Mr. Vane reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, residing in the County of Durham and of the Trullees named in a certain Act of Parliament, for repairing a Road leading from Sunderland. by the Sea, in the said County of , to the City

of Durham,whose Names are there to subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: — 'Then Mr. John Carter produced to your Committee, the Books of Accounts of the said Trullees, whereby it appeared that £. 2,000 had been borrowed on the said Act; and he said the feme, together with the Tolls, had been duly applied, but that it was impossible to pay off the said Debt, and to keep the said Road in Repair, nnlefs the Term of the said Act was continued, and the Tolls and Powers enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the late King, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from by

The Sea, in the County of D, to the City of Durham: And that Mr. Vane and Mr. Archer do prepare, and bring in, tfce feme.

A Petition of Sir Benjamin Raiding, Knight, Sir - Thomas Salusbury, Knight, Filz Williams Barrington,

Esquire, the Reverend John Morris, the Reverend Tit el-wall Salusbury, Clerks, Henry Gentleman, and

others, whose Names are thereunto l’ubscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Common Fields, in the Parishes of Lillcy and Offley, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Fields,lie intermixed and dispersed, and in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interestftl therein, if they were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, and ail other the Commonable Lands and Grounds in the said Parishes, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Byde and Mr. Daniel LaJ'celles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the City o f Coventry, and of the Justices of the Peace,

and Grand Jury, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said City, and County of the fame, and of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the said City, and County of the fame, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Common Gaol belonging to the said City, and County of the City of Coventry, being a very ancient Building, and greatly gone to Decay, is so incapable of being repaired, that it is adjudged, quite necessary to rebuild the lame; that the said Gaol is also too small for the Purpose; and it is therefore proposed to purchase a small Tenement adjoining thereto, in order to build the new Gaol upon a larger Plan; and that Part of the present Gaol is the Property of the Corporation of the said City, and rented of them by the said City and County; but it is now proposed, that the said Part be purch'afed by the said City and County, for the Purpose of rebuilding the said Gaol in a proper Vol. 31.

Manner: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Archer, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. West, Mr. Conway, Mr. Bromley, Sir Roger gate, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir William linker, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Kemys Mr.

Shi(flier, Lord Winterton, Mr. Bull, Mr. White, Mr.

Grey, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Ryder, Me. Calvert, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Montagu, Mr. RuLord Garlics, Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Heivctt, Mr. Mr Lord

Bigot, Mr. Foley, Mr. Jackson, Mr. DyJ'on, Lord Lif-burne, Lord Doxone, Mr. Glover, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Edward Wilmington, General Irwin, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Whitworth; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Gloucester,

Leicester, Hereford, Sabp, and Nottingham: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Reverend Ralph Drake, Clerk, and his Ifi'ue to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Brockman, pursuant to the Will of man, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Ref lived, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Reverend Ralph Drake, Clerk, and his Blue, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Brockman, pursuant to the Will of James Brockman, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Knight do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Bill for naturalizing William Aubert, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Byde, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bull, Mr. Burrell, Sir Herbert Lloyd, Lord Garlies, Mr. Totvn/hcnd, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Bond,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Mr. Gray,

Mr. Fonnereau, Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton, Lord Lord Li/burne, Mr. Edmonjtone, Mr. Harris, Mr. Bryce, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Hayes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Seymour, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Lascelles, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Calcraft,

Mr. Shifflner, Sir Edward Winning!on. Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. ChauncyTownfend, Sir John Sebright, Lord

Clare, Mr. Knight, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Bradshaw, Mr. Mellish, Sir John Ilynde Cotton, Mr. Heivctt, Sir Merrick Burrell: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Beauchamp BroSlor reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution the several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highway, or Road, from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoi'eaitch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield, in the feme County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said several Acts were read; and Mr. James Clerk to the Trullees, being examined, said. That the Trustees have been at a very great Expence in the necessary Repairs of the said Roads, and have cont rafted a Debt of upwards of Nine thousand Pounds, on Bond and

other wise,

Drake’*

Name,

Aubert’s

Nat.

Shoreditch

to

Enfield

Road.

4^4 9 Decembris. . 1767.

otherwise, the Interest whereof, together with the necessary Expences ftifl daily incurred for supporting the said Roads, being more than the present Tolls will pay^ they producing little more, for the last Two or Three" Years, than will pay for Labour and Ballad, so that the said Debt cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Tolls are raised, and the Term of the said Acts is further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual several Acts passed for repairing the Road leading from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermod Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Chin the County of Hertford } and for amending the Road from the Watch House in Edmonton, to the Market Place in Enfield: And that Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr

Mr. Byde, and Mr. Mellij do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Merchants, and Maltders, hav-0 ing Stocks of Malt made for Exportation between the

15th November 1766, and the passing of the Act lad Year for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Sc. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That in the Act of the Sixth of His present Ma-x jedy, prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Sc. Liberty was given to export such Malt as had been made or wetted for Exportation before the Day the Act received the Royal Assent; and that the Petitioners, apprehending the same Indulgence would be given in the Act of lad Year, for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Sc. continued in their usual Course of Business, to make Malt for Exportation, till that Act received the Royal Assent, which was the 16th Day of December lad; but the Petitioners found, to their Surprize, that the Act confined the Liberty of exporting Malt to what was made for Exportation, and to Barley that was steeped, on or before the 15th 17 66;

and that the Petitioners then waited the Expiration of the Act, in Expectation of being at Liberty to export ' their Malt, but, by the Act lately passed, the Prohibition is continued, and the Malt, dill remains locked up in the King’s Store-Rooms, under the King’s Locks; and that the said Malt is only fit for the Dutch Distilleries, being made from Barley of an inferior Quality, and not from Barley fit to make Malt for Home Consumption, and will be certainly spoiled, and probably eaten up by the Vermin, unless they can be permitted to export it; and that the Petitioners therefore hope, when the above Circumstances shall be duly considered, they shall meet with such Indulgence as their same may appear to merit, and not to be injured in their Property by an Act which undoubtedly is of the greated Benefit to the Nation in general, and will not be less so if the Petitioners be allowed to export their Malt: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for permitting the Petitioners to export the said Malt, or that the House will give the Petitioners such other Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and date to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Jackson, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Sir Charles Kemys

Tynte, Mr. Glover, Mr. Heivett, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Lord Lijburne, Mr. Prescott,yir. , Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

On/lozo, Mr. Bradshaw, Lord Beauchamp, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Dovone, Mr. Dyfon, Lord Clare, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gray, Lord Pigot, Sir Robert Lad-broke, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. a Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lascelles, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Harris, Mr. , Mr. Hayes, Mr.

Northey, Mr. Jetikinfon, Sir Edward Dering, Sir Brooke Bnjdges, Mr. Wood, Sir John HCotton, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Grey, Sir Herbert Lloyd, Sir Richard Warwick; and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, Essex, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Broioning and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for D»m's naturalizing DirkWillem Van Dams to which the Lords Nau desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Paul’* enable Judith Paul, and her Issue, to use and take Name, the Name of Saint Paul; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Thomas Gore presented to the House, according Army; toOrder,a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: j)e^ont And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to permit the Importation of salted Salted Provisions into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, ^rov^oos' Duty free, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to permit the free Importation of salted Meat and Butter, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That the Lord Clare do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the free Importation of Indian Corn, or Importation Maize, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, °( for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee, of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, Supply KB; certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for Malt

the Service of the Year 1768, was read a Second Time. DuDa

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House Will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Farmers, and Highway* others, in the County of Kent, was presented to the Mli House, and read; Setting forth. That several Provisions of the Act passed in the last Session, to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, are very oppreffive; and praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and also. One other

Act,

8 Geo. III. g° — i o° Decembris. 405

Act, passed in the said Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; be read a Second Time.

Exeter Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Exeter, in the County of Devon, in the room of John Tuck field, Esquire, deceased.

High Price A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, capital and in-Provisions. fer*or Burgesses, and other principal Inhabitants of the Borough and Town of Taunton, in the County of set, at a Meeting at the Guildhall, the Fourth Day of December 1767, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Dearness of all Kinds of Provisions: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House to whom it is referred to consider further of the several

Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions.

Anny; The House was moved, that an Act made in the ESabiishment. Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, for disbanding the Army, and other necessary Occasions, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend so much of the said Act, as relates to the Number of Troops to be kept upon the I rift EstablishmentAnd that Mr. Secretary Cowway, the Lord North, and the Lord Barrington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of thp Day being read;

Ways The House resolved itself into a Committee of the and Means, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pa/erfon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Jslr.PaterJ'on reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Pat erf on also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 10° Decembris;

Anno 8* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1767. Prayers.

Jtempftone A Petition of Susannah Gregory, Spinster, George de Iociofure. i\ Eigne Gregory, Lfquire (and which said Susannah Gregory and GeorgedeL are jointly entitled

to the Manor of Rempjtone, in the County of Nottingham), the ReverendEdzcardBell, Rector of the Parish and

VOL. 31. d ' '

Parilli Church of Rempstone aforesaid, John and

Solomon Woodrofje, and others, Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and Common Right, in, over, and upon, the Common Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Places, of and belonging to Rempstone aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lordship of Rempstone aforesaid conlilts of several large Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, or Waites; and that if the same were inclosed it would be a manifell Advantage to the Petitioners, and the Town of Remp/lone’m general: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave l)e given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Heivett, Sir George Savile, and Mr. Daniel Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustee appointed to put Halifax in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Second Streets>&c* Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for supplying the Town of Halifax, with Water, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and other principal Inhabitants, of the said Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of Far A, whose Names are thereunto also subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Trustees have borrowed a. considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the said Act, by which Means they have been enabled to make a considerable Progress in the necessary Works for supplying the said Town with Water, but find that they cannot proceed further in the Execution of the said Act, unless the Powers thereby granted are altered and enlarged; and that the Streets, Greens, Lanes, Alleys, and Passages, within the said Town, are generally very narrow, and not sufficiently paved and cleansed, nor properly lighted in the NightTime; and that many Nuifancesand Incroachments have been erected and made there; and that it would be a great Benefit to the Petitioners, and to all others inhabiting or possessed of Estates within the said Town, if the same was well and sufficiently supplied with Water, and the said Streets, Greens, Lanes, Alleys, and Passages, were properly and sufficiently repaired, paved, cleansed, and lighted, and aPower granted to abate and . remove the present Nuisances and Incroachments, and to prevent the like for the future: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the amending, altering, and enlarging the Powers given and granted by the said Act, and for other the Purposes above mentioned; or that the Petitioners may have such other and further Relief in the Premifes as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them,.to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles,

Mr. Garth, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Grey, Mr.

Burke, Mr. Onfow, Lord Grey, Mr. Smith, Mr. Harvey, SirfynchSalujbuiy Cotton, Mr Mr

Mr ..Pre/cott, Mr. Gone, Lord VSir. Byde, Mr.

Mellifi, Mr. Fitzrnaurice, Mr. Dyfon, Lord Clare,

Mr. Ellis, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Mr.

Stevens, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Mr. Nejbitt, Mr. son, Mr. Hayes, Lord Hozve, Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Drum-

mond, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Irwin, Mr. Conway, Sir George Pocock, Sir CharlesMordaunt-, and all the Mem-

bers who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Weflmorland, and And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend foe; Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of James Heblethwayte, Esquire, One of Bridlington the Lords Feoffees, or Trustees, of the Manor of inclosure-lington, in the County of York, and also Owner of the

6 C Impropriate


466 i o° Decembris. A. 1767.

Impropriate Rectory of Bridlington aforesaid, and of all Tithes, great and small, Oblations, Obventions, Mortuaries, and all other Ecclesiastical Dues arising within the said Township, (except Surplice Fees) and also Owner of divers Cottages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the said Township of John

HudJ'on, William Holiday, George NeThomas Bell,

and PercivalFrojt, other of the Lords Feoffees, or Trustees of the said Manor; John Nicholson, Samuel

xrrley, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, also Owners of, or otherwise interested in, divers other Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Township of was

presented to the House, and read; Settijig forth, That there are, within the said Township, several Open Fields, Lands, Grounds, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, reputed to contain in the Whole 2500 Acres; and that there are certain ancient inclosed Grounds within the said Township, containing about 80 Acres, wherein the Owners of Cottages, and Ox-gangs of land, have, in respect thereof a Right of Common for all commonable Cattle, at a certain Season in every Year; and that if the said Fields, Lands, Grounds, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Walles, were divided and inclosed, and all Right of Common therein, and also over the said ancient inclosed Grounds, were extinguished, and a Compensation made to the Owner of the said Impropriate Rectory, and his Heirs, for the said Tithes, and other his Ecclesiastical Dues, the mutual Benefit of all the said Proprietors, and Persons interested in the said Township, and also the public Utility, would be promoted thereby: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Daniel , Sir John

Mr. Ojbaldeston, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Shuttleworth'i Mr. Hewettreported from the Committee, to whom

Name. tile pjp to enable James the Younger,

Esquire, and his IlTue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Holden, pursuant to the W ill of Robert Holden, Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s 'fable.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Marlborough Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom Road’ the Petition of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution an Act made in the Sixteenth Year of His Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from Marlborough, through West Kennet, to Shepherds Shord; and from the Hare and Hounds, in Beckhampton, to the Top of Cherill Hills and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross-way at in

the County of Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had examined, the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; Aud Mr. Samuel Id mokes, being examined, said. That the Money which has arisen by virtue of she said Act, has been duly applied; and that there is now owing, on the Credit of the Tolls, the Sum of £. 1,400, with One Year’s interest on the fame: And that the said Roads cannot besufficiently repaired, and the Money borrowed repaid, during the existing Term in the said Att granted; '

That it will be necessary, for completing the Intention of the said Act, to make same Alteration in the Tolls; and that further Powers may be wanting for that Purpose.

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to the Turnpike Road in the Village of , is very

ruinous, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Marlborough, through to Shepherds Shord; and from the Hare arid Hounds in Beckhampton,to the Top of Cherill Hill-, and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross-way at Beckhampton, in the County of Wilts;and for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Gate at to

the Turnpike Road in the Village of Wroughlon, in the same County: And that Mr. Goddard and Sir Bayntun do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition-of Thomas Holt, Gentleman, Lord of the Longhtw Manor of Loughton, in the County of Bucks, Thomas Inc!af"* Goodwin, Clerk, Retftor, Matthew Knapp, Esquire, and of several other Owners and Proprietors of the Open' and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, lying within the said Parish, Was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Lands and Groufids lie open anil dispersed, and in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be a great Improvement of the Petitioners Estates:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Surfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Ir. Ijowndes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Drake, and

Sir Roger Newdigate, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Dawson, John Miles Litton

Hammond, and Richard Armitjiead, Gentlemen, and IncWiut. other Owners and Proprietors of several Stinted Pastures within the Township of Litton, in the Parish of Arncliffe, and County of York, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Township, several undivided Stinted Pastures, called Cow Close, Scofcoe Moor, Potts Moor, Middles Moor, Ackertey Moor, Out Moor, Halton Gill East Moor, Halton Gill West Moor, Tanfey > and New Close, containing together 3000 Acres, or thereabouts, which, if inclosed and divided among the Owners and Proprietors thereof, would be capable of being cultivated and greatly improved: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said several Pastures.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Daniel Lascelles and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Proprietors of Lands, Mea- Remington dows, and Right of Common, in and over the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, on the South and Well Parts or Sides of the River Learn, in the Manor and Parish of Lemington Priors, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and . Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, lie very much intermixed and dispersed, and in their present Situation are not capable of that Improvement which they would if divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, ’pipt

Leave

8 Geo. III.

i o° Decemhris.

467

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and become empty, and the Owners are willing to dispose of

Shoreditch

Streets.

inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the High Streets, called Holywell Street, ChurchEnd, and Part of King stand

Road, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, leading from Norton Falgate to

them, which would be a great Improvement; but that the Petitioners are apprehensive that the Tax proposed by them, and which is in Fast the utmost that their Circuniflances will admit them to pay, will be by no Means adequate to the proposed Expence, milefs,aided by a small daily Toll, Sundays excepted, upon Horses and Carriages used for Pleasure and Convenience only, to be collected at the several Turnpikes already erected at Kingsland, Hackney, and Bethnal Green, upon the

Beat Roads leading to the said High Streets, of One alfpenny upon every Horse, in or out of Carriages, used for Pleasure: And therefore praying. That Leave the Cherry Tree in Kingsland Road, in behalf of them- may be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving

selves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Streets, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said High Streets are extremely ill paved, and greatly obstructed by Polls, and annoyed by Signs and Gutters projecting into and over the fame; and that the Petitioners, and all the Inhabitants of the Front Streets, although burthened with Taxes towards Watching, Lighting, and CIeanfing the said High Streets, are willing, for the public Accommodation, to submit to an additional Tax of Six Pence in the Pound, of their respective Rents, towards paving the same in a better

the said Streets, and for such other Purposes as are mentioned, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein, with such Power, and under such Regulations, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Paterson, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Funnereau, Mr. Toionjhend, Mr. Burke, Mr.

Manner, and keeping such new Pavement in Repair, Mr. Smith, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Bull, Mr. Lascelles, Mr.

and towards clearing the same from all Annoyances; and that the Pavement of the Lanes and Avenues leading to or from the said Front Streets are also become very ruinous, particularly Holywell Lane, which isvaftly annoyed by Spouts and Gutters, and obstructed by Posts and Steps, projecting into the Foot-way, and also by a House at the North salt Corner jutting so far into the "Front Street as frequently to cause Carriages to overturn, which if taken down, and built further back, would render the Lane more commodious; therefore the Petitioners are delirous to purchase the said House, and to pave the said Lane upon the said Plan, the Inhabitants

Elliot, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Whitworth, Lord

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Hewett, Mr, Gore, Lord Mr.

Cooper, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Brad/haw, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Mr. JenkinJ'on, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gray, Mr. P/yfe, Mr. Pozvnall, Mr. Burke, Mr. Walpole, Sir Joseph Maiobey, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Byde, Mr. Hayes, Mr Parker, Mr. Goddard, Mr. Garth, Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Ryder; and all the Members who l'ervefor the Counties of Essex, Hert~

ford, Cambridge, Norfolk, and Sttffblk; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and

thereof paying the same Rate as the Inhabitants of th6 have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; FrontStreets; and that there is Iikewife another Avenue and all who come are to have Voices, called Hog Lane, a very great Thoroughfare, so very

narrow at the Entrance to or from the said FrontStreets, The House was moved, that the Petition of the Wor-

that there is but fit Room for One Carriage to pass, shipfol the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council which Nuisance will be removed, by empowering the Pe- of the City of Bath, which was presented to the House

Bath

Theatre.

upon the 26th Day of November last, and then ordered to fie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Infiruftion to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of John Palmer, That they do prepare the said Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse in any Part of the City of Bath.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Willem Fan Dam, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse in the City of Bath: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pugh reported from the Committee, to order to lay it into the Highway; and that the Entrance whom the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omit-of the Road from Kingsland into the High Street is very ted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, narrow; and, as the Hackney and Old Street Roads crol’s within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing fur-upon the same Spot, and as a vast Number of heavy ther Time for that Purpose; and to indemnify Members Carriages daily pass that Way, it is thereby become so and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough extremely hazardous for Passengers in general, that the Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be Petitioners would pray to be empowered, if at any Time stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, they may be enabled and fee fit, to purchase therloufes have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time from the Corner of the High Street on the East Side, so to provide Admissions duly stamped; was committed; far as the Cherry Tree, in the said Kingsland Road, in That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

tioners to purchase Two Hotifes, with a small Yard, on the North Side, that project into the said Lane, and to pave the said Lane upon the same Plan, by the Inhabitants thereof paying the same Rate as the Inhabitants of the FrontStreets; and that, if Two Thirds of the Inhabitants of any, or all the other Avenues leading to or from the said High Streets, shall petition the Commissioners of the Pavements, to be authorized by Parliament, it would be of public Advantage if they might have Leave to have the same done upon the same Plan, by their paying the same Rate as the Inhabitants of the Front Streets; and that there is a House belonging to the Prebend of Hoxton Precinct, and let, or leaded, to RichardRofe, aCarpenter, which is now untenanted, and falling to Decay, and Handing upon a small detached Piece of Ground, at the North-east Corner of the said High Streets, near the Church, which greatly obstructs the Passage thereof, as well as the Communication with Old Street, Hackney, and Kingsland Roads; and therefore the Petitioners are desirous to purchase the fame, in

Dam's

Nat.

Bath

Theatre.'

Offices

and

Employments

order to pull them down, and re-build them Twelve Feet further back, or let Leases on such a Plan as they Vol. 31.

made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the

Report

468 io Decembris, 1767.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Army; A Bill for punishingMutiny and Desertion, and for Mutiny the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and Was read a Second Time.

Desertion. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bl." 1 Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

a u les. ref0jve into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1768, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an luftruclion to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an luftruclion to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to direct that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1768, of the Incomes of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1766, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1768.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. v Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House yvjll please to receive thf fame.

Ordered, That the Report be-received Tomorrow Morning.

Importation Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Indfan *° re ^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Corn? UP0U the Bill for the free Importation of Indian Corn, or Maize, from any of: His Majesty’s Colonies in America, for a Time to be elimited, be now read.

' .; And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr . Paterfontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.;

Ways Mr. Paterson,according to Order, reported from the

ond Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred,

to consider further of W ays and Means for raising the Supply granted; to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, toward raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, 9.I

the Sum of Three Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the space of One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1768, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick ujx>n Tweed; and that a propor-tionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Paterson, the Lord North,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Bradshaw, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the EiK last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for re- Compart gulating certain Proceedings of the General Courts of Dindeuds. the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further regulating the Proceedings of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Indies, with Respect to the making of Dividends:

And that the Lord North, the Lord Barrington, Mr.

Onjlozv, and Mr. Difon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East Accomuj

Company do lay before this House, Copy of the Annual Account of the East India Company’s Affairs, made up to Jf/i dfummerlaft.

Ordered, That there, be laid before this Hpufe, State of the Debts of the East India Company, in England, diilinguilliing the Time at which each Article will become payable, according to the usual Practice of Payments by the Company, for such Articles, or according to the subsisting Agreements with the several Creditors, or tire Delay of Payments confeuted to by those Creditors, and also how long each Article respectively has been owing by the Company.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Account of the Credits of the East India Company, confining of Caffi and Goods for Sale now in England; distinguishing the Times at which the several Goods now in the Company’s Warehouses, for Sale, will be fold, according to the usual Course of Sales of the said Company; together with an Account of the Sums of Moqey they will produce at each Side respectively, according to the medium Prices for which such Goods have been fold, for Three Years last pall; and the Times when such Sums of Money will he payable.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums of Money which the several Goods, now in the East India Company’sAVarehoul’es for Sale,

W’ill produce, according to the mediipn Prices at which such Goods have been fold since the 10th of May lall

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Prirat Tomorrow, to proceed upon any private BuiineCs after Two of the Clock.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon TueJ'day Mom- High ?« ing ;next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of House, to consider further of the several Acts passed or"' in the lall Selfton of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions.

And then the House adjourned till To-inorrow M,orning, Niue of the Clock.

Private

Bftfincfi.

ImhofPs

Nat.

Carroo

and

Clyde

Navigation.

8 Geo. III. i1° Decemb* 4

Vitnerisf 11* die Decembris j

Anno 8* Georgii III. U Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

THE House being moved, in pursuance of the Order of Yellerday, that Leave be given to move the House, this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House, this Day, after Two of the Cloek;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

A Bill for Naturalizing Da was read

a Second Time.

Rejblvcd, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Charles Mor>-daunt. Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Mr. Upton,

Lord Grey, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Mr. Ba(Jet, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Fomereav, Mr. Paterjbn, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Smith, Sir Lynch Salt/flmryCotton, Mr. Vane, Mr. Shiff-

ner, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Byde, Sir William Beauchamp

Proctor, Mr. Brtidenell, Mr. Hexoett, Mr. Cooper, Sir Robert Ladbroke, M r. Cocks, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Archer, Sir Tynte, Mr,

I Thrale: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, (not less than Seven Feet deep), from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton, through the Counties of Stirling, Lanerk, Renfrew, and Dumbarton,

with a Side Branch, or Canal, of equal Depth, to begin at or near a Place called Three Part Miln, and from thence to the City of Glasgow, will open an easy Communication between the interior Parts of the Country, and betwixt the Firths of Forth and Clyde, and be of great Advantage to the Trade and Manufactures carried on between the said Two Firths, and to the Kingdom in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House ilin.ll appear reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. DGeneral Gratae, Sir

Francis Blake Dclaval, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Scott, Sir John Dclaval, Sir James Douglas, Sir Alexander Mr.- Gilbert, Mr. IVtdderburn, General Abercrombie, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Coutts, Mr Sir John Anfinither, Sir James Lord Cather-

lough. Lord Percy, Mr Fonnereau, Mr. Caleraft, Sir Lawrence Dundas, Mr. Paterson. Sir R;, Urc Ladbroke,

Lord North, Mr. Onjlmv, Mr. Sandys, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Coventry, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Conway, Mr. Upton, Mr. Luttrell, Lord Dozcne, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Bajfet, Mr. Lozcndes, Sir Samuel Fludt/er, Mr. Herne, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Roger and all the Members who serve for North Britain, and for the Counties o {Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancaster, York, and Durham: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend (or Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vox.. 31.

Lord Charles Spencer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, an Act for repairing the Road from the Top of Cricklej/ Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to FroggMill, through the Towns of Northleach, Burford, and Witney, and Parishes of Hanborough, and BLadon, to Camps field, in the Parish of Kidling ten, in the County of j and also, the Road from Whitney, through Ensham Cumner, and Botley, to

the City of Oxford; except so much thereof as relates to the Road from Whitney, through and

Botley, to the City of Oxford -, and also, for repairing and widening the Road from Campsfield, to the Turnpike Road, sit or near Enjlozo Bridge, in the said County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

RtfolvCd, That the Bill be read a Second Time,.

A Petition of the acting Trustees named and appointed in, or by virtue of, several Acts of Parliament, palfed for the repairing the several Highways or Roads therein after mentioned, whose Names are subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for repairing the Road from the City of Worcefierto Droilwich,in the County of and

that, by another Act, passed the Twelfth Year of King George the First, the Powers in the said Act were enlarged and continued, and extended to the Roads and Streets leading through the said Borough of Droilwich, to Dyers Bridge, in the County of Worcester-, and from the Tithing of Whitfiones, in the said County, to the Lower Slip of the Key of the City of Worcester; and from Netherwich Bridge,to a Place called The Chapell on the Bridge, in the mid Borough of Droitwich: And that, by another Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of King George the Second, the Powers in the said Acts contained were enlarged and further continued, and extended to the Road ftomDyers Bridge, aforesaid, through Bromsgrove, to Spadejbourne Bridge; and also, the Road

leading from The Chapell on the Bridge, in the said Borough of Droitwich, through the Parishes of Saint Peter and Hanbury, in the said County of Worcester, to Bradley Brook, in the same County: And that, by another Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of his said Majesty King George the Second, certain Powers were given to Trustees therein mentioned, for repairing and widening the Road from Netherwich Bridge, within the said Borough of Di-oitzcich, through Hampton and tho

Hide Lane, to Low Hill, on Hart it bury Comnwn, and other Roads therein mentioned; but nothing hath hitherto been done in the Execution thereof; and that the" said Road, from Netherwich Bridge, through the said Lanes, called Hampton Lane and the Hide Lane, to Hill aforesaid; and the Road leading from the Crofsof the Hands, near Goodntfs Farm,within the said Parish of

Hartlebury over Mujtard Green, to a Place called The Spout, in or near to the Parish of Hag ley; and also, the Road or Lane leading to Mujtard Green aforesaid, irom or out of the said Road, between Hampton Lane and Liao Hilt aforesaid, through Curjley Lane, at or near Bradford Brook; and also the lload or Lane, called Do-verdale Lane, leading out of Hampton Lane aforesaid, into the Turnpike Road,- between Ombersley and the Mitre Oak, towards the Borough of Bewdley, in the said County; and also, the Road leading from the Top of* SaintAndrezc's Lane, in Droitwich aforesaid, by Brie/1 Mill and Wade Bridge, through Wych , to the Crols at Hadley, and from thence, crofting the Town yf Om-berjley, through Cubbal Field and Powers, to Holt'Fleet, within the Parish of Ombersley, in the saidCountyof/f’er-cester-, and also,1he Road from Woolmore Green, within the Parish of Hanbury, over Hanbury Common, to Piperf HillundHarbageGate, and from thence byStokeChurch, over Stoke Heat h,\o Park Hall, in the Road leadingfroth

6 D Worker

Crick ley Hill R«a4i

Worcester

Road*

470 11 ° Decembr" A. i 767_

orccjierto llronfgrnve,in the same Comity; ami also, the Itoad or Lane called Salt ,leading out of the Tithing (if/r/i/{//ti«r.vabovc-inentioncdftoC7mfH/ffj <//<*, in the said City of Worcester; and also, the Road or Lane called Citrines Lane, leading from the Bottom of lied Hill, in the Parish of Cl allies, in the said County of U orcester, by ClainesChurch, into the Turnpike Road, between H'orcc/terand the Mitre Oak, are become so ruinous, that they cannot, by the ordinary Course of I aw, be amended or widened, and kept in Repair; and that the Petitioners have from time to time proceeded in the Execution of the Powers veiled in them by the said several Acts, firit above-mentioned; but that some Parts of the Roads therein directed to be repaired, are still in Want of considerable Reparation, and there is likewise a considerable Debt due upon the Credit of the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Acts; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, in case the said Act, pat fed in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, was repealed, and the said several Roiads, above particularly mentioned, were incorporated in One Act of Parliament, and the Powers and Provisions made by the said other Acts abovementioned, were enlarged and extended to the said Roads in general, the iiune would not only be very advantageous, and of public Utility, but would tend to the more immediate Reparation and Amendment of such several Roads respectively: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and continuing the Powers and Provisions of the firit above recited Acts, and other the Pnrpoi’es above-mentioned, and for such other Relief and Premises as to the llonfe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition.be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir.Sandys, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Cocks, Mr. FiSir 11

Mr. Gray, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Me. UptonSir

Lynch SalujburyColton, Mr. Harris, Mr. Archer, Mr.

liitrrell, Sir John Gibbons, Lord Mr. Champion,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Foleij, Mr. Cujt, Mr. Dow-

dejwell, Mr. IIexcelt, Mr. GrMr. William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Sir Roger

di gate, Lord George CavendMr. Toicnjkend, Mr.

Pratt, Sir George Savile, Mr. > General

Lord Li/burne, Mr. Blackston Mr. Scudamore, Mr.

Lultrell, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Jennings, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr.

Bajjct; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of If orajter, Gloucester, Hereford, and Salop: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

1 ‘ f

Anbert’» ' Mr. Byde reported from the Committee, to whom NatA the Bill for naturalizing William Aubert, was com-Snitted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; avut that the Committee had directed hint to report t he Bill to the House,without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed,

Coventry Mr. Archer reported from the Committee, to whom G-°l. the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the City of Coventry, and of the Justices of the Peace, -«nd Grand Jury, atlembled at the General Quarter

- Hellions' of the Peace for the said City, and County of . the fame; and of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and

- principal Inhabitants of the said City, and County of the lame, was referred. That the Committee had exa-

v mined the Matter of the said Petition; and haddirected . him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the t: House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

Vi:

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the same was' read; and is1 as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Edu ard Freeman, being examined, said, That the Common Gaol belonging to the City and County of the City of Coventry is in a very ruinousCondition, and incapable of being repaired; that it will be wecctfaryto rebuild the fame; and that it is also too small: That it is pro-poled to purchase a small Tenement adjoining the retq in order to build a new' Gaol upon a larger Plan.

That Part of the present Gaol is the Property of the Corporation of the said City, and rented of them by the City and County; that it is proposed to be purchased by the said City and County, for the purpose of rebuilding the said Gaol in a proper Manner.

That the Expence of purchasing will amount to £.300, and the Expence of building the new Gaol, about £. 1,300, and providing a temporary Gaol will amount to £. 200 more.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rebuilding and enlarging the Common Gaol of the City and County of the City of Coventry, and for appointing a Place for the Custody of Prisoners in the mean Time:

And that Mr. Archer, Mr. Conway, Mr. Sandys, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Winfmh Meadow Grounds, Sheep Downs, Commons, Common Newburgh Heaths, and other Waste Grounds, in the Parish of °co"t{' Manor.of Winfrith Newburgh, in the County of

was read a Second Time. , 1

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cocks,

Mr. Ton n/hend, Mr. Patcrfon, Mr. Bond, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. If Jon, Mr. Sa ruins, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Jackson, Mr. Gore, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Edmonfone, Mr.

Archer, Mr. Dotedej'well, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Rnjhout,

Mr. Bull, Mr, Lowndes, Mr. Mr. Mimtagu,

Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Burrell, Sir Newdigate, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Fuller, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr Dundas, Mr. Darker, Sir. Elliot, Sir Robert

Ladbroke, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Evelyn, Mr. Upton, S\r. Craven, M r. Cooper, Mr. Calvert,

Lord Gar lies, Colonel Burgcnjne, Mr Mr.

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Somerset, Devon, anil And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices;

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, High Price anil Commonalty, of the City of York, in Common of Council assembleil, was presented to the House, and rov’"ocl Tead; Complaining of the Dearness of Corn anil other Provisions, and' expressing the Thankfulness of the Petitioners for the early Attention of the House to that important1'Object.

Ordered, TlvAt the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of- the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred so eonlider further of the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions.

Mr. Cooper presented to tlx? J, Ioufe, according, to Sugylv Mt Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majestybya LandTu. Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1768:- And the same was received and read the Fhil Time.

llefblvciV, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

r An ingrossed Bill 'to enable James Shuttlevcorth the ShwtkwKi Younger, El’quire, and his 1 flue, to take and life the Nmc. Surname and Arms of Holden, pursuant to the Will of Robert Jloldeh, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be,

8*Geo. III. 11° Decem 471

he, An Act to enable J Shu! flexor Ik the Younger,

Kl'quire, and his Wiie, to take and use the Surname and Arms q( Holden, pursuant to the Will Holden,

inquire, deceufed.

Ordered, 'Lhat'Sir Roger do carry the Bill

to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Roffier’s An ingrossed Bill for Naturalizing John Francis Wiliertnin’s Rofficr, and CharlesAlign this Rodulph Leris de

Nat. min, was read the Third d ime.

, Jlefolved, That the Bill do p:ifs; And that the Title

be. An Act for Naturalizing John Francis Ro/Jier, and Charles Augu/his Rodolph I.eris dc Ordered, That Sir Roger do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

British A Petition of 1 hcT ruftees of the Brit ft Museum being

Museum. offered to be prefeuted to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been , informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recom-

mends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Second Year of His present Majesty, the Petitioners represented to Parliament, that the Stun allowed for the Establishment and Support of the said Museum was reduced to a Capital of£.30,000 Reduced Bank Annuities, the Dividend of which, amounting to £ 900 was, notwithstanding their utmoll Attention to the forming their Establishment with Frugality, greatly inlufiicient forthat. Purpose; upon which Representation, they obtained a Grant of a further Sum of f. 2000; and, upon a like Application in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, the Trailers obtained a Grant of a further Sum of’^,2000 for the same Purpose; and, upon a like Application in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s. Reign, the said Trustees obtained a Grant of the further Sum of £. 2000 for the same Purpose; which said Sums, together with the Dividends of the said£. 30,000 are. lb far spent, that what - remains is not sufficient to defray the Experrces of the next Year: And therefore prayiitg the House,to grant the Petitioners such further Support, towards enabling them to carry on the Execution of the Trull reposed in them by Parliament, for the general Benefit of Learning and useful Knowledge, as to the1 Ho life shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to Ills Majesty."

Ordered, That the Trustees of the-Britif i Museum do

lay. (icfore this House, an Account of the Money granted by Parliament", for the Use oLxhcrBritish Museum, and of The Expenditure thereof. '

Sup»Jiy JB, IIi ^r‘ oferfirh,according to Order reported from the Duties. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for cont in.ling and granting to His Majesty certain Duties , upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of t tie car 17(18 was committed; the Amendments which jhe Commitf ee had made to the Bill,1 and which thevhad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 3 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, In at the Clerk’s Table: Where t!w Amendments wore Once read throughout; and then a S» < opd Time, One by One; and, upon the Quell ion fe: 'rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Hotil'e.

Ordered, That i.hc Bill, with the Amendments, he ipgrolled. . . ' 1 ' "

Importation Mr. Patcrfon,according to Order, reported from the of Committee of the whole House, to whom flic Bill for Ionian Corn.-}j1(S Importation of Indian Corn, or Maize, from any of His ALyefty’s Colonies in America, for a Time to 'he limited, was committed, the Amendments u Iiith the Committee had made to the Bill; and which thru, had Yol; 31.

directed him to report to the House; an.d he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question l’everaliy put. thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Statutes, now in being, for the Amendment, and Preservation of the Public Highways of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and also, One other Act, passed in the said Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Refdved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Onfoie, Mr. Gilbert, Mt\ Paterson, Mr. Smith, Mr. Upton, Mr. Jaclfon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Heicett, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gray, Sir. Joseph Maivbey, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Ward, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Codes, Mr. Dowdefzcell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Edmonstone, SirCharlesMordaiint, Mr. Charles.

Banbury, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Sturt, Mr. Fountreau, Colonel Bar re, Mr. Chancellor of

the Exchequer, Mr. Towifield, Mr. Foie/, Mr. West, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Harvey, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Burke, Mr. Conway, Sir Robert. l.adbroke. Lord Downe, Mr. Mr. Pryje

Campbell, Mr. Dyjbn, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Lord

George Sackville: And they are to meet this Afternoon

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Alutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Aimy and their Quarters, be now read.

Aiid the said Order being read accordingly;

The. House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air’. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Thomas Gore took thp Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Thomas Gore reported From the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made l’everal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed.him to report, when the House will please to receive the same,

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Alorning next.

The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door he was called in; and, at the Bar prefehted to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Au Account of the Quantities of Rice, Sago, Powder, and Vermicelli, imported into England, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in.-?merica, together with an Account of what Quantity has been exported, since the 4th Day (AMay 1767, to the 30th November following, which is 'as far as the time can be made up; distinguishing the Colonies from whence the same were imported: And also, v

An Account of the Amount of the several Duties that have been paid on the' Importation of Bacon, Bologna Satifages, Caviare, , and Botargo, from the 5th January 1760 to io\h'OctoberJail; distinguishing the Amount, of the Duties in'each Year.

And then lie withdrew’.'

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered,

Highways

and

Turnpike

Roads.

Army 5 Mutiny and Desertion.

Accounts; Rice, &c.

472 11* — 14° Decembris. 1767*

Ordered, 'Hilt t1»c said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. 'i.V, said Accounts arepreserved amongst the other Papers of this Seihon.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itl’elf into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Berks, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Ilezvctt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable c m' Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Burton Joyce, and Buko ate, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

W«v« Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-nd Meant, night resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His' Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luntey 140 die Decembris;

Anno 8° Georgii IIIlU Regis, 1767.

Fraysrs.

Vi3in(torou(h, T ORD BroxrnlowBertie presented to the House, Xj according to Order, a Bill for dividing and in-Inclo Ure* closing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, within the Parillies of Billingborough and Birthorpe, in {he County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the said Fen: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bath A Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse, Theau* ju the City of Bath, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Smith, Mr. Oumpbell, Sir John Sebright, Mr. Mr.

Gore, Mr. Holt, Mr. Gray, Mr. Brudcnell, Sir Lynch Sain/bury Cotton, Sir EdioardBaynt Mr.

Keck, Mr. Onjloio Mr. Plummer, Mr. Darker, Mr.

they, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bafj'ct, Mr. Ward, Mr. Jlewett, Mr. Vane, Mr. Blackstone, Sir CharlesKemys Mr.

Edmonstone, Mr. Byde, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Mr. An-

thony Bacon, Mr. Upton, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Jenkinfov, Sir Samuel Cornish, Mr. liujke, Mr. Mr. Goddard, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Bacon, Sir

be}). Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Waller, Mr. Solicitor General Sir RogerNeudigate; and all the Members w’ho

lVrve for the Counties of Wilts, Dorset, and

Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Aubert’s An ingossed Bill for Naturalizing William Aubert, Nat. was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Naturalizing William Aubert.

Ordered, That Mr. Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and inclosure. Commons, in the Manor of in the Counties

of Middlesex and Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Anthony Bacon, Mr. Jenkinson, Sir James Mr. Smith,

Mr Prefcolt, Mr. Upton, Mr. Mr. Elliot,

Mr. 7); nmmond, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ed-wonjlunc, Mr. lincett, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Ellis, Sir Charles Frederick, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Brudcnell, General Gr<cme, Mr. Coventry, Sir Fletcher A nr tan. Sir Cha Tynte, Admiral

Inli ne,the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Lord Clare, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Abcrcromby, and all the Mem-

bers who serve lor the Counties of MiddleJ'ex, Surrey, 12

A Petition of the Right honourable the Earl of Hunt- Narnunt* ingdon. Lord of the Manor of Normanton next Del-by, m kelofoc. the County of Derby, and the Petition of the Right honourable Lord Scarf dale, an Impropriator of Tithes. there, and the humble Petition of Sir Henry Harpur,

Baronet, Willoughby Dixie, Esquire, Samuel Crompton,

Esquire, and others, Freeholders of the Township of Normanton next Derby aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is in the said Township, or Parish of Normanton, certain Common Meadows, Common Pafiures and Common Fields, called The Nether Meadow, The Bridge Meadow, The \

Upper Meadoiv, The Hell Meadow, or Meadow,

The Dale Meadoio, The Fallow Close, The Goodfnore,

The Brook and Marsh, The Derby Field, The Under-hill Field, zndT/ieSunny-hiUField, containing in the Whole 00 Acres, or thereabouts; and that, if the same were ivided and inclosed, it would greatly improve the,

Estates and Properties of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Meadows, Common Paftnres, and Common Fields, in such Manner \

.as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Caxendish, and Mr. Fitzherbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Broionlozo Bertie reported from the Committee, T'jjfjJ’' to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Meadow’s, of Stowf within the Parish of Threekingham, in the County of Lincoln, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee liad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the BUI, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Ilezvett presented to the House, according to Or- Mexborosfk der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open bdofw- . Arable Fields, Stinted Failures, Undivided Inclosures and Commons, or Waste Grounds, w’ithin the Manor and Parish of Msxuorough, in the county of ; And the same was received; and read the FirftTtffW.;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act, iWi for Naturalizing Dirk Willem Van Dam, was read a Ns. Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Anthony Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Buffet, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Smith, Mr. Hufke, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte,

Mr. Upton, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Cuff, Mr.

by, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Tozvnjhend, Mr. Knight, Mr. EUis, Mr.

Mr. Burke, Lord Browrdozc Bertie, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Prefcolt, 1

High Price of

Provisions.

Westminster

Bridge.

Accounts from the Chamber of London.

8 Geo. III. i40 Decembris.. 473

Pres cot t, Mr. Fitzherbert, Captain Elliot, Lord Advo- presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of

cate of Scotland, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Jenkinson, Sir several Acts of Parliament,

Charles Frederick, Mr. Ij)wndes, Mr. Hnvett, Mr; An Account of Money received and paid, in purfu*

Toicnjhend: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at ance of the Acts for building and completing the Bridge Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. cross the River Thames, from Black Friars, in the City

of London, to the opposite Side, in the County of Surrey,

APetition of the principal inhabitants of the Town from the Fifth Day of^w/y 1766,exclusive,to the Twenty* of Frome,in the County of SomerJ'et,was presented to eighth of September 1767, inclusive: And also,

the House, and read; Setting forth, That the long- An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Re-continued and present high Price of Corn, and all lief of the Orphans, and other Creditors of the City of Kinds of Provisions, so jul'tly alarming to the King* London, on the Fifth Day of 7WV1767: And also, dom in general, hath reduced the Poor of that large and An Account of Money received and paid, in pur* manufacturing d own, and its Neighbourhood, to the fuance of the Act for the better paving, cleansing, and greatest Dilirefs and Misery, which (if possible) is aug- enlightening the City of London, and the Liberties niented by an almost total Stagnation of the Woollen thereof, from the Seventeenth Day of May 1766, ex-Mauufaftory, partly owing, as the Petitioners humbly elusive, to the Twenty-eighth Day of September 1767, apprehend, to the great Quantity of Wool clandestinely inclusive. carried from these Kingdoms, under the Idea of coast- And then he withdrew.

ing, to our Rivals in Trade: And therefore praying And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

the House to take the Premises in their serious Gon- Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the

iideration; and grant such Relief as to them shall Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. seem nicer. The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Papers of this Session.

Consideration of the Committee of the whole House,

to whom it is referred to eonlider further of the several An ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to His Supply Bill} Acts passed in the Ialt Session of Parliament, relative to Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Malt Corn and Provisions. Perry, for the Service of the Year 1768, was read the

; - Third Time;

The House being informed, that Mr. Seddon, from Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title (he Commissioners lbr building a Bridge cross the River be. An Act for continuing and granting to His Ma-

Thames,from the City of Westminster, to the opposite jesty certain Duties upon MaTt, Mum, Cyder, and

Shore, in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door; Perry, for the Service of the Year 1768.

he was called in and, at the Bar, presented to the OrThat Mr. Paterfondo carry the Bill to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament, Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Wefmbjler Bridge, from the Twenty-sixth Day An ingrossed Bill for the free Importation of Indian Importation

of November 1766 to the Second Day of December 1767, Corn, or Maize, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies °(

inclusive: And also, in America, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Cora

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for Time, building Westminster Bridge,from the Tenth Day of Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

October 1766 to the Tenth Day of October 1767, toge- be. An Act for the free Importation of Indian Corn, or ther with a Rent Roll, and an Account of Bridge Rents Maize, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, received, from the Fifth of July 1766 to the Fifth of for a Time therein limited.

July 1767. Ordered, That Mr. P at erf on do carry the Bill to the

And then he withdrew. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And the Titles of the Books containing the said State and Accounts were read. The House being informed, that the Reverend Mr. Britishi

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, Harper, from the Trustees of the British Museum, at- ^*ufcura‘ to be perilled by the Members of the House. tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar,

The said Books are preserved amongst the other presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Papers of this Session. A Book intituled, " Account of the Trustees of the

" British Museum, December the 4th 1767."

The House being informed, that Mr. Montague, from And then he withdrew,

the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London, at- And the Title of the said Account wTas read,

tended at the Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, The said Account is as followeth; viz.

VoL 31.

6 E

474 14* DecembrA. 1767.

ACCOUNT of the Trustees of the

To Caih by Parliament raiseil by Lottery -

To D® by Firit Payment of Tickets forfeited -To D® by Benefit Tickets, not claimed in Time -To D® by Dividends on Bank Annuities, purchased by Trustees To D® gained on Exchequer Bills, purchased by D® -To D® granted by Parliament -

----- Fees paid at Exchequer and Treasury -

To D®, Second Grant by Parliament -

----- Fees paid at Exchequer and Treasury -

To D® gained on Navy Annuities, 4 per Cent. 1763, by Dividend and Sales To D®, Third Grant by Parliament ----- 2,000 —

----- Fees paid at Exchequer and Treasury ----- 107 17

To D®, gained on Three per Cents. Consol. -

2.000 — 107 17

2.000 — 107 17

1

£ ' d.

100,000-----

172 7 6

1,780-----

16,094 17 6

1818 9

1.892 2 6

1.892 2 6

129 12 6

1.892 2 6

27 17 2

123,900 — 11

t

8 Geo. III.

14° Decembris.

475

December the 4th 1767.

By Cash, paid Expences on Account of Lottery - By D®, paid Sir JIans Sloan's Executors for his Collection -By D®, paid Lord Oxford's Trustees for Manufcrips -By D®, paid Commissioners of Lottery in full ... 6,200 20.000 10.000 f 557 19 4 J £ j. d. 36,757 19 4

By D°, paid Expences of Act of Parliament, and Law Charges By D°, paid for Common Seal of Corporation, and Press for it 435 11 11 7 64 16 6 J 500 8 5

By D°, paid Expenoes of removing the Slonian and Cottonian Libraries By D°, paid for keeping Sir Hans Sloans Col left ion at By D°, paid Mr. Widmorefor his Care of Cottonian Library 163 — 2f| 911 5 11 f 160 J 1,234 6 i£

By I)®, paid for Purchase of Montagu House -By D®, paid for Repairs thereof ..... By D®, paid for Furniture peculiar to the Museum ... By D°, paid for Meeting Room, Furniture, and Officers D®, Sc. By D°, paid for House Insurance - By D®, paid for Fire Engines, Sc. ..... 10,250 "| 14,484 6 4 4,076 14 7J V 689 - 8* 96 1 2 140 8 — _ 29,736 10 10

By D®, paid for Printing Expences - - - By D", paid for Book-binding - - - ' _ i 972 n 9 1,388 14 5H 2,361 7 2|

By D®, paid Rents, Taxes, and other annual Payments - 1,974 2 zlf' By D®, paid Salaries, Wages and Gratuities - - . - 10,091 4 7 By D®, paid Board Wages - - - -1,186 13 10 By D", paid Firing - - - - 789 7 — By D®, paid for Candles - - - *12117 By D°, paid incidental Expences - - - 1,241 2 2$ By D°, paid for Stationary Wares, including Vellum Book, for entering 7 Ia 2 the Donations, printing Acts of Parliament, Sc. - - - j By D®, paid Garden Expences - - - 1,243 7 5,) 16,841 11 —

By 52,500 Bank Annuities, bought at about 104 930 13 67 By 22,500 D°, sold at about 87I perCent.- - 19,607 4 6 j 3o»3 3 9 Bv Cash, Balance remaining in the Hands of Dr. Knight, and Mr. , 7 , 0 due to ihe Trustees - - - f<l8 ’9 >° By Balance due to the Trustees, from Account of periodical Works ..... By 1,700 Conlol*. 3 per Cent, bought at 89 and 8gf per Cent, and Charges! 1,517 11 6V 633 16 6 By 1,000 fold - - at 88 and 88 f 883 15 — 3 35>323 9 0 418 19 10 9112 8 633 16 6

123,900 O II

It appears by the above Account, that there remains in the Name of the Corporation30,000 Capital, or Joint Stock, of Three per Cent, reduced Bank Annuities, as also £.418. 19. 10. in Cash, in the Hands of the

Trustees, and £.91. 1 1.8. from the Account of periodical Works, together with £. 700 Capital Stock in Three

per Cent, consolidated Annuities, a considerable Part of which Balance will be expended in the Payment of tye annual and quarterly Accounts, due at Christmas next.

Vo;.

3i-

Ordered’

47<S h' — *5° Decembris. A, 1767.

Supply. Ordered, That the fair] Account he referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to 11 is Majesty.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Earn!

Land Tax. 3fax? f0 jje raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1768, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Re/blvcd, That, the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole 1 Ion fe.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Dr. Stinton Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor <9//«/0«, ChaTicel-

n ?£ l°r t*ie Church of Lincoln, be desired to preach be-TO3oj«n. ^ofe tj(jg jjoufc at St. Margaret's upon

Saturday, the 30th Day of January next: And that Lord Broiadoii)Bertie, and Mr. do acquaint

him therewith.

Army; Mr. Thomas Gore according to Order reported from Mutiny the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Desertioa *or punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Privilege. Ordered, That the Instruction, which, upon Tuefduy the ill Day of this Inllant December, was given to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, for hearing the Matter of the Complaint then made to the House, that, in Breach of the Privilege of this Houfb, Henry Fidler, John Baker, and Matthew Barrow, had, by the Instigation of Charles Boner AElquire, forcibly entered upon a Fishery at Coton, on the River Tame, the Property of, and in the Possession of, Simon Luttrell, Esquire, a Member of this House, and taken Fitli thereout, upon Friday next, be discharged.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of tire said Complaint upon ll'edncjiluy,the 20th Day o( January next.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have j

Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the j

whole 1 louse, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow have Leave to make a,

Motiou, it being Haif an Hour after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And presented to the House, aPetition KingJos

Widow, Peter Flutter, Pamela Debell, Widow, Ann upon't'tan*

Spinlter, and Elizabeth Ledger, Spinster, Mortgagees of

the 'l’olls of the Turnpike, erected by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 22d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Town of Kingston upon , in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near Petersfleld, in the County of Southampton.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, that a Petition has been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers, granted by the said Act, so for as relates to the said Road from KingstonuponTliames, to Sheet Bridge aforesaid, and for dividing them into Two Districts under separate Trusts; and representing to the House, that the Petitioners are the only Mortgagees of the Tolls of the said Road, from to

Sheet Bridge, and never had any Notice that such Application was intended to be made to Parliament, or ever consulted about it; and that the Petitioners are well satisfied with the Management of the Trull as it has been already conducted: And humbly pray, That the Term and Powers, granted by the said Act, so far as relates to the said Road, from Kingston to Sheet Bridge, may not be divided into Two Districts under separate Trusts.

Ordered, That thesaidPetitionbe referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of divers of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

MartiS) 150 dieDecembris;

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguijli and

Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

‘Wallinger’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Name. continuing, establ ill ling, and confirming, the Surname — and Arms of IVallinger, unto John IVallinger, formerly called John Arnold, and his Ill'ue, pursuant to the Will of John IVallinger, his late Uncle, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply, The House resolved itself into a Committee of the L whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterjbn reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning-

i(i

Anno 8° Georgii III*1* Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

MR. Ilcwett presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and \Vafte Grounds, within the Townships of Beckingham and Sutton, in the Manor and Parish of Beckingham, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.


Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom , the Petition of the Acting Trustees named and appoint- RoWl' 1 ed in, or by virtue of several Acts of Parliament, passed for the repairing the several Highways or Roads therein after mentioned, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where, the same was read; and is as followeth;

To

.8 Geo. III. 15° Decembris. 477

To prove the Allegations of the said petition, An Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further enlarging the Term and Powers granted, and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Ann; and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the City of Worcejl through the Borough of Droitwich, to Dyer's Bridge near in the County of Worcester; and also for repairing the Roads from Dyer's Bridge,through the Town of Bromsgrove,,

to S/iadcJburne Bi'idge, and from Droitwick to Bradley Brook, in the same County; was read.

And Mr. Thomas Holbech, being examined, said, That a Conftderable Progress has been.made in repairing the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Acts; but that some Parts of the said Roads are frill in Want of considerable Reparation; and that there is likewise a const-derable Debt due upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which cannot be repaid, and the Roads sufficiently amended, unlci's the said Acts are further continued.

Then an Act passed in the Twcntj'-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, lying within the Borough of Droitwickin the County of cester, or leading from the said Borough to the several Places therein mentioned, in the said County, was read.

And the Witnefssaid, That nothing has yet been done towards the Repair of the Roads herein after mentioned, which were directed to be repaired by the said Act, viz. the Roads from Netherwich Bridge, through Hampton Lane and the Hide Lane to Low and the Road from the Cross of the Hands, near with-

in the Parish of Hartlebuiy, over Mujiard Green, to the Spoilt, in or near the Parish and also the

Road leading to Mustard Green, out of the Road be-

tween Hampton Lane and Low through Curjley Lane, at or near Bradford Brook; and also the Lane called Doverda/eLane, leading out of Hampton Lane,

into the Turnpike Road between and the

Mitre Oak, towards Betvdley; and also the Road from the Top of SaintAndrew's Lane, in Droitwick by Brier

Mill and Wadebridge, through Wych Lane, to the Cross at Hadley, and from thence crofting the Town of Ombersley, through Cttbbal Field and Poivers to Fleet, in the Parish of Ombersley, and also the Lanes called Frog Lane and BackbridgeLane, in aforesaid;

and also the Road from HcolnGreen, in the Parish of Hunbury, over Hanbury Common, to Pipers Hill and

Harbage Gale; and from thence by Stoke Church over Stoke Heath, to Park Hall, in the Road from to Bromsgrove; and also the Road called Lane,

leading out of the Ty thing oflVhiJtones t o Saint Clement's Gate, in the City of Worctjier-, and also the Road called

Claines Lane, leading from the Bottom of Red Hill, in the Parish of Claines,by Claines Church, into the Turn-

pike Road between Worcejtei’ and the Mitre Oak, and that the said Roads are at present so ruinous and deep, that many Parts thereof are impastable for Carriages, and in some Places very narrow and dangerous for Travellers; and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. John Priddei/, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Holbech, and both the Witness’es said, That if the said last mentioned Act was repealed, and the Provilionsof the other Acts extended to these Roads, they might be properly repaired, which would be of great Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Terms and enlarge the Powers of several Acts of the Twelfth of Queen Ann, the Twelfth of King George the First, and the Twenty-second of his late Majesty, for repairing the Rond front the City of Worctjier,through Droitwich, to Bromsgrove, and other . VOL.31 '

Roads therein mentioned; and to repeal an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads lying in, and leading from Droitwich aforesaid; and for amending the several Roads, which were directed to be repaired by the said Act: And thatMr.iS'tfiirfy.?,

Mr. Ward, Mr. Dowdefioell, Mr. Foley, Mr. and Mr. Harley, do prepare, and bring in, the fume.

Mr. IFuiy/, reported from the Committee, to whom Gnindjd* the Bill to enable John Sivinfen, lately called John Namt, Grundy, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of /Sw infen, was committed. That the Committee

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had di-reded him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Blackfone reported from the Comitiittee, to whom Oxford

the Bill to enlarge and vary the Term and Powers of an over Ad fqr repairing and widening tire Road, from the Well c Bo‘ley End of Thames Street, in the City of over Bot- Koad

ley Causeway,to the Turnpike Road, near in the County of Berks; and to provide more effectually for repairing and widening the ancient Ilorfe Road, from the West End of Botlcy Caujeway, to Witney, in the County of Oxford-, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto.; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wrere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with, the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Archer presented to the House, according to Order a Bill for rebuilding and enlarging the CommoiS Goal of the City and County of the City of Coventry, and for appointing a Place for the Custody of Prisoners in the mean Time: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Coventry

Goal.

Mr. Shiffherreported from the Committee, to whom DWt

the ingrolled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for *viat-Naturalizing Dirk Willem Van Dam, was committed, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill, to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Shiffher do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Smith reported from the Committee, to whom ImhoffV the Bill for Naturalizing David Peyer Jmhoff] was com- Nat‘ mitted, that the Committee had examined the Allege tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had dirededhim to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrolled.

Mr. Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom C*rrom the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition an<l of the several Gentlemen, and others, whole Names are fjay;L,*onr thereunto subscribed, was referred, that the Committee

6 F had

Buckland

Dinhani

Roads.

Paul’s

Name.

Threek-

vnghim

Inclosurf.

CUckmanan

Roads.

478 15" Decembris. A. 1767.

had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Captain James Hunter, being examined, said. That the making a navigable Cut or Canal, from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton; and also a Collateral Cut, to begin at or near a Place called Three Part and from thence to the City of Glafg will not only open aneafy Communication between theinterior Parts of the Country, and between the Firths of and Clyde but will be of great Advantage to the Trade and Manufactures carried on between the said Two Firths, and to the Kingdom in general, by reducing the Price of Land Carriage.

Colonel James Majlerfon informed your Committee, That Mr Smeatonhadsurveyed the Land through which

the Canal is to pass, and that it is very practicable to make the fame: That the Expence of making such Canal and Cut, wiH, according to an Ehimatemade by him, amount to the Sum off. 147,337, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal, from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde,at or near a Place called Dalmuir

Bunifoot, in the County of Dumbarand also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of And

that Mr. Dundas, the Earl of Catherlough, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. do prepare

and bring in, the fame.

'Sir.Smith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Buck-land Dinham, in the County of through Clan-

fawn, to the Find of the Parish of Tinsbury, leading to wards Bristol; and from the White Post, in the Parish of Midsummer Norton, through Falkland, to the End of the Parish of Norton Saint Phillips, leading to the Parish of Farleigh Castle, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Judith Paul, and her Issue, to use and take the Name of Saint Paul, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Meadows of within the Parish of Threckingham, in the County of , was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Meadows, of Stow, within the Parish of Threckingham, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Ixml Broionlmv Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Town of Blair Logie, the Parishes of Alva, and Dollar, to the East End of the said County manan, where the same joins Perthshire,at the Pariili of Muckhart,are in many Parts ruinous, and so much out of Repair, that Travellers cannot pass thereon w ithout great Danger; and that the repairing oft he laid Roads will be of great Advantage to the Publkvandwill greatly tend to the Interest ol'Commerce: And therefore pray -ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for having the Hoads above-mentioned repaired, by a l oll to be levied at Gates or Turnpikes to be eroded for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Abercromby, Colonel Scott,

Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Edmonjlonc, Mr. Stepney. Sir (Iil-

bert Elliot, Mr. Conway, Mr. Sir Lawrence Dundas, Sir James Douglas, Mr. Dundas,

ander Grant, Mr. Brand, Lord Brown General Greeme, Mr. Thrale, Admiral Mr. Smith,

Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Goddard, Lord Sir Peter Leiasler, Mr. Burrell, Sir James Lordlier, Mr.

Dyfon, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. TouLord George Ca-veiidish, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Bull, Sit Ilium Beauchamp Proctor, Sir Charles Tynte, Sir Brook

Btydges, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Mr. Jen-

kinfon, Mr. Blackftcne; and all the Members who 1‘erve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for continuing and enlarging the Powers of an CrkHej

Ad, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of KB his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester,to Frogg Mill, through the Towns of leacli, Burford, and Whitney, and Parishes of Hanbo rough and Bladon, to Campsfield,in the Parish of

in the County of Oxford j and also the Road from Whitnnj, through En/ham, Cumner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford; except so much thereof as relates to the R.o?ui from Whitney,\\irougYiEnsham, C tanner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford,- and also for repairing and widening the Road from Camps field, to the TurnpikeRoad at or near En/low Bridge, in the said County of Oxford: was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Charles Spencer, M r. Morton, Nlv.MontaguAdamGordon, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Sir

William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Brand, Mr.

Mr. Seymour, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Conway, Mr. Gray, Mr. Beauclerk, Mr. Campbell, Lord Grey, Mr.

Bootle, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. WlWynn, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Abercromby, Mr. Dundas,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. White, Sir joseph,

Mr. llujfey. Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Mr.

Thrale, Sir Peter Leicester, Mr. Stepney, Nix. Smith Mr.

Lattrell, Sir George Pocock; and all the Members who

serve for the CoimUesof Oxford, Berks, Gloucesler, Somerset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

1


A Petition of the Heretors and Freeholders of the County o fClackmanan,was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That the great Road leading from the long causeway of Sterling, F.aftward, through the County' of Clackmanan,by the Towns of Tullibody, Alloa, and Clackmanan, and to the F.allEnd of the said County, where the same joins Perthshire,at the Lands of aline, and the Road from the Town of Tullibody, liati-ward, through the said County, by and

Afellack,to the East End of the said Comity, where the same joins Perthshire, near and the great

Road leading Eultwards from Logieburn, through the 16

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled, An Act for supplying the Town of Halifax with \V ater, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the Merchants, Mannfafturers, and other Principal Inhabitants of the said Town of Half ax, in the 'West Riding of the County of York, whole Names are thereunto also subser ibed; was referred -, That the Commiuee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them

t


8 Geo. III. i $ Decembris>479

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place) and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read, whereby it appeared, that the Trustees therein named were authorized to collect certain Rates for the better supplying the said Town with Water; but that there is no Power in the said Act to compel the Payment thereof. And,

Mr. John Hargrave, being examined, said, That several Persons have nefufed paying such Rates, knowing the re was no Power to enforce the Payment thereof: And that the Truliees have borrowed £.4,533 on the said ' Rates, which now remains due.

And the Witness further said, That the Streets, Greens, Lanes, Alleys, and Pallages, within the said Town, are very narrow, and ill paved, cleansed, and lighted, and many Nuifauces and Incroachments have been erected and made therein, which Inconveniences cannot be remedied by the I^aws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for supplying the Town of Halifax with-Water, and for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets and other PI.tees there, and for removing all Nuisances, Incroachments, and Obstractions, within the said Town, and preventing the like for the future; and that Sir George Savile and Mr. do prepare, and bring hi, the fame.-

Portsmouth Sir Edward Hawke reported from the Committee, to

Streets, whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgestes of the Town or Borough of , in the County of Southampton,a.ivi of several Gentlemen, Mer-

chants, Traders, and other Principal Inhabitants refid-ing in the said Town; and also of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Houses in thesaidTownwhofe Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Avgujlus Be/ef no said. That the Town of

Portsmouth is very Populous, and the Streets are very narrow and incommodious, and are not properly cleaaf-ed, and the Pavements are much out of Repair.

That if the Streets were properly cleansed, and all Annoyances and Obstructions therein removed, the Town would be much more healthy than at present; and that such Improvements would be very beneficial to the Inhabitants, and all other Persons retorting thereto; but the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament.

Mr. Joseph Taylor, confirmed Mr. Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving and cleansing the Streets, and other public Pallages, in the Town of Portsmouth, in the County oiSouthampton, and for preventing Nuisances, and other Annoyances, therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious: And that Sir Edzoard Hawke and Mr. Thomas Gore, do prepare and bring in the fame.

Goudhurst Sir Brook Brydges reported from the Committee, to

Roads, whom the Bill i’or amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading to and through the Town of Goudhurst, in the County of Kent; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bi.U, and found the same to be true-, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the I louie; and he read the Report in

Vol. 31.

his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout 5 and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qnetiion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, High Pries of the City of Worcester, in Council assembled, was presented to the Iloule, and read; Complaining of the ^rov,lio*‘ Dearness of Corn; and hating several Hardships, which, tliePetitioners alledge,subsist with rdpeft to the present Atlize of Bread: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and adord such Relief as to the House thall seem meet.

Orderedy'fhatthesaid Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to eoufider further of the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisiotis.

1

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Private Tomorrow, to proceed upon any Private Bdfmefs after Bufiueft. Two of the Clock.

An ingrossed BillforpunishingMutiny and Desertion, Army; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quar* ters, was read the Third Time. Desertion.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass .: And that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That. Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

o

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parlia- k®* ment, the Laws relative to the Poor of this Kingdom;

And that Mr. Gilbert, Sir CharlesKemyTynte, the Lord Clare, the Lord North, Mr. Blackstone, and Mr. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Supply.

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

llefolved, That it. is the Opinion of this Committee,

That One Third Part of the Capital Stock of Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum, established by an Act made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry, and for raising the Sum of Three millions, Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties, which thall remain after the 5th Day of January next, be redeemed and paid

oft' on the 5th Day of July next, after discharging the Interetl then payable in respect of the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred and seventy-five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to redeem and pay off One Third Part of such Capital Stock of Annuities.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do forthwith give Notice;

That One Third Part of the Capital Stock of Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centuiti, established by an Act made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty

several


4§c>

Decembris.

1767.

Supply Hill; Land Tax.

Committee on Corn, &c.

several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this' Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry, and for raising the Sum of Three millions, Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties, which shall remain after the Fifth Day o(January next, will be redeemed and paid off on the fifth Day of July next, after discharging the

Interest then payable in respect of the fame, agreeable to the Clauses and Powers of Redemption contained in the said Act.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Gre Britain, for the Service of the Year 1768, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that the}' have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Inftrnation to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Lax, of the Year 1766, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1768.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.Paterson,reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several amendments thereunto , which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

C

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday the 19th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Afcfs passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mr. Rigby and'M.r. Forrcferdo prepare, and bring in, the fume.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchant?, Freeholders, and Manufacturers of the Town of Hoi-verhamplon, in the County of w as preleu ted to

the House, and read; Complaining of the Distreffcs which the Poor in general labour under, from the Dear-ness of Corn, and other Provisions: And praying tin-House to take the Matters iutoConsideration, and pio-vide such Remedies for the fame, as they shall jiulge confident with the real and permanent Interest of the whole Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred, to consider further of the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Com and Provisions.

High Price of

PfoiiSam

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge and vary the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing and widening the Hoad, from the'West End of Thames Street, in the City of Oxford, over Botley Causeway,to the Turnpike Road, near

Fifeld, in the County of Berks-, and to provide more effectually for repairing stnd widening the ancient Horse Road, from the West End of Botley to Wit-

ney, in the County of Oxford-, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title he, An Act to enlarge and vary the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing and widening the Road, from the West End of Thames Street, in the City of Oxford, 6ver Botley Causeway to the Turnpike Road near Fifeld, in the County of Berks; and to provide more effectually for repairing and widening the ancient Horse Road, from the \\ eft End of Botley Caujeway, to Witney, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackfdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of William Wright, of the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is

Oit/onj

over

Boucj

CiUi<UV'4»

Rwl

StoeVport

Chapel

Private

Bufineff.

only One Church in the said Town, which w ill not contain the Inhabitants of the said Town; and the Petitioner did, some Time since, with the Consent of the Rector of the said Church, and of the Patron thereof, and the Bishop of the Diocese, allot a Piece of Ground foi*the Scite of a Chapel and Chapel Yard, and ctmfed the same to be inclosed with a Brick Wall , and has lately, with the like Consent, at his own Expence, cauled a Chapel to be built on Part of the said Ground, and Pews to be made therein, and the said Chapel to be in all Things nearly completed, and made fit for performing Divine Service-, and hath nominated a fit Person to be Minister, or Curate, thereof; and proper Persons to be Chapel W ardens; and that the Petitioner is seized in Fee Simple of a Messuage and Lauds, in the Township of in the said

County of C liefer -, and also of several Messuages, Lands,

Navestock

Inclosure.

Mercuriiy 160 die Decembris;

Anno#<5° Georgii III*" Regis, 1767.

Prayers.

1H E House being moved, in pursuance of the Older of Yesterday, that Leave be given to move the House, this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House, this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered and Hereditaments, in the Township of in

upon, this Day, after Two of the Clock. the said County; and like wile of divers Messuages,

Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Townships of A Petition of the Lord of the Manors of Navefock O^fe/Von, and Stockport and is delirous that tire laidCha-and I.of shall, in the County of Essex-, and also of several pel should be made a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and,

Persons having Right of Common, on the Common and -- --- ....

Heath called Navefock Common and Heath, within the said Manors; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, it would be a great Benefit to the Per fons interested in the said Common and Heath, if the same were divided and allotted amongst them, according to their respefctive Intere.fis: And therefore praying That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, purl'uant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

together with the Pews therein, and the said Clvapel Y ard, and the \V all round the same (except such of the said Pews as are intended for the Cfe of the Petitioner, and his Family, and the Chapel Wardens, of the said Chapelj should be vested in the Curate of the said Chapel, for the Time being; and purposes that afufficknt annual Sum shall be secured to, and vetted, in, the said Curate and Ivis Succeltovs, and payable out of and Iron the said Filates, in the said Township of Mott ram A drew, during the Fife of the Petitioners Wife, and ter her Death, then out of and from the said Estates

8 Geo. III.

6° Decembris.

.81

the fitid Township of Handforth, for ever, towards the Maintenance and Support of the said Curate and liisSuc-cofl'ors; and that another suficient annual Sum be secured to and vested in the Chapel Wardens of the said Chapel, to be for evermore issuing and payable out of the said Estates, in the saidTownships of Saif, Offer ton, and Stockport, to be applied in paying an mud Stipends, or Salaries, to the Clerk and Sexton, and other Ue-quifites attending the Duty of their Office; upon Condition that the Right of nominating, or presenting, a fit ..... . -

Person to the said Curacy', and of nominating and ap- Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce

Ordered, That Sir George Savile Mr. Ovjloiv, Mr. Pcflr Laws, Doivdejioell, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. IMr. Gray*

and Mr. Bacon, be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relative to the Poor of this Kingdom.

Mr. Leioisreported from the Committec,to whom the

Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s

High*;}

and

Turnpike

Roads.

pointing the Chapel Wardens, Clerk, and Sexton, of the said Chapel, be invelted in the Petitioner, during his Life; and after his Death, then to, and in such Perron, or Persons, who, for the Time being, lha.ll be Owner, or Owners, of the Manor or Lordship, and capital Messuage, or Mansion House, of MottramAndrew aforesaid, or the Scite thereof, for ever: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Chapel a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and effectuating other the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, 0>urfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: and that Mr. Wil braham, Mr. Gray, and Mr. Bootle,

do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Grundy’s

Wanic-

An ingrossed Bill to enable John Sivinfen, lately called John Grundy, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Sivinfen, was read the ThirdTime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to enable John lately called John

Grundy, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Sivinfen.

Ordered, That Mr. Wird do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

into One Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and also, Onc other Act passed in the said Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws nowiu being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had gone through tire Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto , which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed ta the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

A Petition of the Alderman, Comburgefles, and Burgestes, of the Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, re-iiding in or uear the said Borough, whose Hands are thereunder set and subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Provisions of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for Ordered, That Mr. Onjlmo do make the Report from the Amendment and Preservation of the Public High-the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill ways of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to mentioned, are very oppressive: And therefore praying be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year the House to take the Premises into due Consideration,

1768, was committed. and give such Relief therein as to the House shalt

Mr. Onslow accordingly reported from the said Com- teem fit. mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be re- Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and ported to the House; and he read the Report in his render more effectual, an Act passed in the Seventh Year Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to cx-Amendment.*, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the plain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament*

Ditto.

Offices

and

Loughtbtx

Inclosure.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then the several Statutes now in being, for the Amendment a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question ad Preserv ation of the Public Highways of this King-severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House, dom, ami for other Purposes therein mentioned; and Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be also, One other Act, passed in the said Seventh Year of ingrossed. His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament,

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as have the general Laws now in being, for regulating the omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ- Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for other Pur-Empioynwnu. ments, within the Time limited by Law, and for allow- poses therein mentioned; is recomitted.

ing further Time for that Purpose; and to indemnify Sir CharlesMordaunt presented to the House, accord-

M embers, and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Borough Towns, whole Admilfions have been omitted and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common to be fiamped, according to Law, or having been Failures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, stamped, have been loll or mislaid; and for allowing in the Parish of Loughton, in the County of Bucks: And them Time to provide Admilfions duly stamped; was the same was received; and read the JnrflTime. read the Third Time. Rejoiced, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted StrJFilliam Beauchamp Preftcrr presented to the House, MtryleBon*

to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments according to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act* made Street*, 4te* within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing fur- in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Mather Time for that Purpose; and to indemnify Members jest y King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, anil Borough Dfctter regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and Towns, whose Admis lions have been omitted to be cleansing, en[ighrening, and paving the Streets, Squares, stamped according to Lawr,. or, having been stamped, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways have been loft or millaid; and for allowing them Lime and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Pa-to provide Admilfions duly stamped. rish of Mary Bone, in the county of ;

Ordered, That Mr. Pugh Pryfc do carry the Bill to and for the better Maintenance of the Poor, regulating the Lords, and ddire their Concurrence. the nightly Watch and Beadles, cleaufing, enlightening,

Vol. 31. 6 G and

4^2

i 6° — i 70 D

d. 1767,

and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other of the united Company of Merchants of England, Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, trading to the East Indie.1;, with respect to the making

Arnold’s

Naific*

Redemption of certain Annuities.

within the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the Firit Time.

Rejoiced’, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for continuing, establishing, and confirming the Surname and Arms of W 11 [linger, unto Wallinger,

formerly called John Arnold, and his Ifi'ue, pursuant to the Will of John Wallinger,his late Uncle, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, pursuant to their Order to him of Yesterday, he had signified by Writing, inserted in the London Gazette of Yesterday, and affixed on the Royal Exchange of upon this

Day, the Resolution of this House of Yesterday, That One Third Part of the Capital Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum, established by an Act made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to llis Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry, and for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties, which shall remain after the Fifth Day of January next, will be redeemed and paid off on the Fifth Day of next, after dif-

d

28.

of Dividends: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fMr. Stanley,

Tellers for the Yeas,'Mr. Thomas Toicnjhend,

{ Junior: J

Tellers for the Noes, j»jr‘ \

{ Mr. Montagu. } 1

So it was resolved in the affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House, an Estimate of the Cargoes expected in the Courlc of the ensuing Summer, deducting Customs, Freight, and Charges.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House, an Account of the Merchandize intheWare-houses of the Company in India, together with an Account of their Cash, and Debts due to them by Bond or otherwise there, as far as the same can be made up.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole

F-ift Wj

CuUtJSDf.

t:


Sspplf.

charging the Interest then payable in respect of the H°uses to consider further of the SuPP^ Seated to His fame, agreeable to the Clauses and Powers of Redemp- AlaJe Y-

tion contained in the said Act. And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

The said Notice inserted in the London Gazette, and Morning, Nine of the Clock,

affixed on the Royal Exchange; is as followed!; viz. "

A Resolution and Order of the House of Commons, Martis 150 die Decembris 1767.

Resolved, That One Third Part of the Capital Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum, established by an Act made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry, and for raising the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties," which shall remain after the Fifth Day of January next, he redeemed and paid off on the Fifth Day of July next, after discharging the Interest then payable in respect of the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do forthwith give Notice, that One Third Part of the Capital Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per established

by an Act made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act; for granting to His Majesty

yovisy 170 die Decembris \

Anno 8° Georgii III'" Regis, 1767.

Pray ers.

OIR Charles Mordailntpresented to the House, ac-O cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, on the South and West Parts of the River Learn, in the Manor and Parish of Priors, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the Firit Time.

Rt/olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ltmirr'oo

Friers

inclolurc.

A Petition of FTquire, Owner or Pro-

prietor of certain Lands, within the Parish of Tilsworth, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish and Manor, certain Open and Common Fields, belonging to the Pet itioner, and others, which lie inter-leverai additional Duties upon Wines imported into mixed and dispersed, and are not at present capable of this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and any considerable Improvement, but if divided, and Perry, and for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five inclosed, might be improved to great Advantage: hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties, which shall bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open remain after the Fifth Day of January next, will be and Common Fields, under such Regulations as to the

TsKwvb

IucUvite.

East India Company’s dividends.

redeemed and paid off on the Fifth Day of July next, after discharging the Intereil then payable in respect of the fame, agreeable to the Clauses and Powers of Redemption, contained in the said Act.

Which Resolution and Order, thus tigned and pub-liflied by me, are to be sufficient Notice of the Repayment ot One Third Part of the said Capital Stock of ' Annuities, which shall remain after the Fifth Day of Januatynext, and of the Redemption of so much of the said Annuities as are attending on the said T hird Part.

J. Cujt, Speaker.

The Lord North presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further regulating the Proceedings

House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir CharlesMor daunt, Mr. Francis Vincent, Mr and Mr. Loiondes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Go

1

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads leading to and through the Town of Goudhurst, in the County of Kent, was

read -the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several.Roads leading to and through the Town of Goudhurst, in the County of Kent.

Ordered,

8 Geo. III. I j°Dec 48

Ordered, That Sir Brook do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

i3d«mtun Mr. Abercromby reported from the Committee, to oa 5‘ tvhom the Petition of the Heretors and Freeholders of the County of Clack?nanan,was referred. That the Committec had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Ilonfe; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in attheClerk’sTable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Burnet Abercromby, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Roads mentioned in the Petition are Public Highways, and much used; That the said Roads are in many Places very narrow, and in other Places so deep and foundcrous, as to be highly inconvenient and dangerous for Pafft ngers; and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Ccurfo of Law.

Colonel James Maficrlo??,being examined, confirmed

the above evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Claekmanan, Perth, and Sterling: And that Mr.

Abercromby and the Lord Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Sedoiid Time.

Mr. Onjloio reported from the Committee, to whom Highways the Bill to explain, amend, and render more ellipitual, and an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Ala- Turnpike jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and also One other Act, passed in the said Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was recommitted; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the* Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, that they do turn the said Bill into Two Bills, if they think fit.

Tavlors 5 A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are regulating the reunto subscribed, being a Committee appointed by the Trade, the whole Body of Mailer Taylors residing within the City of London, and some Miles round the fame, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the said Body, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for regulating the Journeymen Taylors, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, is found to be in several Respects defective, and has not answered the good Purposes thereby intended; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that proper provision should be made for regulating the Mailer Taylors, and their Journeymen, within the City of London, and Five Miles round the fame, wherein the Interests of both should be considered; bir which Means the Differences and Disputes, which lo frequently happen between them, to the great Detriment and Interruption of the Trade, and to the Impoverishment of many, might be prevented: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Rules, Directions, and Restrictions, as the House Hi all think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr Mr Luther, Lord Graj, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Patterson , Mr. Bcjl, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

dejiodl, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Gore, Mr. Heweft, Mr. Fbn-

tiereau, Mr. Thurloio, Mr. Dr. Hay, Air.

Vane, Mr. Burrell, Air. , Mr. Jackson, Air.

Onjlozo, Mr. Bertie, Air CAir. llcrne, Mr. Pres-

cot.t, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Hayes, Sir Brook Biydges, Sir MeyrickBurrell, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Cholmo??-deley, Mr. TozonJhend, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Francis Delaval;

and all the Alembers who l'erve for the City of London; and for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, Kent, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Rempftone Air. Ilexcelt, presented to the House, according to Incloiurc. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Rempflone, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the Firli Time.

Vol. 3t.

Air. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom the s«vertt Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or to Canal from the River Severn, at or near a Place called Droitwich Hawford, in the Pariflx of Claines, in the County of Cana

Worcester,to or near a Place called Chapel Bridge, within the Borough of Droitwich, in the said County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: V here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty Supply fiill j by a I and Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Land Ta*. Service of the Year 1768, was read the Third Time;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to lie raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 176S.

Ordered, That Air. Patterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and ddire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing David Pete ImhofP*

was read the Third Time. Nat.

ReJ’olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing David Peter Imhoff.

Ordered, That Sir JoJ'eph Maiobey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put shoredifek in execution the several Acts of Parliament, for repair- Stree* ing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through,

to Stamford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Beth-nall Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End in the County of Middlesex,was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners, observing by the Votes, that a Petition hath been prefen ted, from the Inhabitants of the High Streets, called Holy Well Street,

Church End, and Part of Kingsland in the Parish

84*

i y8 — 18" Decemlris.

A. iy6j.

of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middle- lev that was steeped, on or before the ijthBarof sex, leading from Norton Falgate, to the Cherry Tree, in November 1766.

Kingsland Road, on behalf of them (elves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Streets, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the better paving the said Streets, and for such other Purposes, as are therein mentioned; and setting forth, That the Tax of Six Pence in the

It appeared, by the Votes of this Mouse, that the Ja!t mentioned Act received the Koval Assent on the iOth Day of December last.

It appeared by the Evidence of Mr. Samuel Mayes, an Officer of the Excise, that the Petitioners, presuming

Pound, which they propose to lay on themselves, will that the same Indulgence would be given in the Act of be by no means adequate to the proposed Expence un- the last Year, as was given in the Act of the preced-less aided by a Tpll of One Halfpenny, to be taken as ing Year, continued making Malt till the r 6th Day of a daily Toll (Sundays excepted) at the several T urnpikes December last, and were surprized to find, that fheEx-already erected at Kingsland, Hackney, and Bethnall portation was confined to Malt made, or Barley

Green Roads, leading to the said High Streets, upon steeped, before the 15th Day of November. every Horse, in or out of Carriages used for Pleal'ure; That he has now in his Custody, and has had for and that these Petitioners think (as far as it relates to hear 12 Months, under the King’s Locks about 1100 them) they shall be greatly aggrieved, if Leave be given Quarters of Malt, which was made between the y!i to bring ina Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in Manner Day of November and the 16th Day ot 1706:

as in the Petition set forth: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Petition; and have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall feein fit. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

That the Owners of this Malt waited for the Expiration of the Act of the last Session, in hopes of being then able to export it, but are prevented by an Act made in the present Session.

That this Malt is made from very bad Barley, aiul

foundling

Hospital.

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition not sufficiently floored; and is of so bad a Qualif y, as to of the Inhabitants of the High Streets, called Holy Well be unfit for the Brewery or Distillery; aiul that Street, Church End, and Part of Kingsland Bond, in the during his Experience of 37 Years, which he has been Parish of St. Leonard's, Shoreditch, in the County of an Officer of the Excile, he has never known any Malt Middlesex, leading from Norton Falgate, to the Cherry of so bad a Quality fold for Consumption in England: Tire, in Kingsland Road, in behalf of themselves and And that this Malt will be certainly spoiled, or eat the rest of the Inhabitants of the saidRoads, is referred, up by Vermin, if it continues locked up in the Warc-

houses another Year:

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, how the Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds, which was granted last Session of Parliament to the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and

And lie added. That, in his Opinion, were the Duties to be paid, and the Malt fold in England, it would not fell for move than the Amount of the Duties.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being

Salted

Provisions.

Education of exposed and deserted young Children, for proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to placing outChildren Apprentices, hath been disposed of, permit the Exportation of certain Quantities of Malt, distinguishing in such Account how many Children now lying in llis Majesty’s Storehouses; have been placed out with such Money, the Hospitals The House was moved, that the Aildrefs of this House or Places from whence such Children have been placed to His Majesty, upon the x ith Day of November 1766, out, and the respective Sums which have been given at relating to the continuing of the Embargo upon all each of the said Hospitals or Places. Ships, and Vessels, laden, or to be laden, with 'Wheat,

or Wheat-flour, to be exported to Foreign Parts, and The House was moved, that an Act made in the to extend the same to all Ships and Vessels laden, or to 5th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, be laden, withBarley, or Malt, for Exportation, might An Act for Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, be read.

High Price 5 of Provisions.

Exportation

of

Corn, Sec.

and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Bradjhqzv, the Lord Clare, and Sir Joseph ,do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

RiJblved,rTba.t this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the present Price of Provisions.

Mr. Jackson reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several Merchants, and Malfters, having Stocks of Malt made for Exportation between the 15th November 176b, and the passing of the Act last Year for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s ’Fable*. Where the same was read; and is as fol-'loweth;

It appeared, by an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, lor prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, that Liberty was given to export such: Malt has had been made, or wetted, for Exportation, before the Day the Act received the Royal Afl’cnt.

It appeared, by an Act made in the last Session of

Parliament, that the Liberty of exporting Malt, was confined to Malt made for Exportation, and to Bar-

iC»

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question was put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit the Exportation of certain Quantities of Malt, now lying in His Majesty’s Storehouses.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f Mr. Attorney General, > letters for the leas, Mr. Jackson S 9*

Tellers for the Noes, } 7*

Mr.

Mr. Fuller.

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, that 40 Members were not present; and it being then after four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, N ine of the Clock.

Verier is 180 die Decembris;

Anno 8* Georgii 1II, U Regis, 1767. Prayers.

f\RD ERED, That Leave be given to move tt House upon Monday next, to proceed upon anj private Bufmels after Two of the Clock.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Cc moil Field#, "Meadows, and Common Een, within

Pari

Carron

and

Clyde

Navigation,

Shoreditch

to

Etui field Road.

Cvlbom’s

Name.

Co non Icy luclosure.

8 Geo. III. i8° Decembri 485

Bariflics of Billingborbugh and Bir/horpe, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving the said Fen; Was read a Second Time.

Rcfohrd, That the Bill be committed to Lord

hnc Bertie, Mr. Morton, Lord Mr.

Mr. Bc/f, Mr . Abercromby, Mr. Conway, Mr

Mr. Grdy, Sir Charles Mordann Mr. Gore, Lord Grey,

Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Dundas, Mr. W eft, Mr. Montagu, M r. Calcrqft, Mr. JenkinfMr. Lord

JohnCavendish, Mr. Foley, Mr. Dufon, Mr. Bindley, Lord

Thomond, Mr. Drake, Sir. Cooper, Mr. Wood, Mr.

Clevland, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Sandys, General Irwin, Lord George Sackville; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, Northampton, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Month of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dabnuir Burnfoot,in the County of Dum-

barton-, and also a Collateral Cut from the same, to the City of Glajgoiu: And the same was received; and read

the First Time.

Rtf lived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Beauchamp presented to the

TIoufe, according to Order, a Bill to continue and render more effectual several Acts passed for repairing the Road leading from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint

Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of to the

furthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Endfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Chc/hunt, in the County of Hertfordand for amending the Road from the Watch-house in Edmonton, to the Market Place in Etffield: And the same was received;

and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bil] be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Thomas Kilborn, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That John Burroiccs, late of Bruntinin the County of Leicester,deefeased, by his Will, dated the Fourteenth

Hay of July One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one, gave and devised his real Estates, at Shearjby and-Brunt ingthorpe, in the County of Leicester, subject to the Payment of certain Annuities and Sums of Money in the said M ill mentioned, and all other his real Estate whatsoever and wheresoever to the Petitioner for Life, with divers Remainders over, and by his said Will did direct, that the Petitioner, and all Persons, whofhould, by \ irtue of the Limitations contained in his Will, be in Poflertion of his real Estate, should use, assume, and take upon himself and themselves, the Surname of Bur-roues, and no other, and should endeavour to obtain an Act of Parliament for that Purpose; and that the f'etitioner, in pursuance of the said Will, is desirous that he and his Ifl’ue Male, may take and use the Surname of Burroiccs, and no other, by the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and hislfl’ue Male, to take and use the Surname of jowes, and no other, pursuant to the M ill of John Burrowes, deeeal'ed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gray, Mr. Bull, and the Lord Grey, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Roger Swire, Esquire, ami others whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is within the Manor and Township of Couoidey, in the Parish of Kildzcick, in the West Riding of the County of York,

Vo;.. 31.

a certain Common, or Tract o'fWafte Ground, commonly called Cortotdey Moor,coMoimxng,by Rftimatiou,

Six hundred Acres, or thereabouts, which is not, in its presentSituation,capable of any Irttprovement, nor can be occupied to such Advantage, as it might be if the same was div ided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common, or Tract of Waite Ground, in such Manner as to the House flia.ll feeiu meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Bull, and Sir Anthony Abdy, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr. Westcet, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended At the Door; he Was called in; and,

at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled " Anno 1766, An Account ofthfe " Expenditure in Money, Goods, Stores, and Passengers, " of the Money received by the Commifteeo'f the Company of Merchants trading to Africa-, distingmihing " each Article under its proper Title."

Ahd then lie withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was tead.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be peril fed by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is prei’erved aiuongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come ttrithe Coih-mittfee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commons, in the Manor of Laleham, in the Counties-of Middlifex and Surrey, is committed.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City 0 f London,attended at the Door; they were called

in; and, at the Bar presented to the-House,

A Pet ition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That, by an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening the Cify of London, and the Liberties thereof,

and for prfeVentingObftruftions and Annoyanccswithin the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, the folePower and Authority of pitching, paving, cleansing, and enlightening the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the said City, and Liberties thereof, was vested in the Petitioners; and that the Powers granted by thb said Act have, in several particulars, been found defective and insufficient for answering the good Purposes thereby intended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That tire said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as ii shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Paterj'on, Mr. Prefcotti tl*e Lord Mayor of London, Lord Mr. Burrell,

Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Toun/hcnd, Mr. Dyjbn, Mr. Moly-iteux, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Bull, Mr. Brtidjhaw, Mr.. Bindley, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Smith, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Vane, Mr. Mr. Lascelles,

Mr. Wood, Mr. Merrick, Mr. Vavflttart, Sir Jokti Wynne, Mr. Jenhinfon, Mr. Darker, Mr. Herne, Mr. Onslow, Sir Robert Ladbroke, M r. Stepney, N Ir.

General Gritme, Sir Meyrick Burrell, Admiral Holburne, Mr. Whately, Mr. Hunter -, and all the Members who serve for the City of London; and for the Counties of 6 H Middle-

African

Company.

Laleham

Inclosure.

City of,

London

Paring.

486

18° Decembris.

A 1767.

Jlfiddlesex, EJex, Surrey, Kent, and Hertford:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quclliou severally put thereupon, some of them were postponed, and the relt were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways of this

A Message from the I-ords, by Mr. Anguish and

Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Mait Duties. Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty, cer-.tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand, Seven hundred and Sixty-eight, without any Amendment: And also. Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Importation *ie Eords ^ave agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act with the Amendments, except the Clauses (the Amend-of Indian for the free Importation of Indian Corn, or Maize, from ments to which have been postponed) be ingroifed.

any of His Majesty’s Colonies'in America, for a Time Rejolird, That the Bill to explain, amend, and ren-therein limited, without any Amendment: And also, der more effectual, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to Ad to enable the Reverend Ralph Drake, Clerk, and explain, amend, and reduce into One Ad of Purlia-his Issue, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of meat, the several Statutes, now in being, for the Amend-Brockman, pursuant to the Will of James Brockman, ment and Preservation of the Public Highways of this Esquire,deceased, without any Amendment: And also, Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and also. One other Act, passed in the said Seventh Year to enable James Shuttlezeorth the Y'ounger, Esquire, of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to hnd his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Anns explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament,

Com.

Drake’s

Name.

Shmdeworth's

Name.

Aubert’s

Nat.

Roflier’s

and

o {Holden,pursuant to the Wi jl of Robert Holden, Esquire, deceased, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act 'for naturalizing.Aubert, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing John Francis Rojjier, and Charles Au-Willerniin’s gtijhts Rodolph Lends de JVillermin -, with some Amend-at‘ ments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Con-

currence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the present Price of Provisions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

High Price of

Provisions.

the general Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, with respect to the Clauses, the Amendments to which have been postponed, be recommitted.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed, to the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

The Order of the Day, being read for the House to Ww resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, Thatthis House will, upon Friday the 15th Day of January next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for further regulating the Proceedings of the M Infix United Company of Merchants of England, trading to C«mww’i the East Indies, with respect to the making of Divi dends, was, according to Order, read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon the

19th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Salted

Provisions.

t lighways and T urnpike Roads.

Mr. Bradjhaio presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of salted Beet Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Irelafor a limited Time: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

R<solved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, AnA6tto explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and also. One other Act,

Snpffe.

The otherOrder of the Day being read, for the Houfa to resolve itself into a Committee of the \vholeHouse,so consider further of the Supply granted to His Maje fiv v Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may he necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra YV orks, over and above what are propolVtl to be done upon the Heads of Wear and !'ear and Ordinary, in the Year 1768, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That pafi'ed in the said Seventh Year of his present Majesty’s they had come to several Resolutions , which they had

Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, lor regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: was again re-committed; That tlie Committeehad, pursuant to the Power given them by the I louse, turned the said Bill into Two Bills; and that the Committee had made fev eral other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the

directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morbing next.

Mr. Paterjbnalfo acquainted the House, that he w directed by the Committee to move,that they may ha Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will,upon Friday the i Day of January next, resolve itself into a Coinmith

Highway*

and

Trtrnpike

Roads.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Highways

and

Turnpike

Roads.

Goudhurst

Roads.

Army; Mutiny and Desertion.

Offices

and

Employments.

Oxford

over

Botley

Causeway

Road.

8 Geo. III. i8°-t-2i° . 487

the whole House, to confuler further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Onjlowhave Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly , and,

- An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Onjloiv do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna> 210 die Anno 8" Georgii IIP" Regis, 1767. Prayers.

Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr. Cuddon;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Statutes how in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and through the Town of Goudhurji, in the County of Kent,without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and to indemnify Members, and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be llaraped according to Law, or having been damped, have been loll or mif-laid; and for allowing them Time to provide Ad-fnilfions duly llamped, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge and vary the Term and Powers of an Act for

VOL. 31.

repairing and widening the Road from the Wed End of Thames Street, in the City of over Botley

Causeway, to the Turnpike Road, near in the County of Berks , and to provide more effectually for repairing and widening the ancient Horse Road, from the Wed End of Botley causeivay, to in the County of Oxford, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Meadows of Stozv, within the Panlh of Threcking-ham, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Swinfen, lately called John Grundy, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arias of Sivinfen, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Francis and

Charles Augufius Rodolph Lewis deWillermin.

And the said Amendments were read} and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. x, 1. 8. Leave out " and."

1.12. After "Switzerland," insert "Nicholas "Freefe, Son of Jurgen FreeJ'e, by " Maria his Wife, born at Hamburgh, "in Germany, John James "Son of Matthew Schlapffer, by Catharine, his Wife, born at Speicker, "in Switzerland, and Lewis Repinder, "Son of Victor Repinder, by Winifred " Langdale, his Wife, born in the " Duchy of Parma."

1. 27. Leave out " and."

1. 28. After " WiUerinfert " Nicholas " Freefe, John James Schlapffer, and " LexoisRepinder."

Pr. 2, 1. 8. Leave out " and."

1. 9. After " Willermin," insert " Nicholas "Freefe, John James Schlapffer, And "Lewis Repinder."

Pr. 3, 1.10. Leave out " and."

1. 11. After " WiUermin," insert "

" Freefe, John James Schlapffer, and " Lewis Repinder."

I. 23. Leave out "and."

J. 25. After " Willermin," insert " Nicholas

" Freefe, John James Schlapffer, and " Lewis Repinder."

In the Title of the Bill, leave out " and; " and after " Willermin," insert " Nicholas Freefe, John James " Schlapffer, and Lewis Repinder."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Byde do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal, from the River Severn, at or near a Place called Hanford,in the Parish of Claines, in the County of Worcester,to or near a Place called

Chapel Bridge, within the Borough of Droitwich, in said County, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, impowering the Commissioners to ascertain the Rates of Wharfage.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank} which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Refulved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable

Cut

Threeking-

bam

Inclosure.

Grundy’*

Name.

Roffier’s

and

Willermin’*

Nit.

Severn

to

Droitwich

Cant].

488

Cut or Canal, from the Rivet at or near a

Plaice called llavcford, in the Parish of in the County of Worcester,to or near a Place called

Brklge, within the Borough of in the said

County.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Hotham Mr. Daniel Lascelles presented to the Hpufe, ac-

Ihclosure. cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing tire Open and Common Fields, Meadows, send Pastures, within the Township of Hotham, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejblvyd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Private The House being moved, in pursuance of the Order

Bufntch. of Friday lull, that I^eave be given to move the Houl’c, this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House, this Day, after Two of the Clock Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Coventry A Petition of Francis and Abraham Brace-

10 bridge, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read;

TlCana?.*1' Seeing forth. That a Bill is now depending in the House, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from the City of Coventry, to communicate, upon Fradley Heath, in the County of with a Canal

now making between the Rivers and Merjh)

and \hat the Petitioners gave their Content that the Canal should be made through their Lands, agreeable to the Plan of Mr. James Brindlry, the Engineer; but the Petitioners find, that the said Plan has been since altered (contrary to the Opinion of Mr. Brindley), and the Course of the Canal j§ now proposed to be carried on the North East Side of the Town of At her-ston, by which Alteration, the Petitioners apprehend they will be greatly injured: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be received Irom the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

LaVham A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Inclosure. thereunto subscribed, being Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers, of certain Messuages, Cottages, Frontsteads, and Lands, and entitled to Rights of Common, within the Manor of Laleham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey;and also Owners-of certain Cattle Gates,

or Rights of Pasturage of Cattle, within and upon a certain Common, in the County of Surrey, called Lale-ham Buruay, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is brought in for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commons in the said Manor; and that the Inclosure, fought by the said Bill, is contrary to the general Senle and Opinion of the Petitioners, and others, who compose a Majority in Number of the Owners and Proprietors of, or Per* Ions interested in, the Lands and Commons intended to be inclosed; and the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be injurious to all the Petitioners; and that, as the Petitioners conceive, the said Common, called Laleham Bitnvay, is not within, or Parcel of, the Manor of Laleham; and that the Petitioners will, in respect of their Rights and Properties therein, be subjected, by the said Bill, to double Services and Jurisdictions, the said Burwaybeing claimed, and upon a Trial at Law

proved to be within, and Parcel of, the Manor of ( 'hertfeyBeaumont: And therefore praying. That the

Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill; and that the same may not be passed into a Law, or that such other Order may be made for the Relief of the Petitioners, as to tin* Ifoufe 1 ha.ll seem most meet and expedient. iS

A. 1767.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Daniel Lascelles presented to the House, ac- Litton

cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing fe- Inclosuit, veral Stinted Pastures, within the Township of Litton, in the Parish of Arncliffe,in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-MiryleBone ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George *trwts> the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating &c* the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, en-. lightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Man/ le Bone, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better Maintenance of the Poor, regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, cleansing, eulighteu-ing, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages; and repairing the Highways and Causeways within the said Parish; was read a Second Tiipe.

A Message from His Majesiv, by Sir Francis Moly-neux. Gentleman Ulher of the Biack Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this I lonourable House to at- Royal Afa tend His Majesty, immediately, in the I louse of Peers. ,0 Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following;

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Serv ice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight:

An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for the free Importation of Indian Com or Maize, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, for a Time therein limited:

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stumped according to Lnv, or, having been damped, have been Jolt or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly llamped:

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enlarge and vary the 'Perm and Powers of an Act, for repairing and widening the Road from, the Well End of Thames Street, in the City of Oxford, 1

over Botley Canfavay, to the Turnpike Road ncnrFi/ield, in the County of Berks;and to provide more ellectually

for repairing and widening the ancient Ilorfe Road, from the Welt End of Botley Causeway to Witney, in the County of Oxford.

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and through the Town of Goudhurjt, iti the County of Kent-:

An

21° Decembris.

8 Geo. III. 21" Decem480

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows of Stow, within the Parish of Threekingam, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act to enable James the Younger,

Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Holden, pursuant to the Will of Holden, Esquire, deceased:

An Act for enable John Swinfen, lately called John Grundy, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Sioinjen:

An Act to enable the Reverend Balph Drake, Clerk, and his Issue, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Brockman, pursuant to the Will of James Brockman, Esquire, deceased.

An Act for naturalizing William Anbert:

An Act for naturalizing Dirk Willem Van Dam:

An Act for naturalizing John Francis Charles

AugujlusRodolph Lewis de Willermin, Nicholas Freefe, John James Schlapffer, and Lewis Repinder.

Then Mr. Speaker opened the Bill for repealing an ‘ c* Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch anti Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Bone, in

the County of Middlesex; and for the better Maintenance of the Poor, regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, within the said Parish.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Beauchamp Proflor, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Mr.

Whitworth, Sir Francis Delaval, M r. Fonnereau, Colonel Jrzvin, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Bull, Mr. Willoughby, Sir George Savile, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. PaterJ'on, Mr.

Mr. Thiirlow, Mr. Cooper, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Gore, Colonel St. John, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Burton, Mr. Townsend, Sir Charles KemysTynte, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Upton,

Mr. Luther, Mr. West, Captain Elliot, Mr. Way, Mr. Moh/neux; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex, the City of and the

Counties of Hertford, Ffj'ex, Surrey, Suffer, and And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-Inclosure- mon Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, on the South and Welt Parts of the River Iwam, in the Manor and Parish of Lemington Priors, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir George Warren, Mr. Conway, Mr. Gilbert, Lord Beauchamp, Lord Grey, Sir George Savile, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Grey, Mr. Archer, Mr. Buller, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Mr. Bull, Mr.

Fitzmaurice, Mr. Torn Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Thurlow, Mr. Upton, Sir Edu ard Bayntun, Mr. Luttrell, Nr. Coventry, Nr. Burton, Mr. Wood, Mr. Cater aft, Mr. White, Sir FrancisDtlaval, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Wynn,

Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Methuen, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Samuel Cornish, Mr. Byde, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Darker, Colonel and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, Worcester, Gloucester, Hereford, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, hi the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ashby de I» A Petition of the Right honourable Francis Earl of Zouch Huntingdon, and the humble Petition of Thomas Abney, nclosure. Esquire, Thomas Richards, Esquire, the Reverend

Cowper, Clerk, Eduard Ashpinj

worth Newton, William Joycci and the other Persons VcL 31.

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Ashby de la Zouch, In the County of Leicester, was pfol'ented to the House, and read; Selting forth. That within the said Lordship are several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, and a certain Common called Ashby which are capable of a very great Improvement by an Inclosure: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Gilbert, the Lord Clare, and Mr. Dyfon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Loughton mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Intlofurf' and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Laughton, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Rijblved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Archer, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Contvay, Sir George Warren, Mr. Grey, Mr. Gore, Lord Beauchamp,

Lord Grey, Sir George Savile, Mr. Jackson, Mr.

Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. liufke, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Iwwndes, Sir

Edward Bayntun, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Upton, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Elliot, M r. Sulivan, Sir Francis Delaval,

Sir William Beauchamp Proflor, Lord Robert Bertie,

Mr. Ryder, Mr. Onslow, Colonel Etehpi, Mr. Pryje Campbell, Mr. Coventry, Mr. CMr. Luther, Mr Hunter, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. LMr. and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Berks, Oxford, Gloucester, Wilts, and Hereford:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Fitzherbert presented to the House, according to Nonranum. Order, a Bill Ibr dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Inclosure. Common Meadows, and Common Pastures in the Parish of Normantun next Derby, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rijblved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right honourable Richard Earl of Willoughton Scarbrough, Lord of the Manor of Part of the Parish Inclosure. of Willoughton,in the County of Lincoln, and also a

Proprietor of a considerable Part of the Open Fields, in the Parish aforesaid; and the humble Petition of the Provost and Scholars of the King's College of Blessed Mary and Saint Nicholas, of Cambridge,\\Yi(y have thereunto set their Common Seal, Lords of the Manor of other Part of the said Parish of Willoughton, and also Proprietors of a considerable Part of the said Open Fields of Willoughton aforesaid, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open Fields, Pieces and Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, and Commonable Lands, lying intermixed and dispersed, which in their present Situation are incapable of Improvement; but if the same were divided and inclosed it would be to the great Advantage and Benefit of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Lands in Willoughton, in Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition s And that Mr.

Fitzherbert, Mr. Smith, Lord Brownlow Bertie, and Mr. Hewett, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

APetition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, Shjwbury, residing near the Roads therein after described, was pre- defeated to the House, and read; Setting forth, That *»«. the Road leading from the End of the present Turn-

61 pike

49° ai° Decembris.; A- 1767.

pike Road in Shawbury,in the County of through

Ilodnet, to Market Drayton, in the said County, and from thence, over Ashley Heath, to in the County of Stafford, and the Road from aforesaid, through Wniton on the Club, to High and from Shawbury aforesaid, to Wan, and from Wan, towards Ellesmere,to the Place near Otclcy Park, where it unites with the Turnpike leading from bury to Ellesmere aforesaid; and also, the Road from Wem aforesaid, to Sandford, where it meets the Turnpike Road between Newport and and also

the Road from Ilodnet aforesaid, to the Smith's Shop in Crudgington, in the said County, are in many Places very narrow, incommodious, and in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of I^aw: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and amending the said Roads, or that such other Relief may be granted as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the I louse:

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, Mr.

Mr. Plumptre, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr.

Fuller, Lord G/;ey, Mr. Abercromby, Mr. Bull, Mr; Gray, Sir Charles Kemys Tynle, Mr. BuUer, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Mr. Conway,

Mr. Foley, Sir George Pocock, Mr. Sulivan, Sir Edward

Bayntun, Mr. Upton, Mr. Mr. Onjloio, Mr.

JIunHr, Mr. Martin, Mr. Prescott, Lord Mr. Burton, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Wood, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Ruj Mr. and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Salop, Chester, LancqJler, and York j and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Laleham Mr. Anthony Bacon reported from the Committee, to

luclosure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and Commons, in the Manor of Laleham, in the Counties of MiddleJ'ex and Surrey, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates, who are entitled to Right of Common in the said Manor, who are rated to the Poors Rate to the Amount of £.8. 2o per Annum; and also the Proprietors of Estates, who are entitled to Right of Common in the said Manor, who are rated to the Poors Rate to the Amount of 1 who, being

applied to, refilled to sign the Bill, but declared they would not oppose the fame; and that the whole of the Estates, in the said Manor, are rated to the Poor Rates to the Amount oi'f.i"]. 6s. or thereabouts and that the Proprietors of Eighty-six Cow Pafhires, or Farines, had refused to give their Consent to the said Bill; and that the whole Number of Cow Pastures, or Farines, are 292!); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the said Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterw’ards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 21 It Day of next.

Ordered, That Counsel lie admitted to be then heard, upon the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers of certain Alell'uages, Cottages Front-Reads, and Lands, and entitled to Rights of Common, within the Manor of Laleham, in the Counties of MiddleJ'ex, and Surrey, and also Owners of certain 21

Cattle Gates, or Rights of Pasturage of Cattle, within and upon a certain Common, in the County of Surrey, called Laleham Burway,this Day presented to the House, and ordered to lie upon t he Table, until the said Report should be received.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be beard, at the same Time, in Favour id' the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Rushout, presented to the House, according to Worcrfttr

Order, a Bill to continue the Terms, and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts of the Twelfth of Queen Anne, the Twelfth of King George the First, and the Twenty-second of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Worcester, through Droilzcich, to grove, and other Roads therein mentioned; and to repeal an Act of the 'Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads lying in and leading from Droitwich aforesaid; and for amending the several

Roads, which were directed to be repaired by the said Act:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for rebuilding and enlarging the Common Co»ctitt Gaol of the City and County of the City of Coventiy, Gaat and for appointing a Place for the Custody of Prisoners in the mean Time, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Archer.,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Conway, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Dyfon,

Mr. Bull, Mr. lieu tit, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr.-Burrell, Sir

George Smile, Mr. Upton, Mr. BuUer, Sir daunt, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Edmonston Lord,

Mr. West, Mr. West, Junior, Mr. Lord Cather-

lough, Sir William Beauchamp Air

Air. Ward, Mr. Wood, Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Bromley, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. RoujhoutfAir. Myddelton, Air,

Luther, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Willoughby; Mr. Mr,

Byde, Mr. Jennings; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, Hereford, Staf-

ford, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

A' Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Meibonwgi Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Undivided Inclosures, kidn&it. and Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Afanor and Parish of Mcxborough, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to Sir George Smile, Mr. Conway, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Air.

Townshend, Mr. Conway, Air. llujke, Mr. Upton, Air.

Tharloxo, Mr. Jackson, Mr. LuAir. Ryder, Mr.

Burrell, Mr. F.dmonftone, Mr. Ix>rd Beau-

champ, Mr.. Hunter, Mr. Cooper, Lord Robert Sir JoJ'eph Mawbey, Mr. Dowdcjwell, Lord John di/h, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Sulivan, Sir Edward Bayntun,

Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Foley, Mr. West; and all the Alenibers who serve for the Counties of York, Durham,

Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancaster, and Nottingham:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Beilby Thompson, Esquire, Thomas Hud- Mffiiwwi

son, John War ram, IV iilium Flint, Joseph Garduin, Henry

Hudj'on, William Wilkinson, the Younger, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of, or otherwise interested in divers Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Town (h ip of lington, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Township, there are several Open and Common Fields,

Common Pastures, Commons and Wastes, reputed to contain 2300 Acres, or thereabouts; which, if divided, inclosed, and allotted to the Owners thereof in proportion totbeir present Right and Interests therein, their

mutual

8 'Geo. III. a1 Decembris* 491

mutual Benefit, and also the public Utility, would be promoted thereby: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Hewett, Sir John Major, Mr. OJbal-defton, and Mr. Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Burton Joyce A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Indolure. Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parilli and Liberties of Burton Joyce, and Bulcoate, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir George Savile, Mr. Fortne-reau, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Fenton, Mr. Hunter, Mr.

Jhend, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Hujke, Mr. Conzvay Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Beauchamp, Mr.

Mr. Thurlaw, Mr. Foley, Mr. Ward, Mr. Luttrell, Sir George Pocock, SiF Edward Bayntun, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Coventry, Sir Charles Mr. Prescott, Mr.

Gilbert, Mr. Brudenell, Sir Peter Leicester, Mr. Darker,

Mr. Keck, Mr. West; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, York, Lincoln, Leicester, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

~ Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Reids,

and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Jtone, in the County of was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hfioett,

Sir George Savile, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Sir

Kemys Tynte, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Mr. Conway, Lord Beauchamp, Mr Mr.

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hujke, Mr. Mr. Dovcdefwell, Mr. Foley, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Ward, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Lascelles, General Bofcawen, Sir John Anjlruther, Lord Ca-1 therlough, Mr. Vane, Mr. Sir George Warren,

Mr. Staunton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, York, Lincoln, Leicester, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Arnold's ‘ An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act N. tue- for continuing, establishing, and confirming the Surname and Arms of unto John

formerly called John Arnold, and his Issue, pursuant to the Will of John Wallinger, his late Uncle, deceased, was read a Second Time.

., Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hujke,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Palk, Mr.

Imc, Mr. Wedderhurn, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Byde, Mr. Jennings, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Coleraine, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Sir George Pocock, Mr. Conway, Mr.

Bull, Mr. Vane, Mr. Edmovfone, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Smith, Mr. Bailer, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Jackson, Kir. Gilbert, Mr. Mr. Prescott, Mr.

DowdefiveU, Mr. I Yard, Mr. Luttrell, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir JoJ'eph Marvbey, Mr. Sir George Savile,

Mr. Willoughby, Mr. M Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bur-

ton, Mr. Rebate, Mr. Luther, Sir George Warren, Mr. Archer, Mr. Lascelles: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

LMe Sheepy A Petition of Edward Esquire, Lord of the

Inclosure/ Manor, the Reverend William Williams, Clerk, and the Reverend William Biddle, Clerk, Rectors, and the rest of the Freeholders of Little Sheepy, in the County of Leicester, whose Names are thereunto set,was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Common Fields, and Commonable and Waste Lands, lying within the Liberty of Little Sheepy aforesaid, lie greatly intermixed, and, in their present Situation, incapable of . Vox. 31.

any Improvement; and as it would be greatly for the Advantage of the Persons mtefrfted therein, to have the same inclosed: Therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring m a Bill for dividing and inclosing the fame, as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That Leave.be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fnant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Kemys Tynte and Mr. Philip Fonnereau do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Buckland Buckland Dinliam,in the County of Somerset, through Dinham

Clandown, to t he End of the Parish of Tinftnuy, lead- Inclosure. ing towards Bristol, and from the ,in the

Parish of MidjummerNorton, through Falkland, to

the End of the Parish of Norton Saint Philips, leading to the Parish of Farleigh Cafle, in the said CoUntyA was read a, Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Smith,

Mr. Palk, Mr. Conway, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Pitt, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Dowdeswell, Co-

lonel Irwin, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Brand, Mr.

Burred, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Stephens, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Thrale, Sir Joseph Mawbey,

Mr. Paterson, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Luther, Mr.

Jackson, Lord Catherlough, Lord Robert Bertie, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Way, Captain Elliot,

Mr. Methuen, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Charles Mordaunt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wills, Dorset, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrotfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act paur*Natx>e,. to enable Judith Paul, and her Issue, to use and take the Name of Saint Paid, was read a Second Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Smith,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Conway, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Edmonstone, Lord ifaaur

champ, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Shifter, Mr. Mr.

Myddelton, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Upton,

Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Jones, Colonel Evelyn, Sir Francis V Mr. Prescott, Mr. Hujke, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Rebow, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Coventry, Sir John De-laval, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Martin, Sir Edward,

Sir Francis Delaval, Mr. Hervett;and all the Mem-

bers who serve for the Counties of Northumberland,

Durham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Marine the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while Force* on Shore: And that Mr. Stephens, Sir Piercy Brett, and Mr. Tucker, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr. Box, from the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Westmlnfier Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City of Wef P*ving. mittfter, Sc. attended- at the Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament.

Copy of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament, made in the ad, 3d, 4th, and 5th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, Sc. from the 24th Day of December 1766 to 9th December 1767, both inclusive; and of all Contracts and Agreements made by the said Commissioners, from the 20th Day of November 1766 to the 21st of October, 1767, both inclusive: And also.

Copies of the Accounts of the Treasurer to the Con*-missioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the City and Liberty of Westminster, of the Receivers to the said Commissioners, and of the Bank of England with the said Commissioners, to the 15th of December »7fi7,ihchtlivr'

49*

2i° Decembris. A. 1767.

And then he withdrew:

And the Titles of the Books containing the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Aijwiroment. Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the

House this Day, adjourn till Thursday Three Weeks, the 14th Day of January next.

Coventry The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee,

FradteyHeath *° w^om the Bill for making and maintaining a navi-Canal. gable Canal, from the City of Coventry, to communicate, upon Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, With aCanal now making between the Rivers Trent and MerJ'ey, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Town of in the County of

Warwick, was referred; Th?ft the Committee had considered the said Petition, atul had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and fov/nd the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been infonned of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His (ionfent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think lit.

Ditto. A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have already made great Progress, and are proceeding to complete with all the Expedition so extensive an Undertaking will allow, and taking Notice ,of the said Bill; and alledging, that if a navigable Canal should be made from the said City of Coventry, as laid down in a Plan published by Mr. Brindley, to join the Canal, now completing by the Petitioners as aforesaid, such Junction will be very advantageous to the several Towns and Places near or through which the same is proposed to be made, and of the greatest National Benefit: And therefore praying the house to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the said Bill may pat’s into a Law, agreeable to the proposed Plan.

Then the Amendments made by the Committee, so the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amend-'nients to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for erecting a Crane near Tamworth.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Canal shall be made within 200 Yards of Bow-bridge, in the Borough of Tamworth.

And the said Clause was Once read;

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second. Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Proprietors shall not bo restrained from making the Canal through Gardens or Parks, made lince a certain Day.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause h as offered to be added to the Bill,: directing the Courts of the Canal through the Lauds of Mr. Damet.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Course of the Canal through the Lands of Mr. Baxter.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Course of the Canal through the Lauds of Lord Robert Bertie.

And the said Clause was Tu ice read; and, upon the Quest ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Course of the Canal through the Lands of Mrs. Strafford.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Course of the Canal through the Lands of Mr. Repington.

Aud the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the house, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing how inferior Offences shall be punished.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Jennings be added to the Gen-' KiWi tlemen, who are appointed to prepare and bring in a b'amt Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Thomas Kilborn, Gentleman.

Mr. Jennings presented to the House, according to Eta Order, a Bill to enable Thomas Kilborn, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Burrowes, pursuant to the Will of John Burrowes, deceased: And the same was received; and read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do make the Report from Sup#, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Janie were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Seventy-fe-ven thousand Nine hundred and Fifty-four Pounds be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1768.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trust reposed ip them by Parliament.

The said Resolutions being fevergjly read a Second

Tinwi

8 Geo. III. ai° Decembrls. — i\ Januarii.

493

Salted Pro vi Go ns.

High Price of

ProvisioDS.

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from for a limited Time,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejoiced JYhoX the Bill be committed to aCommittee of tl»e whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tkurfay the 14th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Hay being read;

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee of the

whole House, to whom it wps referred to consider of the present Price of Provisioni,' the Kefolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, be admitted, for a limited Time, free of Duty,

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue and amend an A cl, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said llefolution.

East India The House being informed, that Mr. Warren, Ac-1 Company, comptant to the United Companyof Merchants trading to the East Indies attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the East India Company’s Affairs, made up the 30th June: And also,

A State of the Debts of the East India Company in .£wg7a7id,distinguishing the Time at which each Article will become payable, according to the usual Practice of Payments by the Company for such Articles, or according to the subsisting Agreements with the several Creditors, or the Delay of Payments consented to by those Creditors; and also how long each Article respectively has been owing by the Company: And also,

An Account of the Credits of the East India Company, consisting of Cacti and Goods for Sale now in

England, distingnishing the Times at which the several Goods now in the Company’s Warehouses for Sale will be fold, according to the usual Course of Sales of the said Company, together with an Account of the Sums of Money they will produce at each Sale respectively, according to the Medium Prices for which such Goods have been fold since 10th of May last, and the Times when such Sums of Money will be payable.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read. Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till ThursdayThree Weeks, the 14th Day of January next, Nine yf the Clock in the Morning

Jovisy 14* die 'Januarii;

Anno 8" Georgii IIP’1 Regis, 1768.

Vm. 31.

Prayers. \

A BILL to-, enable Thomas Kilborn, and his I (Tue

Male, to take and use the Surname of Burrotoes, Kilborn't pursuant to the Will of John Burrow deceased, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Grey,

Mr. Darker, Mr. Melli/h, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr.

re an, Mr. PreJ'cott, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Toionjhend, Mr.

Grey, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Knight, Mr. Byde,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Edmonfione, Sir John Gibbons, blr.Patcrfon, Sir Edward

Hardy, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Parker,

Mr. Burke, Mr. Vane, Mr. Wefi, Mr. Reynold'!, Mr.

Lafcelles;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Stafford, Derby, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and Abingdon other substantul Inhabitants of the said County and *c* Borough, was presented to the House, and read; Set- °* ‘ ting forth, That the Road from the Mayor’s Stone, at the End of the Boar Street, in the said Borough of Abingdon, through Cumner, to the ancient Horse Road at Swinford,in the said County, and from Cumner, to

a Ferry over the lliver Ijis, at Radiokc Hythe, in the same County, is in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places. narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given for bringing in a Bill for repairing, widening, and amending the said Roads, or such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Morton, Sir John Sebright,

Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Dundas, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr.

Ijifcelles, Mr. llvjfey, Mr. Byde, Mr. , Mr.

Sandy.s, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir Edward Baynlun, Colonel Barre, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Upton,

Mr. Vane, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Craven, Mr.

Mr. Jennings, Mr. Meth/h, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Paterson,

Mr. Bootle, Mr. Dmvdefoell, Mr. Fitzherbert; and all the Members w ho serve for the Counties of Oxford,

Berks, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names ar§ Worcelfcr thereunto subscribed, reftding near to, and travelling Road*, the Roads therein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is brought in to continue the Terms, and enlarge the Powers of several Acts, for repairing the Roads from the City of Wtrrcester, through Droitwich, to Bromsgrove, and other Roads therein mentioned; and reprpfenting to the House, that a certain Way, or Common Road, leading from The Fore Gate, in the City of Worcester, through Gardener’s Lane, and from thence, on ^he North Side of the Town Di{ch, to Saint Clement’s Gale,in the saidCitv, and there communicating with the Road leading from the Tyttyng ,of Whi/lon, through Salt Lane, to the said Gate, is very ruinous, and canuotbe amended by the common Duty of the Inhabitants: And therefore praying. That the Term and Powers of the said Acts, and of the said. Bill,

6K

494 140 JannaA. 1768.

may be Continued, extended, and enlarged, to the repairing of the said Road, from Fore Gate, through Gardener's Lane, to Saint Clement's Gate aforesaid, in

inch Manner as to the Houre shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Knight, Mr.il lyddelton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Dundas, Lord Grey, Sir John Sebright, Sir William Beauchamp ProElor,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Tmonjhend, Mr. Mr. Jennings,

Mr. Staunton, Mr. Paterson Mr. Mr. reau, Mr. Campbell, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Conway, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Bootle, Sir

William Codrington, Lord Beauchamp, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Burke, Mr. Attorney General, Sir William Baker, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Ridleys and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hereford, Salop, Gloucefta*, and: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Worcdlet A Bill to continue the Terms, and enlarge the Roads. Powers, of several Acts, of the Twelfth of Queen

the Twelfth of King George the First, and the Twenty-second of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Worcester, through to Bromsgrove,

and other Roads therein mentioned; and to repeal an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads lying in and leading from wich aforesaid; and for amending the several Roads which were directed to be repaired by the said Act; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys, Mr. Foley, Lord Grey, Sir John Sebright, Mr. Calvert, M r. Dowdefoell, Mr RufhouMr. Fuller, Mr. Jennings,

Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Knight, Mr. Paterson, Mr. , Mr. Campbell, Sir William Beauchamp ProClor, Mr.

Myddelton, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Martin,

Mr. Lascelles, Lord Beauchamp, Sir Edward Biryntun,

Sir John Gybbons, Mr. Prescott, Sir William Baker, Mr. Crofts, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Darker, Mr. Mr.

Milles, Lord Catherlough, Sir Grantand all

the Members who serve for the Counties o Salop, Warwick, Hereford, and: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Maid Hone Ordered, That Mr. Knight be added to the Gentle-

Rwd». men, who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of hiis late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone, at the upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a certain Place, called Tubb’s Lake,-in. the Parish of Cranbrooke, in the said County.

Jedburgh A Petition of several Persons, living near and usually Ac. travelling through the Roads in the said Petition'men-Roadt. tioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road from the Red Swyre, upon the Mid Border betwixt England and Scotland', ‘through the Burgh of Jedburgh to Ancram Bridge, by Two different Branches, One by Rink

foord, and the Bridge of at the Town Foot,

and another by Southdeankirk Abbotrule, and the Totyn Head of Jedburgh, and from Ancram Bridge, by Neio-tovn, to the River Tweed, betwixt the Foot oPGala and the FoOt of Leider, and from thence to the Confines of the County of Selkirk, near the ' Bridge OveV 'Gala Water,near Galafhiels, arid-to the Road'leading 'from Kelfoto Lauder, near Nether and the

Road from the Bridge over Tioded, to 'bethereafter

mentioned, to the Town of Melrofe, and from thence to or near the Village of Eildon, and the Road from the Red Swyre aforesaid, to the Town of Hawick, and from the West End of that Town by Denholm and Grading, to the High Road, leading from the Town of Kelso, by Maxioelheugh, to the East Border, are in a ruinous Condition, in many Places too narrow, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the River Tioeed is often dangerous and impastable for Travellers; and the aforesaid Roads will be incomplete, nnlefs there is a Bridge upon the said River, situated at some Place betwixt the Foot of Gala, and the Foot of Leider aforesaid, where it shall be judged moll expedient for the Road, the erecting and building of which will be attended with considerable Expence:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads, and building said Bridge, by fu^h Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hi all appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Calvert,

Mr. Dundas, Mr. Edmonflone, Mr. Prescott, Sir John Sebright, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Fuller, My. Jennings,

Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Conway, Mr.

Jhend, Mr. Byde, Mr. Lascelles, Sir William Baker, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Brudenell,

Sir Matthew Lamb, Lord Mountjluart, Mr.

Mr. Foley, Mr. Rushout, Sir Charles Hardy, My.Sandys; and all the Members who serve for North Britain, and, for the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, Durham, Lancaftei, and York: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Billfor making and maintaining a navigable Cut, Cmtm or Canal, from the Firth'or River of Forth, at or near

the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton; and also a collateral Cut from the same, to the City of Glasgow; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dundas,

Mr. Ridley, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Myddelton, Sir Matthew Lamb, Mr. Onslow, Sir Laurence Dundas, Colonel Hotham, Mr. Vane, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Elliot,

Mr. Conway, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Mr. Edmonflone, Mr. Prescott, Sir John Mr.

Fitzherbert, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. PUmpire, Mr.

Knight, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Sulivan, Mr.

White, Mr. Go.re, Lord CatheHoygh, Sir William Beauchamp ProSor, Mr- Byde, My. Marlin, My. Parker,

Mr; Bindley, Mr. Tucker, Sir Sebright; and all

the Members who serve for North Britain, and for the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Durham, Lane after, and York:And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber.

A Petition of Thomas Erie Dr ax, Esquire, Lord of Mordn

the Manor of Morden, in the County of Dorjfet, lncl®fuit

Beckett, Clerk, Samuel Clark, William Filliler, George Filliter,’ George Strickland, Thomas Baker, Anthony Trew, William Cribb, Robert Lovell, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having a Right -upon, ,<r ptberwife interfiled in, certain Commons, Common Heath, and Waste Grounds, lying within , the said Manor, was presented to the House, and :read; Setting forth. That the said Commons,- Common Heath, andy Waste Grounds, in their present Situation, yield but little Profit to the Petitioners; and therefore they, and others, have eiitered into Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the fame: And therefore praying. That Leave

may

vj

8 Geo. III. 14 Jdtiucuf495

may be given to bring in a Bill to confirm and establish such Articles of Agreement, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Calcraft, and Mr. Lc.J'celdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

le Bone A Petition of the several Gentlemen and other Inha-Streets, kc. b;tants Qf (|,e Parilli of Saint Mary le in the County of MiddLjex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill lor repealing an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and cjeanling, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the HiglnvaysandCaufeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parilli of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better Maintenance of the Poor, regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadies, cleansing,enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lancs, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways within the said Parilli; and that there has been some Years passed an Hospital used and established in Quebec Street, in the said Parilli, commonly called 7 iie General Lying-in where divers

Children, as well illegitimate as legitimate, have been,' and are annually born; which illegitimate Children are by their Birth Parishkmers of the said Parilli, whereby great Charges and Inconveniences have happened, and mult happen, to the said Parish, if not speedily and effectually relieved: And therefore praying. That such Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Relief of the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and Itate to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Byde, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Fidler, Mr. Knight, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Mr. Burke,

Mr. Toion/hend, Mr. Mor, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Fonnereau,

Mr. West, Mr. Parker, Sir Matthew Lamb, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Bradjhaiv, Mr. Darker, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Upton, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Foley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Hertford, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bath Ordered, That Sir John Sebright do make the Report Theatre, from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse, in the City of Bath, W’as committed.

Sir John Sebright accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had di-rested to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Maidstone Mr. Knight presented to the House, according to Roads. Order, a Bill to enlarge- the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year. of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the iRoad.leading fr9in the Thirtymine Mile Stone, at thd upper‘End of Vot. 31.

Stone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a certain Place called Tubb's Lake, in the Parish of Cranbrooke in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Inhabitant s of the Parish of St. Shoreditch Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, was Ro«ds. presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by aPetition presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the better paving several Streets and Lanes within the said Parilli, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, it is proposed, that an additional Tax of Sixpence in the Pound should be raised upon the Inhabitants of the said Streets; and that a Toll should be laid on all Horses and Carriages used for Pleasure, passing through the Turnpikes at Kingsland, Hackney, and Bethnal Green, for the Purposes in the said Petition mentioned; and that these Petitioners are sensible the completing the several Purposes intended by the said Petition, would be a great Advantage to the said Parish, and to the Public in general; and representing to the House, that an additional Rate of Sixpence in the Pound would be inadequate, and the proposed Toll would be a Burthen upon several Persons, who would not receive any Benefit from the better paving of the said Streets; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that if a Tax, not exceeding Nine Pence in the Pound, were raised on the said Inhabitants, and a small 'l oll imposed upon all Horses pa fling through Holy Well Street, the Purposes intended by the said Petition might be completed in It more just and equitable Way: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the High Streets, called Holy Well Street, Church End, and Part of Kingsland Road, in the Parilli of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, leading from Norton Falgate, to The Cherry Tree, in Kingsland Road, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered That Leave be given to move the House Private Tomorrow, to proceed upon any private Business after Business. Two of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Coventry Navigable Canal, from the City of , to com- to

municate, upon Frailey Heath, in the County of rra^,^ith Stafford, with a Canal now making between the Rivers Trent and Mersey, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making dnd maintaining a Navigable Canal, fropi thoCity of Coventry,to communicate, upon

Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, with a Canal now making between the Rivers Trent and Mersey.

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

1 ' ’ ' 1

Mr. Edmonstone reported from the Committee, to pau]>,

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Naim.

Act -to enable Judith Paul, and her IlTue, to use and -take the Name of Saint Paul, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Coramittee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, with-. out any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

1 And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ojrdered, That Mr. Edmonstone do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath ‘ Agreed <to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition

496

14° Janu.

A. 1768.

Glasgow

Exchange,

<EC.

Clackmannan

Roads.

Hotham

Inclosure.

A Petition of the Magistrates and City Council of Glasgow, on behalf of themselves and the Community of the said City, was presented to the House, and read-. Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, at a very considerable Expence, erected a new Church there, called Saint Andrew's Church -, and it is necessary there (houhl not only be a proper and commodious Passage to the said Church, from, the Street called the Salt Mercat , but also, that the Area or Church Yard of the said Church should be free and open; and the Petitioners have also, at a considerable Expence, built a Town Hall near the Cross of Glasgow; and it would be of great Advantage to the said City, to have, near the said Town Hall, an Exchange for the Use and Resort of Merchants and other Men of Hufinefe, for which Purpose the Petitioners have purchased several old Houses and Areas, but not suficient for building the Arid Exchange; and taking Notice of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for improving

the Manor, and also Impropriator of all the Tythes of East Ay ton, in the Parilli of Seain the Nortli Riding of the County of York, and also Owner of Nine Parts in Ten of the Field, Land, Sykes, Ox Pasture, and lugs, and of Five Parts in Seven of the Messuages, Cottages, Scites of Messuages and Cottages, within the Township of East Ay ton aforesaid; and also the humble Petition of the several other Persons whoseNames are subscribed. Owners of, or otherwise interested in any Messuages or Cottages, or Scites of Messuages or Cottages therein, and also Owners of I^andsand Grounds within the said Town-fltip; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Township, there are several Open and Uninclosed Commons, Commonable and Waste Grounds, and also several Open and Uninclosed Parcels of Land, Arable, Meadow, and Pallure Ground, called East Field, West Field, Tongues Deep, Dale End, Low Field, and Fran Hills, Sikes, Ox Ings,

The Banks and Fulling Mill, Garth, High Common and the Navigation of the Clyde to the City of Glasgow s and Low Common, containing by Estimation, 1337 Acres, ior building a llridge across the said River, from the said or thereabouts, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and, City, to the Village of Gorbals; and alledging, that the in their present Situation, are not capable of any Im-

Payment of the Tolls, for Pafl’age of the said Bridge, cannot be properly secured, unless the Fords of the River, near the Place where the Bridge is to be built, shall be flopped up, or destroyed, for which the said Act makes 110 sufficient Provision: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and widening a Pafl’age, or Street, from the said Salt Mercat Street, to the said Church, called Saint Andrew's Church; and for enlarging and completing the said Church Yard> and for making and building a convenient Exchange in the said City; and for explaining and amending the said Act of the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, in such Way and Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Edmonstone, Sir Matthew Lamb, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Dundas, Sir Edward

provement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Division and Inclosure of the several Lands and Grounds above-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regula-lations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lascelles and Mr. Raby Vane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgefles of the Borough of Leeds, in the County of York, was pre- of

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, for Provijj(*i J upwards of Eighteen Months last past, the Demand for Broad Woollen Cloths, Stuffs, and other Woollen Goods, fabricated in those Parts, hath decreased to such adegree, that Numbers of poor Manufacturers have been out of Employ during a great. Part of such Time, and, by rea-fonof such Stagnation of Trade, and the very high Price of all Kinds of Provisions, are reduced to very great Ne-ceflities, and have been aftlifted with Fevers and other

Iff"- Mr- rd!A^faT dangerous Distempers.occas.oned, as it is apprehended,

N,' yfrm,r Z' rtf' by the Meannefe and Impropriety of their Focw; and that S,r W, U,am Coinage, Sir WiUamhDynariMr. t^e rcd,ei,s the Price of Cim aid other Provisions to a Morton, Sir CharUsHardy, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Bradshaw,reasonabieprice> and theencouragmgtheGrowth, and

Ur.Upton Mr. Whalch, MrSalwan, Mr. Comoay. preventjag the Exportation, of w5ol, as the Petitions Mr Pkmptrc, and all the Membem who serve for JL)reheBJ Wo..ld most effectually tend to the Riviral Norm Bntam :And they are to meet this Afternoon 0ftbeTrade of those Part and R^ftabli(hn.ent of the

atF.ve of the Clock, in the Speakers Ctadberj and Hea|th f ,he laborious Poor. And therefore

have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records. the House take the Premises into Consideration; and

Ordered, That Mr Dandas be added to, be Gen., gjfe S

men, who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill fta|l seem meet £nd expedient, for repairing and w.demng several Roads in the mt he be referr(,d to ,he

Connt.es of Clackmannan, Perl/, and Surling. Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- whom it is referred to eonlider further of the several mon Fields, Meadows, and Failures, within the Town- Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to ship of Hotham, in the East Riding of the County of Corn and Provisions.

r^ru f Cr"h k f vr 7r> A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands

Rffihcd Jhat the B.U be eomnntted to Mr. Darnel and Tenements> within the Mallor ^d Xowllship of

LaficV.es, Mr Ponnmau, Mr. Mr. Witter, in the West Riding of the County of Fori, was

Mr Tawnjtend,i,rmU,am Maynard, MrJandyr, Mr, fented to the House |,d read forth, that

Fuller, Mr. Vane, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Montagu, Mr. P within the fai^ Manor pour Iar^ Common

M

InduSw

East

Ayton

ladofure.

Jennings, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Byde, Mr. Burke, Mr. Bradshaw, Sir Charles Hardy, General Honeywood, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Meynell, Mr. Darker, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Charles Mot daunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sidivan, Mr. White, Mr. Go anti all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Weflmorland, And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Moll noble Thomas Duke of

Open Fields, called The Near West Field, The Far Field, Die South Field, and Field, and a large

Stinted Pasture, called Hook Pasture, and also a considerable Tract of Moor or Waste Ground, called Hook Moots and that the said Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, and Waste Ground, contain together about 1000 Acres, which might be greatly improved if the same were pro- perly divided, flatted, and incJofed; and that many of the Petitioners have Lands within the said Manor, adjoining upon the River Owzes and that, by reason of

Knight of the Moll noble Order of the Garter, Lord of the High Tides and strong Current of the said Rivet,

the

8 Geo. III. 14 Januarii. 497

the Petitioners are exposed to great Losses and sudden Inundations, when there is any Defect of Repair in the Banks and Staiths of the said River: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Open Fields, Stinted Pashire, anil Walie Grounds; and that Provision may be made in the said Bill for more effectually enforcing and securing the Reparation of the Banks and Staiths of the River so far as the same lie within the Manor of Hook.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Thrate, Mr.

Knight, Mr. Fuller, Sir Joseph Mai: bey, Mr.

Mr. Ryder, Sir John Sebright, Mr. Mr.

Jhend, Mr. Dun da s', Mr. Mr. Fonncreatr,

Mr. Vane, Mr. Calvert, Sir Lionel Mr.

Fifzherbert, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Hexed Mr. Mr. Morton, Mr. I In (/'ey, Mr. and all the Mem-

bers who serve for the Counties of York,

Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, and And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Perl’ons, Papers, and Records.

Huddersfield, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, S'c. principal Tradesmen, and others, residing in or near the Road. several Towns of Huddersfield, Lockwood, Almondbury, South Crojland, Henley, Netherthongue,

Auftonley, and Holm, in the West Riding of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in case the Highway from Huddersfield aforesaid, towards Chapel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, was made fit for Carriages, several Inconveniences the Ma-naufaeturers in that Country are now subject to would be in a great meal’ure obviated; but that great Part of the said Road lying between Huddersfield aforesaid, to Woodhead, in the County of and thence to a

Bridge over the River Mcalled Bridge,

on the Confines of the said County o is in

many Places so narrow and confined, and in Winter and rainy Seasons so ruinous, as to be extremely dangerous for Passengers, and impalTable for Waggons and other heavy Carriages: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening, epairing, and amending the said Roads from , field to Enterclough Bridge aforesaid, by such Ways

and Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. LafceUes, Mr. Thrale, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Burke, Mr. Upton, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Townshend, Mr Mr. Myddelton, Mr.

Fonncreau, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Mr. Vane,

Mr. Ryder, Mr. Knight, Admiral Mr. Bull,

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Burrell, Miv Sir IAonel

Pilkington, Mr. Conway, Mr. Martin, Mr. Mr.

Paterson, Mr. Dowdejicell, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Westmorland, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, and And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Derby A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Brethren, and Paving, capital Burgesses of the Borough in the County of Derby, in Common Council assembled, and of several of the Freeholders, Owners, and Occupiers of Meflii-ages, Lands, and Tenements within the said Borough, and of other Burgesses of the said Borough, besides the Burgesses before-mentioned, wras presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is within the said Borough a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground, called 1 Vol. 31.

Nun's Green, containing 48 Acres, or thereabouts, on which the Petitioners, the Freeholders, Owners, and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Borough, and Burgesses, have a Right of Common; and that for some Years past many Erections and Incroaehments have been made on the said Green, and many great Breaches and Pits have been made thereon, and vast Quantities of Gravel taken therefrom, some for private and particular Uses, ansi some for the Repairs of sundry Turnpike and other Roads, in which Pits great Quantities of Water stagnate, and become offensive and detrimental to the Health of the Inhabitants, lo that it is highly expedient that a flop should be put to such Proceedings; and that the said Borough is become very populous, and there is great Want of more I Ioules for the Inhabitants residing the rein; and that, if Power was veiled in Trustees to fell some Part of the said Green, for the Purposes of erecting Houses thereon, and so much of the Money arising from the Sale as shall be necessary, laid out in improving and prel’erving the remaining Part of the said Green, and in removing and preventing all Incroaehments and Nuisances thereon for the future, and the Part remaining unfold was a Stinted Common; and if the Overplus Money was applied for better lighting and paving the public Streets within the said Borough, it wrould be of great Utility to the Petitioners having Right of Common on the said Green, and to all the Inhabitants residing within the said Borough: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to preserveand exempt the said Green from having any Gravel, or other Materials, got, taken, or carried away, for the repairing any Roads, or Purposes therein before set forth; and for vesting that Part of the said Green which extends from the late Dwelling House of Gilbert Che/hire, Esquire, to the now Dwelling House of Mr. George Manyfold, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes of erecting Dwelling Houses; and applying so much of the Money arising from the Sale, as shall be nccellary, in improving and preserving the remaining Part of the said Green, as a Stinted Common, for the Benefit of those who have a Right of Common thereon; and in removing and preventing all Incroaehments and Nuisances; and in applying the Overplus Money arising from such Sale for better lighting and paving the public Streets, within the said Borough.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. FitzhcrMr. Burrell, Mr. Bull, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Vane, Mr. Knight, Mr.

Montagu, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Toion/hen Mr. Plump/re,

Mr. Morton, Mr. Campbell, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. JIufey, Mr. Thrale, Mr. Burke, Mr. Upton,

Mr. Calvert, Mr. Conway, Mr. PatcrJbn, Mr. Knight,

Mr. Bindley, Sir John Sebright, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby,

Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Dundas presented to the House, according to c,jrpmi?nan Order, a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, 03

in the Counties of Clackmannan, Perth, and Stirling And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, assembled at Hertford the General Quarter Session of the Peace for the County Shire House. of Hertford,andoffeveral Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the said County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Shire House of the said County, situate in the Market Place, in the Town of Her ford, in the said County, in which the Assizes ai*d 6 L General

498

14° Jatim.

A. 1768.

General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said the same was divided and inclosed, and allotted amongst County are holden, and other public Business of the said the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, according County trail f'acted, is a very ancient Building, and great- to their respective Interests, it would be a great Im-ly decayed, and is also too small, and otherwise incon- provement of the Petitioners Estates: And therefore venient for the transacting the public Business of the praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill said County, and that it is necessary that it should be for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common-taken down, and that a new Shire House should be able Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall built on a large Plan in the said Market Place, for the seem meet.

Use of the said County; and for accomplishing the fame, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, it is proposed to purchase several Messuages, Sheds, or pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Shambles, handing in the said Market Place, near the Mr. , Mr. and Mr. Lowndes, do pre-

i'aid Old Shire House: And therefore praying, That pare, and bring in, the fame.

Jenner’*

Name.

I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and with such Powers, and under such Provisions and Regulations, as to the Iloul'e thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Brand, Mr. Calvert, Admiral Keppel, Mr. Cafwall, Sir Matthew Mr Prescott, Sir Laurence Dundas, Sir Baker,

Sir John Sebright, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Monfov, Mr. Montagu, The Lord Advocate of Scotland, Lord Adam Gordon, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr.

Plummer, Mr. Hume, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Yor/ce, Mr. White, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Dow Colonel Evelyn, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Upton, Mr, Walsingham, Mr. Burke, Mr. Sir

rington, Mr. Cujl; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, r, Bucks,

Cambridge, and Bedford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Jane Jenner, Mother of Thomas Jenner,

A Petition of divers Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements, within the several Parishes of Leeds,

S Valence, Ulcomb, East Sutton, and several other Parishes, lying contiguous or near to a High Road, leading from the before-mentioned Parishes to the d own of in the County of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of King George the Second, for amending the Road from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone, at the Upper End of Stone Street, in the said Town of -fione, to Tubb's Lake, a Turnpike Gate has been erected between the said Thirty-nine Mile Stone and Sutton and that the Petitioners perceive, by the Votes of the House, that Leave hath been given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the derm and Powers of the before-mentioned Act; and that the Petitioners are appre-henfive that the main Object of such intended Bill is to increase the d olls by the said Act allowed to be taken; and th&t the Whole of the Road comprised within the said Act is Fifteen Miles and upwards in Extent, and great Part of it leads through a very deep Soil, and consequently cannot be repaired without great Expence; but such Part thereof as lies between Sutton Lane aforesaid, and the said d own of Maidstone, being

T . r - ,r , . , c . in Extent Haifa Mile or thereabouts, is naturally a

all'Infant, was presented to the House and read; Set- d |( d d b| of , and k , in

ting forth lhat Georg' Worgclate of Bottle lie order by he Juary ProvisioS/of Laws and tilt if,

ra':4e r, X VS 2 under the said intended Bill, Powers shall be given to dated he I wenty-tath Day ot Janmn,1 Onethoufa d , a lcl. Xolls at tlleGate hefereenentioned the Seven hundred and I Sixty-five, gave and dev,fed alIns aW)1.ehend ie wiU highly ^judicial

Freehold and Copyhold Lands I momenta, and Here- nnd In,al)lfallts pjme,8 i, their

ditaments, in the Parishes of Battle and Bexhill in the

Maid (lone RoLd.

County of Suffer, and all other his Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and real Estate, whatsoever and wheresoever, to the said Thomas Jenner, for Life, with divers Remainders over; and in the said Will is contained a Proviso, that the said Thomas Jenner, and all and every Person and Persons who, by virtue of l he Limitations therein contained, shall become possell-ed of the said Estates, thall change and alter his and her Surname to the N: your to obtain an and that the Petitione.

Will, is desirous that the said Thomas Jenner should take and use the Surname of Worge only, by the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the said Thomas Jenner and his lfl’ue to take and use the Surname of Worge only, pursuant to the Will of the said George Worge, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

them and the several Inhabitants and Farmers in their Neighbourhood: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may assess their Property and Interest.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the thirty-third Vear of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the amending,

Parish of Cranbrooke, in the said County, be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right honourable Broicnlow EarL M«a

Inclosure.

Wauohton on the Green Indoiure.

of Exeter, Lord of the Manor of Morton, in the County of Lincoln, and the humble Petition of the Revereud John Heiothwaite, Vicar of the Parish of aforesaid, T/ieop/n7w.BMcA:r('or//i, and Esquires,

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Thomas and John Hyde, Gentlemen, and others,

Mr. Vidler, and Mr. Paterson do prepare, and bring Proprietors of Lands within the said Parish of Morton, in, the fame. whose Names are thereunder subscribed, was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, A Petition of Thomas Trontbeck, Clerk, Lord of the in the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, and Manor of Woughton on the Green, iii the County of Meadow Grounds, and also a certain Common Fen, Bucks, and Patron and ltector of the Parish of Woughton belonging to the said Parish, which contain together on the (r reenaforesaid, and of several others, Owners and 4,400 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands of the Proprietors of the Commonable Lands ly ing within the Proprietors in the said Open Fields and Meadows lie in-said Parilli, was presented to the House and read; Set- termixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their ting forth, That the iaid Lands and Grounds lie open present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Inland dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are in- provement, and that the mid Common Fen, bein" fre-capable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if questly overflowed with Water, yields but little Profit H to

Accounts; Wheat.

Marine

Forces.

Accounts; East India Company.

8 Geo. III. 140 — 15

to those who have Right of Common thereon; but if the said Fen was embanked and drained, and the fame, together with the said Fields, and Meadows, were divided, inclosed, and allotted unto and amongst the Proprietors, in proportion to their respective Interests therein, the same might be improved to the great -Advantage of all the said Proprietors: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House may think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Torcnjhend,

Mr. Upton Mr. Ryder, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Cujt, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Matthew Lamb, Admiral Keppel, Colonel Honeywood, Mr. Myddelton, out, Mr. Plummer, Colonel Hot hum, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Dundas, Mr Prescott, Mr. Knight, Sir Gilbert Elliot,

Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Morton, Mr CalvertMr.Aitfrere, Lord

Brozcnlow Bertie, Mr. Staunton, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Martin, Mr. Calcraft; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Northampton, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The I louse being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Wheat, and Wheat-flour, and other Species of Grain and Pulse, imported into England, from any Part of Europe or Africa, from 5th Day of January 1767 to the 10th of October following, which is as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the several Places from whence the same were imported: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Wheat, and Wheat-flour, imported into England, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America,from the 5th Day of January

1767 to the 10th of October following, which is as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Colonies from whence the same were imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while onShore: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Oldmixon, from the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order.

Account of Merchandize in the United East India Company’s Warehouses in India, with an Account of their Cacti, and Debts due to them, as by the last Advices.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read;

Vol. 31.

’ Januarii. 499

The House resolved itself into a Conimitteeof the Salted whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend an PrOTlfion Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time.

Mr Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pat erf on took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 150 die 'Januarii;

Anno 8® Georgii III"* Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

THE House being moved, in pursuance of the Private Order of Yellerday, That Leave be given to Business. move the House, this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House, this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

A Petition of John Richardson, Gentleman, Lord of Attcrby, the Manor of Snitlerby, the Reverend Robert Carter, tcc. Rector of Waddingham cum Snitterby, John Boioman, Indofjre. Esquire, Frances Purver, Widow, Edward Esquire, Charles IVigelfivorth, Charles Aijtroppe, and others. Proprietors of Lands, and otherwise interested in the Open and uninclosed Arable Fields, Common Pastures, Carrs, and Waste Grounds, or other Open and Common Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Atterby, in the Parish of Bishop Norton, in the County of Lincoln, and within the Township of Snitterby and Waddingham, in the Parish of Waddingham,

in the same County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the several Properties of the respective Owners of the said Fields, Lands, Carrs, and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of much Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, subject to such Regulations as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hewett, Mr. Fitzherbert, Lord Brownloio Bertie, and Mr JVhichcot,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Bamber Gascoyne, Esquire, Lord of the Waver* ree Manor of Waverlree, in the Parish of Childwall, and Inclosure. County Palatine of Lancaster, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being respectively Copyholders, or Customary Tenants, of Messuages and Lands, in Waverlree aforesaid, and near the Town of Liverpool, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, there are several large and considerable Parcels of Commons, or Waste Lands, commonly called Waverlree Common, and Waverlree Mojs, in the Manor and Town ship of Wiavertree aforesaid, consisting of 409 Statute Acres, or thereabouts; which, as they now lie Waste, and in Common, are but of finall Advantage, but would, jf inclosed, tend to the Advantage of the several Copyholders

500 15° Januar

holders or customary Tenants, interested therein, and Salop and Hereford; and for the Principality of Wales; to the public Benefit: And tlrerefore praying, That And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power,to' several Commons, or Moss and Waste Lands, within fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Waver tree aforesaid, and dividing the same amongil the Lord and the several respective Copyholders, or Cuito- A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Magor, rnary Tenants, interested or entitled to any Right or Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the &c. Rights to the said Commons, within the said Manor. Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in-Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ti tilled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Village pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that of Magor, to the Bridge Foot, in the Town of,

the Lord Strange and Mr. Dyfon do prepare, and in the County of Monmouth, and other Roads, in the bring in, the fame. Counties of Monmouth and Glouceficranil also of several Gentlemen, and others, of the Counties of Mon-Littleovtr A Petition of the Right honourable Nathaniel Lord mouth and Gloucester,whose Names are thereunto fub-Inclosure. Scarf dale, and the humble petition of Sir Edward Wil-feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting mot. Baronet, Lords of the Manor, and Proprietors of forth, That the Petitioners the Trullees have proceeded Lands, in Littleover, in the Parish of Mick leaver,in in the Execution of the said Act, have made a great the County of Derby, and the humble Petition of Sir Progress in repairing the said Roads, and have borrowed Henry Harpur, Baronet, and others, Freeholders of the a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the

Township of Littleover aforesaid, was presented to the Tolls; but find the said Roads cannot be effectually House, and read: Setting forth. That there arc, in the repaired and widened, and the Money borrowed bere-said Township, or Liberty, certain Commons, Waste paid, unless the Term granted by the said Act be fur-(>rounds, Common Meadows, Common Paliures, and ther continued, and the Powers thereof altered and en-Common Fields, called Littleover Common, The Ouffen larged; and that the High Roads leading from Heath, The Fowbrook Bushes, The Great Brook, The Netc ton, over Common, to New Church, and

Glide, The Moonvay, The Oiclers, The Sunny Hill Field, over Kilgooroog Common, to Devaudon Green; and from The Brook Field, The Hills, The Fowbrook.Fields, The Newport, through Bqffalegg, by Punthrwgock, to Romney Henno Field, The Blagraves, The Hillocks, and The Bridge, and from Crick, through Shire Newton, over Hell Meadows, containing together in the Whole 1200 to and to the Turnpike

Acres, or thereabouts; which, if divided and inclosed, Road at and from Newport, by

would greatly improve the Estates of the Petitioners: by along through the

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to Town of and through the Village of

bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Com- in the Parish of Chrijf. Church, and along the New Road, mons, Walle Grounds, Common Meadows, Common through the Land of Charles Van, Esquire, leading from Paliures, anil Common Fields, in such Manner as to towards and from the Turnpike Road

the House shall seem meet. at in the Parish of Langston,to

Ordered, That Ix>ave be given to bring in a Bill, nant, in the Parish of Inferior, through the Land

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that of Allen Lord, Esquire; and from The Four Ash Gate,

Mr. Fitslierberf, Mr. IJexvett, and Mr. Curzon,do by by the Alms l loufes at Coadcunnog, by

prepare, and bring in, the fame. by Wood, to Earlejicood; and from

Alms House, by the Baylier,to Earlejiooood;

Bishop’s A Pet ition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and from through the Parish of Tre-

Castle anf| others, refilling in or near the Town of Bishops dunnock over New Bridge, by the to a Place °*t1, Castle, in the County of Salop, and the low 11 of Knigh- called The Great Farm, on the Road leading up

ton,in the County of Badnor, whose Names are there- in the Parish of all in the County

unto subscrihcil, was presented to the House, and read; of Monmouth aforesaid, are in a ruinous condition, nar-Setting forth, That the several High Roads leading from row in fume Places, and incommodious to Passengers,

Bishops Castle, over Lydliam'sHeath, through Norbury and cannot be effectually repaired and widened, without and Castle Pulverbatch, to the present Turnpike Road at the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That

Jxtngdcu, in the County of Salop, and from Bishops Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue and Castle, by The Red House and Basford's Gate,;to that render more elleetual the said Act; and for repairing Part of the Long Lane Road, in the Parish or Chapelry and widening the said last mentioned Roads, in such of Hanford,adjoining to the WatlingStreet Road, and Manner as to the House shall seem meet,

from Bishops Castle,through Clint, to Knighton,arc very Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

ruinous and dangerous, anil in tome Parts narrow and Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, and mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it kept in Repair, by the ordinary Courlc of Law: And shall appear to them, to the House: therefore praying, That I^eave may be given to bring And it is referred to the Lord Mayor of Mr.

in a Bill for amending, widening, and repairing the said LaJ'celles, Mr. Morgan, Sir William Meredith, General Roads, or that the Petitioners may have such other Re- General Irwin, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

lief in the Premises, as to the I Ioule shall seem meet. Waljh, Mr. Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Montagu,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Lord Clive, Mr. Ci/Jt, Mr Mr. Mr.

Considerat ion of a Committee: And that they do ex- Whately, Mr. , Mr. Byde, Mr. Calcraft, Sir

amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it William Codringtun, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Stephens, Sir shall appear to them, to the House: Mr. Pringle, Dr. Hay, Lord

Anil it is referred to Mr. Clive, Mr. Wa/fli, Lord Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Clive, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Fdmon/lone, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Sir William Beauchamp ProSlor, the Lord Advocate of

Bydc, Mr. i'e/i«ireo«, GeneraU’Coui7, the Lord Mayor Scotland, Mr. White, Sir Alexander Grant; and all the of London, Sir Charles Bunbun/, Mr. West, Mr. Hayes, Members who serve for the Counties of

Mr. Ttncnjhend, Mr. Fuller, General Irwin, Mr. LaJ- Gloucester, and Hereford; and for the Principality of cellos, Mr Bull, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Duncombe, Sir William Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five

Beauchamp Prulor, Mr. Milles, Mr. Coventry, S\rJohn of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Gibbons, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Morton, Sir John Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Dclaval, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Patcrjon, Mr. Fratt,

Colonel Fitzroy, Lord Downe, Mr. Oujlow, Mr. Bertie; Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, ciw tf

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, London

and

York

to

Oulfton

Roads.

8 Geo. 111. *5® Janu

and Commons of (!-.c City of , in Common

Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is followeth; viz.

I» prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, made in the 6th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening the City of ljondnn, and the Liberties thereof; and

preventing ObfrruCtions and Annoyances within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; Was read: And,

William Tufer, F/quire, being examined, said. That the Powers granted by the said Act have, in several Particulars, been found defective, and insufficient for answering the Purposes thereby intended: That if the said Act was repealed, and another Att was made for the several Purposes thereby intended, it would be a great Advantage to the said City.

Which Evidence was confirmed by several Members present at the Committee.

Ordered, 'I’hat Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and for preventing Obltrurtions and Annoyances within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for repealing an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign for those Purposes: And that Sir Robert Ijtidbroke,the Lord Mayor of London, Mr.

Alderman Bedford, Sir Richa and Mr. Pater-Jon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others of the County of York, and of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from the said City, by Mill, over

Suett Carr, to and through Sutton upon the Forest, and Stillington, and from thence by to and

through Grilling, by Oswald , to the Top of

Oficald Church Bank, in the North Riding of the said

County; and also, the Road branching out of the said lait-mentioned Road in Sutton Field, and leading from thence over Rosemary, alias Hill, unto and

through Craike, towards Oulston, as far as the Lordship of Craike doth extend, are much out of Repair, and in some Places too narrow, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner as shall seem.meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Cufi, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Kdmonjione, Mr. Darker, Sir

Lamb, Mr. Lafeelles, Mr. Pra, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fourier cau, Lord Clive, Mr. GaJcoyne, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

Tudzvay, Mr. Paterson, Sir Robert Ladbroke, the Lord Mayor of London, Lord Strange, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Dowdeswell, Colonel Barre, Mr. Sir Francis

Vincent, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Abercromby, Sir George Colebrooke, Admiral Mr. Gray, Mr.

Bejl, Mr. Ridley, Lord George Mr. Upton,

Mr. Pringle, Mr. Ward, Mr. lYood, Sir William Beau-

champ Proctor, Mr. Methuen, Sir Edu ard Bayntun f and all the Members who fen e for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Wejbnorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to lieenfo a Bah Playhouie in the City o I Bath,was read the Third Thtan-f. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty to license a Play-house, in the City of Rath.

Ordered, That Sir John Sebright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dclire their Concurrence.

-A Petition of the Right honourable Sir John Rushout, Karon

Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Ketton, in the County Indofnrs* of Rutland, and a principal Proprietor of Eflatesovithin the said Town and Parish; of the Reverend Nicholas

Fayting, Prebendary of the Prebend of the Cathedral Church of Lincoln, and Rector of the said Parish; and of George Blount, Esquire, and his Wife, Lessees; and of the Reverend Francis Wotlon, and others, Proprietors of Eliates within the said Town and Parish; was presented to the House, arid read; Setting forth, T’liat there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow Grounds, and also a Common Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Places, containing in the Whole Three thousand Acres, or thereabouts; and that the different Properties in the said Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed, and the said Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Places, in their present Condition, yield very little Profit j but the Petitioners apprehend, that if the same were inclosod and divided, it would be very advantageous to all Persons interested therein: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Sandys,* Mr. Coventry, and Mr. Georgt Bridges

Brudenell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pur- Army; suant to their Address to His Majesty, Estimatw,

Lift of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land *c‘ Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1768: And also,

A Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishnient of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the Twenty-fifth December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1768: A.nd also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1768: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half-pay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines for the Y'ear 1768: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows of Officers who died on Half-pay, for the Year 1768.

And the Titles of the said Lifts and Eliimates were read.

The said Lifts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Eliimates are as followeth; viz.

6 M ESTIMATE

503

15* Januarii.

A \ 1768.

ESTI MATE of the Charge of the Oot-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 17681

Per Diem. For 366 Days. f

15,75^ Out-Pensioners handing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at 5 d. per Diem, each ..... - - ] £. s. d. 3*8 5 — C' 120,139 10 —

103 Letter Men, at 12 d.per Diem each 5 3 — 1,884 18 —

31 Serjeants, at 9 d. per Diem each - *. 13 3 425 9 6

*5»®9* £ 334 t 3 122,449 *7 6

From which deduct,

The Shm of Thirteen thousand Five hundred Pounds, which, by EJUmation, may be applicable towards defraying the Expence out of the Poundage of the Forces for the Year 1768 - -- -- - 13.5°°

Remains to be granted upon Account, for the Out-Pensioners of Hospital, for the Year 1768 £. 108,949 17 G

War-Office, 14th January 1768.

Barrington.

- — v ' " ' ' - \ ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half-pay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land

Forces and Marines, for the Year 1768.

Per Diem. For 366 Days.

For reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for 366 Days, from the 25th £ d. £ s. <L

December 1767 to the 24th December 1768, both inclusive 361 16 8 132>43I

For Allowances to Officers of the reduced Horse - 212 8 963 16 —

For the Animal Allowances to g private Gentlemen of the 3* and 4* Troops

of Horse Guards, at £. 10. per Annum each - go

For 62 private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at the

Rate of 7 d. per Diem each - -- -- - 1 16 2 661 17 —

Total - - £ 134,146 13 —

"War-Office, 14th January 1768.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE

Halifax

Streets,

&c.

Selkirk

Road*

8 Geo. III. 15* Jattuarii.

205

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows of Officers} who have died on Half-pay*

for the Year 1768*

Allowances to the Widows, for the Year *768 ' *

War-Office, 14th January 17 65*

Barrington*

i- * d-- J.536-----

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. HeuxIt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual, an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for supplying the Town of Halifax with Water; and for better paving, cleansing and lighting, the Streets and other Places there; and for removing all Nuisances, Incroachments and Obstructions within the said. Town, and preventing the like for the future: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Persons, living near, and usually travelling the Roads in the Counties of Roxburgh and Selkirk, mentioned in the Petition, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads leading from Ilaremofs, in the Coniines of the County of Roxburgh, to the Town of Selkirk, in the County of Selkh'k, and from thence by the Bridge over Tweed, at Fairnilie, to Corjleeburn, on the Coniines of the County of Lothian, and from thence by Torwoodlie, to the Town of Galajhiels, in the said County of Selkirk: and also

the Road leading from the said Bridge at along the North Side of the River Tweed, by Hollylie, in the said County of Selkirk, to the Coniines of the County of Peebles, are in a ruinous Condition, in many Places too narrow; and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads, by such Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Commitee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pringle, Captain Hay, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Dr. Hay, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Onslow, Sir James Lmvther, Mr. Dowdcjivell, Sir William , the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Mr. Paterson,

Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Prefcott, Mr. Plumptre, Admiral Keppel, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Clive, Lord Beauchamp, Sir John Delaval, Mr. Upton, Mr. , Mr.

Wedderburn, General A'Court, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Sarnlys, Mr. Gilbertand all the Members

who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Vol. 31.

Chamber, and have Pdwer td fend for Persons, Tapers* and Records.

A Petition of the Persons Whose Names are thereunder subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others* the Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Chttages, Lands and Tenements, within the several Township* of Sherbum, Lcnnerton, Barkjton, Ash Church,

Little Fenton, and Biggin, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Settingforth, That within the said Township of , are Three Fields,

called Low Field, Mill Field, and North Field, containing by Estimation 1020 Acres, or thereabouts; within the Township of Barkdon Ash, Three Fields, called Ash Green Field, Middle Field, and Steam Field, containing together by Estimation 920 Acres, or thereabouts; with Two Parcels of Meadow Ground, called Near Ing and Far Ing, containing together by Estimation 36 Acres, or thereabouts; and One Stinted Pasture, containing by Estimation 26 Acres, or thereabouts; within the Township of Church Fenton, Three Fields, called Brocklafs Field, Pick Row Field, and Tun Field, containing by Estimation 360 Acres, or thereabouts; within the Town-fltip of Little Fenton, Two Fields, called Little Brocklafs and Sweeming,containing by Estimation 41 Acres,

or thereabouts; and also, that there are large and extensive Commons, or Wafie Grounds, within and belonging to the said several Township* of Sherbum, Len-nerton, Barkjton, Ash, Church Fenton, Little Fenton, and Biggin, commonly called Slier burn Moor, and Biggin Great, containing together by Estimation 2000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that, if the said several Open Fields, Commons, and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to, and vested in, the several Persons i 111©reded therein, the same would be a great Improvement to their Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosing the said several Open Fields, Commons, and Common Grounds, and for exempting the fame, and also the Old Inchv sures, Messuages, Cottages, Frontsteads, and other Lands and Tenements, within the said several Town-ships. and the Inhabitants and Occupiers thereof, of and from all Manner of Great and Small Tithes, Tenths; and other Ecclesiastical Dues (Mortuaries and Surplice Fees only excepted) such adequate Satisfactions or Equivalents being allotted or given in lieu thereof, a* shall be expressed in the said Bill, and for other Purposes in such Bill to be contained.

Ordered, Thut I^ave be given to bring in a Bill, pur.

iuant

Sherbum

lodoliirct

504 150 Jamarii. 1 A. 1768.

galey’s

ame*

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And That Mr. Lascelles and Mr. Ilezvett do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Joseph Baggaley Brad/haw, lately called

Joseph Baggaley, of Holbrook in the County of Derby, Was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Samuel Brad/haw,heretofore of Holbrook, in the County of Derby, but late of in the County of Essex, Clerk, deceased, by his last Will and Testa-inent, bearing Date the Fifteenth Day of June 1761, did give and devise a capital Messuage in Holbrook aforesaid, and all the Rest and Residue of his Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and real Estates, whether Freehold or Copyhold, to Trustees in his Will named, for Two hundred Years, for the Payment of several Annuities in his Will mentioned and subject thereto, to the Petitioner and his Assigns for his Life, with Remainder to Trustees, to preserve the contingent Remainders in his Will limited; and from and after the Petitioner’s Death, he gave the said Premises to the F’irft Son of the Body of the Petitioner lawfully to be begotten, in Tail Male, with Remainder to the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, and all and every other Son and Sons of the Body of the Petitioner successively, in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over, in Default of such Issue, to other Persons in his said Will named; and did thereby will and direct, that all and every the Person and Persons who should enter upon, take, possess, and enjoy the said Premises under and by virtue of the Limitations in his said Will, should take upon himself the Surname of Bradjliaxo, and use the same in the Exe-

cution of all Deeds, Wills, and other Instruments whatsoever; and that the said Samuel Bradshaw died the Fourth of January 1768, and the Petitioner hath ever since taken upon himself the said Name of Bradshaw, according to the said Will, and is desirous that the same may be established and confirmed to the Petitioner, and to his Heirs Male: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Brad/haw, pursuant to the Will of the said Samuel Bradjhazv, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gilbert and Sir Robert Ludbroke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor, and other F.ppeiv,-.* Owners of Land, in the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of Epperstone, in the County of A whose Names are thereunto let, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the I amis of the several Proprietors, in the said Fields, Meadows, and Commons, lie greatly intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and in their present Situation, not capable of any considerable Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor dividing and incloswg the fame, as to the I louse shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ilewelt, Mr. Sandys, and Mr. Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petit ion of Henry Maister, Esquire, Robert Robinfun, Wrlrtfc and others, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, lucUuu. being Owners of Lands and Grounds in and

Weelon, in the Parish of Welicick, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Townships of Welicick and in the said Parish of Welwick, several large Open Common Fields, or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture; Grounds, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, in such Manner as to the House ilia.ll seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Hezvctf, Sir George Savile, and Mr. Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

X

Mr. Vane presented to the House, according to Order SimdnWJ a Bill for enlarging and continuing the Term and tn Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for Repairing the Road from Sunderland,near the Sea, to the City of Durham, in thq County of Durham: And the same was received; and read the Firli Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mofelcy’i A Petition of William Waljh, Esquire, heretofore called

Name- JVilliam Mofeley, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner’s Uncle, William Waljh, Esquire, deceased, did, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the Eighteenth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred, and Fifty-six, give and devise certain Estates therein mentioned, after paying several Debts, Legacies, and Annuities, to Trustees therein named, in Trull for the Petitioner for Life, and the Heirs of his Body, with a Proviso, that whoever should come into Possession of the said Estates, under his said Will, should take upon himself, and uff the Surname of IF;

and did, by his said Will, direct that Application should be made for an Act of Parliament, to establiili the same upon him; and that the Petitioner is come into Post'ession of the said Estates under the said Will, and hath taken upon himself the Surname of and is de-

firous that the Surname and Arms of may be

confirmed upon him and his Issue, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Waljh.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gilbert and Sir Robert Ladbroke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir George Savilepresented to the House, according Mniin^oe

to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Imlofwc. and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, within thcTownship of , in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Sir George Cayley, Baronet, the Revc. Smintn rend John Cayley, Clerk, Richard Cafs, RichardSesfield,

Thomas Smith, Richard Satvdon, and others, whose Names arc thereunto subse ribed, Owners of or otherwise interested in divers Cottages, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Township of Snainton,in the Parishes of Brompton and

in the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the saidTownship, there are several Fields, Lands, and Grounds, called The East Field, The JFef Field, The

Middle Field, The Bottoms, The Ings. The High Commons, The Low Commons, The Carr, and other Names, containing, by Computation 3000 Acres, or thereabouts, which lie open and uninclosed; and that, if a Compensation was made for the Tithes of the said Township, and the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, were divided, and inclosed, and allotted to the Owners, in proportion to their respective Estates and interests, to be by then*

held

North.

Burton

Inclosiirc.

Accounts; East India Company.

8 Geo. III.

held in Severalty, free from all Common Right, the mutual Benefit of all the said Proprietors and Persons interested therein, and also the public Utility, would be promoted thereby: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Eeflri&ions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Billi pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. La/celles do prepare,- and bring in, the fame. -<

i/, /

A Petition of Sir George Strickland, Baronet, Lord of the Manor o(North Burton, otherwise Burton Flemming, in the County of York, and also Owner of certainTythes, Cottages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, within the said Township; John Knowsley, Clerk, Vicar of North Burton, otherwise Burton Flemming aforesaid, and -Owner of certain other Tythes, Ecclesiastical Dues, and Lands, within the said Township; Robert Knowsley, ‘ Gentleman, and others, whoseNames are thereunto fub-icribed, Owners of, or otherwise interested in, divers other Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, within the same Township, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Township, several Open Fields, Lands and Grounds, reputed to contain in the whole 3000 Acres, or thereabouts, which, if divided, inclosed, and allotted to the Owners, in proportion to their respective Estates and Interests, to be by them held in Severalty, free from all Common Right whatsoever, and if a Compensation was made for the Tythes of the said Township, the mutual Benefit of all Persons interested therein, and also the public Utility, would be promoted thereby: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

'* Ordered', That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr. Warren, from the United Company of Merchants, trading to the East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

t \A State of the Debts of the East India Company in England; distinguishing the Time at which each Article will become payable, according to the usual Practice of Payments by the Company for such Articles, or according to the subsisting Agreements with the several Creditors, or the Delay of Payments consented to by those Creditors, and also how long each Article respectively, has been owing by the Company: And also.

An Account of the Credits of the East Indie1 Company, confiding of Cash and Goods for Sale now in England; distinguishing the Times at which the several Goods, now in the Company’s Warehouses for Sale, will be fold, according to the usual Course of Sales of the said Company; together with an Account of the Sums of Money they will produce at each Sale respectively, according to the medium Prices for which such Goods have been fold for Three Years lad past; and the Times when such Sums of Money will be payable: And also,

Estimate of the Cargoes expected in the Course of the enluing Summer, deducting Cudoms, Freight, and Charges.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said State, Account, and Edi-mate, were read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said State, Account, and Estimate, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matters therein contained; and report the Vql. 31.

505

fame, together with their Observations thereupon; toi the House; ' _ \ T

It passed in the Negative. f

Ordered, That the said State, Account, and Estimate, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. *

The said State, Accounts, and Estimate, are pre- . - served amongst the other Papers of this Set lion. 1

Ordered, That therfc be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of the Cargoes exported to the East Indies, riot included in the Account of the East Indict Company’s Affairs iqade up the 30th of June 1767.

Ordered, That the Chairman, Deputy Chairman, and Accomptant, of the East India Company, do, upon Tuesday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further regulating the Proceedings of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, with respect to the making of Dividends, is committed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Mer-k chandize, exported from or imported into England, from Christmas 1761 to Christmas 1766, or as far as the same can be made7 up; distinguishing each Year, and each Place.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from, or imported into that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, from Christmas 1748 to Christmas 1766; distinguishing each Year, and each Place.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31st Day of December 1 767, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing !how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1767 have been disposed of, distinguished under their several Heads.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Mobey, which have been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1767.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money issued out of the Sinking Fund, to discharge, from the 29th Day of September 1767 to the 25th Day of December following, and from the i oth Day. of October 1767 to the 5th Day of January 1768, the respective Annuities attending such Parts of the Joint Stocks, as were redeemed and paid off', on the 25th Day of December 1767, and the 5th Day of January 1768, in pursuance of Two Acts, made in the Jaft Session of Parliament.

A Petition of the common BrewerfTNlofe Names 6 N are

i^Januarii.

Accounts; East India Company.

East India Company’s Dividends.

Account; Imports# ic.


Ditto,

Scotland.

Navy Debt

Account; D:fpofitiott of Grants.

Account; Money issued on Addresses.

Account;

Exchequer Bills.

Account; Sinking Fund.

Country-

Brewers.

S©6

15* Jamtarii.

A. 1768.

are thereunto subscribed, refilling in the Counties of Mr. West, Sir Mr. Mr.

Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, and Kent, on behalf of them- Harbord, Sir George Savik, Mr. Byde, Mr. Hnjkc, selves, and all other the common Brewers, residing out Mr. Mr. Mr. Lord Ver-

of the limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, was ney, Mr- Mr. , Mr. Sir John

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That E twill, Sir Charles Charles Banbury, Mr.

by the Statute of the Twelft h of King Charles the Second* Mr. Vane, Mr. Fuller, Lord Ch arles Spencer, Suit is enacted, that, in respect to the Charge of the Duty, William Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Fonnereau:.

Thirty-six Gallons shall be returned for a Barrel of Beer, and Thirty-two Gallons for a Barrel of Ale; and that, to encourage the Common Brewers to make Payment, they are to be allowed for Waste, by Filling and Leakage, Three Barrels upon every Twenty-three of Strong

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and hare Power to-fend for Persons, Pa]>ers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Common Brewers, whose Names

or Small. Beer, and Two Barrels upon every Twenty- are thereunto subscribed, residing in the County of Ox-two of Ale; and that, by a subsequent Statute, made ford, on beltalf of themselves, and all other the Com-in the First of King William and Queen Mary, it is en- mon Brewers residing out of the Limits of the Weekly acted, that Thirty-four Gallons, in respect to the Duty, Bills of Mortality: And also,. shall be deemed a Barrel, both of Beer and Ale, whether A Petition of the Common Brewers, whose Names

Strong or Small, and that the Common Brewer shall be are thereunto subscribed, residing in the County of allowed for Waite, by Filling and Leakage, Two Bar- Hertford, on behalf of themselves and all other the rels and an Half, both of Beer and Ale, upon every Common Brewers, residing out of the Limits of the Twenty-three Barrels, whether Strong or Small; but Weekly Bills of Mortality: And also, that the Common Brewers, residing within the Limits A Petition of the Common Brewers, whose Names, of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, are excepted out of are thereunto subscribed, residing in the County of the said last mentioned Act, and are charged only in the Suffolk, on behalf of themselves and all other the Cora-Manner prescribed by the said Statute of the Twelfth of mon Brewers residing out of the Limits of the Weekly. King Charles the Second; and that, at the Time of Bills of Mortality: And also,

Country

Blown.

Ditto.

Di.no.

passing the above Acts, farge Quantities of Ale were brewed by the Common Brewers; but, at this Time, upon the drifted Enquiry it appears, that brewing of Ale is almost, if not altogether disused, and Beer only is brewed both without and within the Bills of Morta-

A Petition of the Common Brewers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, redding in the County of Berks, on behalf of themselves and all other the Common Brewers, residing out of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality: And iUi'o,

A Petition of the Common Brewers, whose Names-

Ditto.

lity; and therefore the Country Brewers pay as much

thityfor Thirty-four Gallons of Strong Beer as is paid are thereunto subscribed, residing in the County of in London for Thirty-six Gallons, and are allowed for Cumberland, on behalf of themselves and all other the Wade only Two Barrels and an Half in Twenty-three; Common Brewers, residing out of the Limits of the whereas the Allowance in London is Three in Twenty- Weekly Bills of Mortality: And also.

Dkta

three Barrels, and that Difference is computed by the Petitioners, to amount to the Sum of Six Pence Halfpenny per Barrel, and that the Pet it ioner s are at a greater Expence than the London Brewery in carrying out their Beer: and the whole Trade, both within and out of London, is now so heavily oppressed by the very great Duties on Malt and Beer, the high Price of Hops, and

A Petition of the Common Brewers, whose Names, are thereunto subscribed, residing in the County of Durham, on behalf of themselves and all other the Common Brewers residing out of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality: And also,

A Petition of the Common Brewers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the County and

Did*

Ditto.

the enormous Rate that Malt now is, and for many years City of York, on behalf of themselves and all other the

pad has been sold at, that it mud soon be ruined, un- Common Brewers residing out of the Limits of the

less timely relieved, and that as to the Objection which Weekly Bills of Mortality: And also,

may arise, that the Revenue will be decreased, if Relief A Petition of the Common Brewers, whose Names

should be granted to the Petitioners, they humbly sub- are thereunto subscribed, residing in the County of

mit that such Decrease will not amount to more than Gloucester, on behalf of themselves and all other the

One Sixty-Fourth Part of the Duty on Strong Beer, be- Common Brewers residing out of the Limits of the cause the London Brewery, or the Viftuallers in any Part Weekly Bilk of Mortality: And also,

of the Kingdom, who together pay about Three Fourth A Petition of the Common Brewers, whose Names

Parts of the Duties on Strong Beer, will not be at all are thereunto subscribed, residing in the County of

Ditto.

Ditto.

affected thereby, and that the Petitioners have greatly enlarged their Stocks by keeping their Beer in hand much longer than formerly, as the London Brewers do, whereby it becomes a wholel’omer and pleafanter Liquor, and they always deliver Thirty-six Gallons to the Barrel, as the Law requires: And therefore praying, That the House will take their same into Consideration; and that

Bucks, on behalf of themselves and all other the common Brewers residing out of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality: And also,

A Petition of the Common Brewers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the Counties of Leicester and Stafford, on behalf of themselves and all other the Common Brewers residing out of the Limits

Ditto.

they may be put upon an equal Footing with the Lon- of the Weekly Bills of Mortality;

don Brewers, so that the Petitioners, who brew only Beer, maybe allowed, withrespecttotheDuty, Thirty-six Gallons to the Barrel, instead of Thirty-four; and that they may also be allowed Three Barrels in every Twenty-three (instead of the present Allowance of Two and an Half in Twenty-three) for Waste, by Fill ing and Leakage; and that they may be further or otherwise relieved in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr, Gascoyne, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Cooke, Sir Sir

Were also severally presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations and Prayer as in the last preceding Petition.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Petition of the Common Brewers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the Counties of -

sex, E/fex, Surrey, and Kent, on behalf of themselves and all other the Common Brewers residing out of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, is referred.

yfr.Paterson, according to Order, reported fromtl>e SiitdPrt-

Fletcher Norton, Mr, Bindley, Mr. Bacon, YocA North, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to, - 2,1 continue

8 Geo. III. 15* — 160 Januatii. 597



i-

j

j

a

ir

it

k


k

tie

d

tie

me

ms

ism

tk

oe f a tie tk

.133

ini

l‘Jil

,1*

O

f j*-

irjli

5*

itfv!

continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of and for repairing Several Roads leading from the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act Chippenham Bridge and to repeal so much of an Act, lor Importation of salted Beeii Pork, Bacon, and But* made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty ter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, was committed. King George the Second, as relates to the Road bathe Amendments which the Committee had made to tween the said Bridge and Lexcer Stanton, iti tlte County the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to of Wilts; was presented to the House, and read; the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Setting forth, That, notwithstanding the Sum of Three afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, thousand pounds, borrowed, and now due, on the Cre* in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were dit of the faicl several Acts, has been expended in the Once read throughout; and then a Second Tim#, One Reparation of the said Roads, yet the same are in by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- many Parts ruinous, and cannot be effectually repaired, upon, were agreed to by the House. and the said Sum repaid without the further Assistance

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be of Parliament: and that the Petitioners apprehend, ingrafted. that if the said several Acts were entirely repealed, and

reduced into One Act. and the Terms and Powers

Foundling The House being informed, that Mr. , Se-

Hospital. cretary to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account how the Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds, which was granted last Session of Parliament to the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, for placing out Children Apprentices, hath been disposed of.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon and Means. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Ivhole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 160 Januarii;

Anno 8* Georgii III*' Regis, 1768. Prayers.

Comirl'toes. QRDE RE D, Thai all Committees be revived.

Studley A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution Bridge, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Studley Bridge, through Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Toghill, in the County of Gloucef.tr , and also an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, so far as the same relates to the repairing the Road from Studley Bridge to Chippenham, in the County of and for amending the Road from Chippenham to Pickwick, in the said County; and also an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, One made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing certain Roads leading from Chip-VOL.31. "

thereby granted were further continued and enlarged* and the Roads thereby directed to be repaired Werti divided into Three distinct Districts, and the Toll* arising from each District appropriated to the Repaid tion of each District respectively, the good Purposes intended by the said several Acts might be better ef* fefted, and the said Roads more effectually repaired; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Bayntun, 'Mt. Montagu, Mr. Northeij, Mr. Brand, Mr. Dodd, Sir Burdett, Mr. Ryder, Mr. F Mr. Bull, Mr. Burrell, Lord Verna), Mr. Vanfiltart, Mr. Burke, Mr. Clayton, Sir George Savile, Mr. Byde,

William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Touchet, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Foley Mr. Morton, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Fomereau, Mr. Upton,

Mtr-Atncotts, Lord Brownian 1 Bertie, Mr. Ridley, Sif George Colebrooke, Mr. Cooke, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Onslow; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Someth set, Dorset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to feud for Per* fons. Papers, and/Records.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentletnen, Clergy, Clothiers, Farmers, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, living in, near, or usually travelling, the Roads thereafter mentioned, and of divers of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution a certain Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to a place called White Trough, in the Parishof Trowbridge, in thefameCounty, and from thence, by Road Church, to Beckington, in the County of Somerset s and also divers of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution One other Act of Parliament, passed in the said Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roadsfrom Tinheadhill to the Round Stone in Troxobridge, and from Flinty Nap to Weflem Down, in the Parish of Edington, in the County of Wilts, and other Roads in the Countiesof Wilts and Somerset, leading towards the Cities of Bristol and Bath, which relates to a Road therein particularly named, leading from a House then in the Occupation of Robert Godby, situate in Trowle Bridge Lane, in the said Parish of Trowbridge, through Weflwood, to Midfard, in the County of Somer-

set, and allb from Frefl/ford, in the said County of Somerset, to the North-weft Corner of an Orchard called Halls CU>fe,\uLimpley Stoke, in the said County of Wilts} andlikewrle the Petition of the Mortgagees of Monies advanced on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said frit-mentioned Act, and on the Credit of the Tolls

granted

Seend,

See.

Rwd.

Scend,

Road*

508

160 Januarii.

granted for the said Road, from Godby's Houseaforesaid, who serve for the Counties of , Hants,

Wad presented to the House,andread;Settingforth, That Glouceft Southampton, Devon, and Cornwall; the Petitioners, the Trullees, have severally proceeded And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the to put the said Acts in Execution, and have made great Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*, and have Power Progress in the Repair of the said Roads, and have bor? to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, rowed, upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said '

firli-mentioned Act, the Sum of ThreeThoufand Pounds, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

and upon the Credit of so much of the Tolls granted by and others, of the Counties of Salop and ,' Ctltle Roidt

the last mentioned Act as relates to the said Road from interfiled in, or residing near, the several Roads Robert Godby'sHouse, the Sum of One thousand and therein after mentioned, whole Names are thereunto

Eight hundred Pounds and upwards , which said Two subscribed: And also,

several Sums Hill remaining due, together with the Tolls APetition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and cblle&ed, have been duly applied to the several Purpo- others, of the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, into-fes by the said Acts directed; but that such Roads can- relied in, or residing near, the several Roads therein after

mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Ditto.

not be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, and the Money so due be repaid, unless the Terms of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof extended j and that the Road from the Turnpike Gate, at or near Keevie Lane, to the End of the Parish or Ty-thing of Bulkington, towards Market Lavington,«nd also

the Road from the Town of Trowbridge, to join the Turnpike Road on West Ashton Hill; likewise the Road leading from Trowbridgeaforesaid, to the Turnpike Road

on HiUpringlon's,otherwise H likewise

from the Turnpike Road at in the Parish of

Troivbridgeaforesaid, to the said Robert House,

and through London Bridge Lane, to the End of the Parish oUIungerford Farleigh,or Farleigh , leading towards Norton St. Philip, in the County of Somerset; likewifethe Road from Hungerford Farleigh aforesaid, to the End of Hungeiford Farleigh Parish, towards ford; and also another Road leading from Hungerford Farleigh aforesaid, to Charter House Hinton , likewise a Road, from the Road near the House in the Occupation of Daniel Danvers, Esquire, in the Parish of Wingfield, over Wingfield and Road Commons to join the Turnpike Road leading from Trowbridge aforesaid to Becking ton aforesaid; likewise the Road from the Turnpike Road between Westwood and Frejhford, through Charter House Hinton aforesaid, to join the Turnpike Road at the Red Post, in the Parish of Wellow, in the said County of Somerset, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and in some Parts thereof, for Want of proper Bridges, by frequent Floods, rendered at such Times impassable; and that the effectual repairing the said Roads will be of public Utility, and which cannot be effectually widened and amended by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the several Roads directed to be repaired by the said firli-mentioned Act, as also the said Road above mentioned and directed, from Robert Godby's House, to be repaired by the said last mentioned Act, were to be reduced, and included in, and put under the Authority of One Act of Parliament; and the several Tolls granted by the said Acts, or to be granted, were consolidated, and made a joint Security for the Sums now due on Mortgage thereof, or which hereafter may be borrowed for the Purposes aforesaid, it would be of general Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for answering the aforesaid Purposes,' or to give such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition will be presented to the House, for a Bill for the amending, widening, and repairing, several Roads leading from Bishop's Castle, in the County of Salop; and that the High Road leading from the said Town of Bi-

Shop's Castle, through Montgoto Welsh Pool, and from Montgomery, through the Villages of Cherbuiy, Marion, Brofton, and Worthen, to the present Turnpike Road at Westbury, in the County of Salop, and also the Road from BroSon, to the present Turnpike Road at Miufterlcy, in the said County of Salop, are narrow in many Parts, and founderous in the Winter Season, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that there is a Lane, called The Back Lane, adjoining the East Side of the said Town of Montgomery, and leading tiom thence towards Dudfton, and near to the Road leading towards Cherbury aforesaid, proper to be Hopped iip: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said intended Bill, for the amending, widening, and repairing the said Roads, in the Petitions mentioned, and for Hopping up the said Lane, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, residing in or near the town-of Bishop's Castle, in the County of Salop, and the Town of Knighton, in the County of Badnor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And they are to examine the Matter of these Petitions, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Dnnbw; Council, of the Royal Burgh of Dunbar, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Town, being situated on a riling Ground near the Sea, has hitherto been extremely ill supplied with frefhWater; and that the Petitioners, to remedy that Inconvenience, did enter into an Agreement with William

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- field, Esquire, for a Spring or Well of Water, called

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Saint John's Well, and for other Springs belonging to him; and also for Liberty to build Reservoirs upon his And it is referred to Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Dodd, Ground, and to cut Trenches for laving the Pipes to Mr. Burke, Mr Northey, Mr. Montagu, Nlr. Brand, Mr. convey the Water from the different Springs to the said

Former e ait, Wr. TozvnJhend,}Ar. Fitzherbert, Mr. Ryder, Town of Dunbar: and obliged themselves, on behalf of

Mr.R«W, $\x George Savile, Nlr.FAliot, NIt. Burrell, Mr. the said Town, to grant unto the said William Hay,

LaJ'celles, Mr. Byde, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Touchet, S\r Fran- Exemptions from certain Duties payable to the Town cis Vincent, Mr. Ridley, Sir George Colebrooke, Sir Wil-Chamber on Goods delivered by him at the Port and Ham Beauchamp Proctor, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Harbour of Dunbar; and that the Petitioners, having Verney, Mr Upton, Mr. Clayton, Lord Brownlow Bertie, agreed with the said Hay, did likewise apply to

Mr. Bertie, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Onslow, Mr. the several,different Proprietors through whose Gounds Bootle, Sir H illiam Meredith s and all the Members the Pipes were intended to be laid for conveying the said

Water

Heading

to

Su Albaus Hoad.

Ditto;

8 Geo. III. i6° Jamarii. 509

Water; and, having obtained their Permission for that Purpose, have, at a great Expence, brought Water upwards of Two Miles and a Half, for the Service of the said Town; and that, as many Persons,. through whole Grounds the said Water has been conveyed, are only Tenants for Life; and as it has been necessary to cany the Tract of the Pipes along one of the County Bridges, and across a public High Road, and through Part of a Mini Iter’s Glebe; the Petitioners are apprehensive, however delirous the pr^sent Proprietors of such Lands may be to give the fulled Powers they possibly can for the Completion of so useful and necessary a Work, yet that the same dannot be done permanently without the Aid . of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, tinder such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordff/'edjThat the said Petition be referred to the Con-Cderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir H Lord Gar-

lies, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Fonnerea Mr.

Mr. DundaSjSir William BeauchampPr

Mr. Montagu, Sir Lawrence Dundas, Mr.

Mr. Pringle, Mr. Lqfcelles, Mr. Captain Hay,

Mr. Byde, Sir George Savile, Mr. Hewelt, Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Lowndes Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Morion, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Clive, Lord Mr.

Staunton, Lord Clive, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Oitfioio, Mr. Bull, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Darker, Ix>rd

Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mr. Ewer, Mr.

Touchel', and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, whose Names are thereunto set, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Reading to through the

Towns of Henley, Great Marlow, Chepping

monde/ham, Cheynes, Rickmansworth, and Watford-, and a 1 so, the Road leadingoverf?rea/ through

Bisham, to the Thirty-Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading to Reading, are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places extremely narrow; and that the same cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And thereforepraying, ThatI>eave may be given to bring in a Bill to repair, amend, alter, widen, turn, and shorten the said several Roads; and that t lie Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Clayton, Mr. Clive, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Bull, Lord Mr. Lord

John Cavendish, Captain IIay, Mr. Ryder, Mr.

Lord Mexborough, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Mr.

Burrell, Mr. Loiendes, Mr. , Mr. Fonne-

reau, Mr. Onjlrnv, Sir Hugh Dahymple, Mr. Byde, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Morton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Wltalely, Mr. Martin, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Sir John Gibbons-, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Berks, Oxford, Bucks, HertfordyKffex, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing

Vox.. 31.

near, and travelling in and upon the;Road therein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Set* ting forth, That the Road leading from Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford to Hatfield, in the same County, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Plaices narrow and dangerous for Travellers, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and taking Notice of the preceding Petition: And praying. That the same may extend to repair, alter, widen, and shorten, the said Road, leading from Saint Albans to Hatfield, and that the Petitioners may have such otherRelief i&i the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be' referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and otherwise interested in 'certain Fen Lands, in the Par issues of Lakenheath and Brandon, in the County of Suffolk, ly» ingwithin the Great Level of the Fens, commonly edited Bedford Level, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Fen Lands are frequently overflowed, and, in their present Condition, yield but little Profit to the Petitioners, and others interested therein; and it would be very advantageous to all Persons interested if the same were properly drained and imbank-ed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for draining and imbanking the said Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Clayton, Mr. Mr.

Fonnereau, Mr. Staunton, MMr. Myddelton,

Mr. Byde, Sir Brook Brydges, Mr. Knight, Mr. Tmon-Jhend, Sir John Sebright, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Ryder, Sir Joseph Mazebey, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Montagu, Mr. San-

dys, Mr. Sir William Beauchamp Mr. Ful-

ler, Sir George Savile, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Dyfon, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Plumptre, ’Sir Edward Bayntun, Sir CharlesMordaunt, Mr. Upton, Mr. Martin, Mr. Whatcly, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Ixnendes, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Hewett, Lord Brownlow Bertie-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, Bedford, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the common Brewers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the County of Dorfel, on behalf of themselves and all other the common Brewers residing out of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality: And also,

A Petition of the common Brewers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the County of Northumberland, on behalf of themselves and all other thtfs common Brewers residing out of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Praying, That they may be put upon an equal Footing with the London Brewers, with respect to Duty and Allowance for Walle, by Filling and Leakage.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Common Brewers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, and Kent, on behalf of themselves and all other the Com-6 O men

Lakenheafe

4c.

Drainage.

Country

Brewers.

Dilto,

i^-

510 16" Januarii. A. 1768.

mon -Bmvers residing out of the Limits - of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, is referred. '

Shoreditch A Petition of the Traftees appointed to put into Exe-

Street*. eution Two l’everal Acts of Parliament, for opening a Road from Shoreditch to Bethnal Green, and paving the Streets leading thereto, in behalf of the said Trust, and the several Inhabitants and Persons interested therein was presented to the Hoitfe, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner® observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Petition has been presented from the Inhabitants of Shoreditch High Streets, called Street, Church

End, and Part of Kingsland Road, for a Bill for the better paving the said Streets, and for such other Purposes is are therein mentioned; and that these Petitioners think they shall be greatly aggrieved, and hindered from completing the laudable Purpol’es intended by the Pow-’: ers granted to them, if Leave be given to bring in such a

Bill: And therefore Praying, That they may be heard, by themselves of Council, against the said Petition, and have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Chnsideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the High Streets, called Holy Well Street, Church End, and Part of Kingdand Road, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, leading from Norton Falgate, to Tree, in Kingdand Road, in behalf of themfel ves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Streets, is referred.

Norwich A Petition of Thomas Ivory, of the City of Norwich,

Theatre. \vas presented, to the lloule, and read; Setting forth. That a licensed Theatre is much desired within the said City; and that the Petitioner is Proprietor of a certain Ellate, in the Parish of Saint Peter at Mancrqft, near Chapel Field House,in the said City,\vhereop is a Build-

ing properly situated, which he has lately, at a very considerable Expence, commodiously finidied and fur-lijlhed, for the Purpose of a Playhouse: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring ip a Bill to enable His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, to grant Letters Patent for a Theatre, or Playhoule, in the said Buildings and Premises aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Magistrates, and other principal Inhabitants, of the City and County of Norwich, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That to have the said Playboyfe licensed would be perfectly agreeable to the principal Inhabitants of the said City; and, at the same Time, very beneficial to the City at large: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pais into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Shoreditch A Bill to continue and render more effectual several F Acts passed for repairing the Road leading from the Road. Slones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesexto the furthermoll Part of the Northern Read, in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from the Watch-house m Edmonton to the Market Place in Enfield-, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Beauchamp Pro6tor, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Byde, Mr.

flow, Mr. Hen -elf, Mr. Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Willoughby, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Fon-ncreau, Mr. Kynaston, Sir George Savile, M r.

Mr. Clive, Mr. Brand, Mr. Mr. Herbert,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Tu, Mr. Gore, Mr. Morton, Mi». M

Craven, S\rGcorgeColebrooke, Mr. Clayton, Sir George,

Savile, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Milles, Mr. Meilish, Mr. Calvert,

Mr. PreJ'eott, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Gray, and all the Members who serve for the Coun* ties of Middlesex, Efj'ex, Hertford, Suffolk, and Norfolk:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the Countiesof Northampton

was presented to the House,' ami read; Setting forth,

That the Road leading from the Way Post, in the Parish of Hardingston,in the County of

the Town of Old Stratford, in the said County, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places too narrow, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Ijeave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, by fitch Methods as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to than, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Mr. Onjloiv, Mr . Hewett, Mr. Gore, Mr. Clive, Mr.

Fitzherbert, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Mr. Brand,

Mr. Tucker, Sir Charter Mordaunt} Sir George Savile,

Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Morton, Mr. Martin, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Mr.

Shijfner, Lord Thomond, Sir Charles Kemys Tpite, Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Doiedeficelt, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Hujke,

Mr. Bindley, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Dufon; and all the Mend>ers who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Leicester, Bucks, Nottingham, and And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons, possessed of certain MiJtoo Common, Open, Commonable, and Feeding Lands, in hicLliirc. Milton, in the Parish of Portsea, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there arecertain Common,and Com-monable and Feeding Lands, in Milton aforesaid, the Property of the Petitioners; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would considerably augment their V alue: And therefore preying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pur-fnant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Lou ndes and Colonel Onslow do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by vir- Smith’* tue of a Decree of the Court of Chancery, in the First Chatiti* Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, for the Disposal of the Estates and Effects of Henry Smith, of the City of London, Esquire, wras presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth. That, by the said Decree, it was adjudged, that certain Estates, real and personal,of Henry Smith, of Silver Street, London, should be vested in Trustees, for several charitable Uses in the said Decree mentioned, and for such other charitable Uses as he should by his Will, or any other Writing, limit and appoint; and that the said Henry Smith did, by his Will, bequeath, for the Ule of the poor Captives, beingSlaves under the TurkijhPirates, the Sum of One thousand

Pounds, to be laid forth and bellowed in the Purchase of Lands of Inheritance, to the Value of Threescore Pounds per Annum at the lead, the Rents and Profits \vhereof to be yearly paid and distributed for and towards the Relief and Ransom of the said poor Captives and Slaves; and by the said Will he also gave and deviled

8 Geo. III. 16° Januarik

511

vised for the Use and Relief of- the poorest of his Kindred, such as are not able to work for their Living; lick, aged, and impotent Persons, and such as cannot maintain their own Charge, the Sum of One thousand Pounds, to be laid forth and bellowed in the Purchase of Lands of Inheritance, of the Value of Threescore Pounds per Annum at the lead, and the Rents and Profits thereof to be yearly paid unto them, and to be distributed amongst them; and that the Income of the said iirft-mc Htioned Sum of One thousand Pounds has, so far as the proper Objects have been known, or found, from Time to Time, been applied according to the Directions of the said Will, but so little thereof has been called for, or expended for those Purposes, that the said original Sum is now accumulated to Eight thousand Pounds and upwards; and that the Kindred of the Testator, who come within the Description of his Will to be entitled to a diliributiveShare of the said second-meiitioned One thousand Pounds, are so numerous, that their respective Shares are very finall; and the Petitioners therefore -apprehend, that the said Testator’s pious and charitable Intentions would be better answered, if the Petitioners were impowered also to distribute annually, amongst -the Testator’s said Kindred, the Remainder of the annual Income of the said accumulated Sum, after having fulfilled the Directions of the said Will with respect to the Relief and Itanfom of Captives, as is therein mentioned; And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Directions therein as ftiaft seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Uffineton A Petition of the Right honourable William Lord jic o ure. Craven, Lord of the Manor of Uffington, in the County of Berks, and Owner and Proprietor of certain Lands, within the Manor and Parilli of Uffington aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and other Commonable Places, belonging to the Petitioner and others, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and are not at present capable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed, it would tend to the great Advantage of the Petitioner, and the other Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and other Commonable Places, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Morton, Mr. Craven, and Sir Charles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

H.gbPn« A Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers of Provisions. Broad Cloth, Stuffs, and other Woollen Goods, Inhabitants of the Parishes of Leeds, Bradford,

Birfal, Dexvsbury, Calverl and Oily, in the County of York, on behalf of themselves and many Thousand others employed in the said Manufactures, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Distresses which the Poor in general labour under, from the Dearness of Corn and other Provisions: And praying the House will grant to the Petitioners, and all the numerous labouring Poor dependent on them for Employment, such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions.

Hoi well A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there-

Inclosure. pnto subscribed. Proprietors of Lands, and other.wife Voi. j)i.

interested in the several Open and Common Fields, and -other Commonable Lauds and Grounds, in the Parilli of Holtoell, in the County of Bedford, was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested in the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That'Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Byde and Mr. Jlewett do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Simpfm, Esquire, Lord of the

Manor of the Parilli of Babi in the County of Nottingham, and Proprietor of a largeQuantity of Open Forest Land within the said Parish; and of the Reverend JosephMeller, Rector of the said Parilli, in Right of the said Rectory entitled to allGreat and SmallTythes whatsoever within the said Parish; and of the Right honourable the Earl o f Lincoln, William Donjon,

and George Mason, Esquires, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, other Proprietors of large Quantities of Open Forest Land within the said Parilli of; was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parilli, several large Tracts of Open Forest Lands, containing in the Whole, by Efti-mation, 3,800 Acres, or thereabouts, which, iu their present Situation, cannot be properly improved, but, if inclosed and div ided, would be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, and also to the Public: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem requifile.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hewett, and Sir George Savile do prepare, and bring in,

tile fame.

A Petition of the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Carlisle, Lord of the Manor of Horm ajlle, in ' ~ of Lincoln, and of several other Owners and of Lands within the said Manor, and Parish Supra, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Commonable Places, known by the Names of The North and South High Fields, and the North and South Loiv Fields, together with the Cow Pasture and Common lying within the said Manor and Parilli, wherein the different Properties are dispersed, and inconveniently situated; but that if the said Lands were divided, and specific Shares allotted to the Persons interested therein, it will be very advantageous to them; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, finder such Regulat ions as the I louse shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. George Bridges Brudenell, Sir George Savile, and Lord Brownlow Bertie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

the County Proprietors of Toynton

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Stinted Pastures, within the Towniliip of Litton, in the Parish of Amcliffe, in the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Byde, "Sir. Burrell, Mr. Heroett, Mr. Brpdcnell, Mr. Cii'jl, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Bull, Mr. Milles, Mr.

Mr. Buller,§ii Brook Brydges, Mr. Alar tin. Sir William

Beauchamp

Babworth

Indofur*

Horncaltle

Inclosure.

Litfon

Inclosure.

512

i6" — 190 Jamarii. 1768.

Beauchamp Proctor, Lord Bertie, Mr. Morton,

Mr. Darker, Mr. Upton, Mr. Dison, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Mr.

Craven, Mr. Brand, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Mr. Herbert-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, DurhamNorthumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancqfier: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bridlington Sir George Savile presented to the House, according

incloiuit. to Order, a Bill for dividing and iucloling the several Open Fields, Lands, Grounds, Meadows, Pad tires. Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for extinguishing the Right of Common, or Average, upon certain ancient Inclosures within the same Town* ship: And the same was received; and read the First uime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Snainton Sir George Savile presented to the House, according

Inclosure. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Grounds, within the Township of Snainton, in the Parishes of Brompton and Ebberfion, in the North , Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

MvyleBotw Sir William Beauchamp Proflor reported from the Street*. Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentle-

men, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Main/ le Bone, in the County of ,was referred; that

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, William Guthry, Esquire, said, That there is an Hospital in Quebec Street, in the said Parish, called The General Lying-in Hojpilal, which was formerly in George's Parish, but since transferred to Maryle Bwhich Hospital has no Charter, but supported only by voluntary Subscriptions.

That upon a Medium of Four Years past, 40 Children have been annually born in the said Hospital, which Children become burthensome to the Parish, and mult be the Ruin of the Parish, if not speedily remedied; and that as the Buildings in the said Parish increase, the Grievance is the greater.

Mr. Geo. Rawlinjon, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Mr. Abbot Newell Cockman, Vestry Clerk of the said Parish, produced the Vestry Books for Years past,whereby it appeared, that 79 Women had been delivered in the said Hospital within that Period, which have become chargeable to the Parish.

And Mr. Guthry, being asked the Question, he said, That any Hospital within the said Parish, for the general Reception of Lying-in Women, would be attended with great Inconvenience.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Mary

le Bone, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better Maintenance of the Poor, regulating the Nightly W atch and Beadles, cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and re-

pairing the Highways and Causeways, within the said Parish; is committed; that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the more effectual Ease and Relief of the said Parish, with respect to Children born in Hospitals for the General Reception of Lying-in Women, within the said Parish.

Ordered, That the Governors and Guardians of the Foundlinj Hospital for the Maintenance and Education ofexposed HoJi^ and deserted young Children, do lay before this House, an Estimate of the Expence of maintaining the C hildren received into the said Hospital, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1767 exclnlive, to the 31st Day of December 1768 inclusive.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Monies received, and paid, by the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and defected young Children, between the 31st Day of December 1766 and the 31st Day of December 1767, inclusive, with the Balance then remaining; and also an Account of the Num-ber of Children received into the said Hospital, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have been placedout Apprentices between the said 31stDayof.December 1766, and the said 31st Day of December 1767; and also, an Account of the Number of the said Children who have been returned to their Parents, between the said 31st Day of December 1766 and the said 31st Day of December 1767; and also, an Account of the

Number of the said Children who have died, between the said 31st Day of December 1766 and the said 31st Day of December 1767; and also, an Account of the Number of the said Children who were living, under the Care of the Governors and Guardians, on the said 31st Day of December 1767.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 190 die Januarii;

Anno 8° Georgii III*' Regis, 1768.

Pra YEKS.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Commits

Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom HardingSm the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Northampton and Buckingham, was referred, that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Reverend Doctor Forrester, Chancellor of the Diocese of Lincoln, said, That he knows the Road leading from the Way Post, in the Parish of Hardinstgon, in the County of Northampton,to Old Stratford, in the said County:

That it is in a very ruinous Condition, and in some Parts narrow and incommodious for Carriages and Passengers; and cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That I^ave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the Road from the Way Post in the Parish of Hardingston, in the County of North, ampton, to Old Slratjord, in the said Comity: And that

Mr. Lowndes, Sir CharlesMordaunt, and Sir William

Beauchamp Proctor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, T\kl\S>\x George Savile be added to the Gen- Commit tlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in,

a Bill,

Conon ly Judo lure.

Halifax ^Street, &c.

Millington

Inclosure.

Worcester

Roads*

8 Geo. III. 19° Januarii.

5i3

a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Roger

Swire, Esquire, and others, whose Names are there-. unto subscribed.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waite Ground, within the Township and Manor of Cononly, in the Parish of in the West Rid-

ing of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to amend, and render more effectual* an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for supplying the Town of Halifax with Water; and for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets and other Places there; and for removing all Nuisances, Incroachments, and Obstructions, within the said Town, and preventing the like for the future; was read the Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Savile, Lord Strange, Mr. Cuf, Mr.

.Mr. West, Mr. Martin, Mr. JenkinJ'on, Mr Lord Grey, Sir Edward WinnMr. Ridley, Mr. Upton, Lord Clare, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Luttrell, Sir C Mr.

General Irwine, Mr. Brand, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Hopkins,

Mr. Hewett, Lord George Mr. Knight, Mr.

Cocks, Mr. Penton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Conner eau, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Milles, Mr Sullivan, Dr. Hay, General Honeyivood; and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancaster, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Millington, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George. Savile, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Mr. Gray, Mr. On-

flow, Lord Strange, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Milles, Mr. tre, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Conner can, Mr. Montagu, Lord Grey, General Irwine, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Bootle, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Hayes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir William Beauchamp ProSor, M r. Prefeott, Colonel Bur-

foyne. Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Garth, <ir. Bacon, Mr. Sullivan, Mr, Martin. Mr. Byde, Mr. Pratt, Sir LionelPilkington, Mr. Mr. Ongley,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Eioer, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Bef, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Burton , and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Durham, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing near to and travelling the Roads therein after mentioned, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was readand is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Holbech, said, That he knows the Road from a Place called The Foregate, in the City of Worcester, through a Lane called Gardner's Lane, and from thence, on the North Side of the Town Ditch, to Saint Clement's

Gate, in the said City, and there communicating with the Road, leading from the Tything of through

Vol. 31.

Salt Lane, to the said Gate: That it is in a ruinous Condition and incommodious for Passengers and Carriages; and cannot be effectually amended and repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill tctcontinue the Terms, and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts of the Twelfth of Queen Ann, the Twelfth of King George the First, and the Twenty -second of his late Majesty, for repairing toe Road from the City of Worcester, througu to BromJ-

grove, and other Roads therein mentioned; and to repeal an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads lying in and leading from Droitwich aforesaid; and for amending the several Roads, which were directed to be repaired by the said Act, is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for repairing "the Road from a Place called The Foregate, in the said City of Worcef ter, through Gardner's Lane, to Clement's Gate, in the said City.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Birmingham, to;

and for making Collateral Cuts, and Waggon Ways, from several Coal Mines; and for continuing the said Canal from Bilstone to Autherley, there to communicate with the Canal now making between the Rivers and Trent; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Assistants, Common Council, free Burgesses, and other Inhabitants1 of the Borough of Colchefer, in the County of was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Distresses which the Poor in general labour under from the Dearness of Corn and other Provisions: And praying the House to take the Matters into Consideration, and provide such Remedies as ilia.11 seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions.

A Petition of the Common Brewers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the County of Northampton, on behalf of themselves and all other the Common Brewers residing out of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, was presented to the House, and read, Praying, That they may be put upon an equal Footing with the London Brewers, with respect to Duty and Allowance for Waste by Filling and Leakage.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Common Brewers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the Counties of MiddleJ'cx, Efex, Surrey and Kent, on behalf of themselves and all other the Common Brewers residing out of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, is referred.

Mr. Rigby presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Heath, called Navejlock Common and Heath, within the Manors of Navejlock and Lofthall, in the County of Efex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

6 P Resolved,

Birmingl an Cinal.

High Price of

Provision*.

Country

Brewer*.

Naveftack

IncLlure.

5H

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

19* Januarii.

A. 1768.

Selkirk

Road.

Sir Gilbert Elliot reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons living near and nfually travelling through the Roads in the Counties of Roxburgh mul Selkirk, mentioned in the Petition, was

referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Trufpo* preventing Dejay intheTransportatioaoffelons: And ution that Mr. Gray, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Hayes,

and Mr. Harvey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Fdooi.

A Petition of the Merchants and Tradesmen, of the Port of Liverpool, on behalf of themselves, and more of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the particularly of those concerned in the Whale Fishery to fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, was the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That at the Clerk’s Table: Where the tune was read; and (livers Acts of Parliament have passed for the Support is as followeth; viz. and Encouragement of the Greenland Trade, and dif-

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John ferent Bounties been allowed from Time to Time, as Pringle, Esquire, being examined, laid. That the said Necessity required, the last of which Acts is continued to Roads are in a ruinous Condition, and impassable in the 1767, and from thence to the End

the Winter, and in many parts very narrow; and that of the then next Session of Parliament; and that, since the same cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws the granting of a Bounty of Forty Shillings a Ton, a in being: great many Ships jjave been-annually employed in that

Which Evidence was confirmed by a Member pre* Fishery, and many more would have been fitted out, font. but for Checks received during the War, and the Short-

And it appeared by the Evidence of several Mem- ness of Time for winch the Bounty was granted; and bers, That the River Tweed is often dangerous and that,since the Peace, this Trade has revived, and under impassable for Travellers; and that the building a Bridge over the fame, at forae Place between the Foot of Gala and the Foot of Leider, will be of great Advantage to the Public.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing several Roads leading through the County of

TtSkaj.

Mr. Wauchope, and Mr. Pringle, do prepare, bring in, the lame.

Distressed

Debtors.

Ditto.

Ditto.

and

of

Account; East India Company.

the Encouragement of the Bounty for such a Number of Years as will encourage the Adventurers to embark their Fortune in it, there is the strongest Ground to expect it may be extended beyond the Experience of any former Time; and the Petitioners conceive the Trade to be the more worthy, of the Attention of Par-Roxburgh: And that Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Coutts, liament, as it furniihes tins Country with various Materials of Manufacture, and is the Nursery of the bai^ dieft and bell Seamen; and that a considerable Duty is paid to the Revenue, on Materials for the Ships Outfit, and Provisions: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant them such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of raft contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Pennant, Sir , . , Sir William Meredith, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Jay

Were federally preferred to the House, and read; kinf LordA Mr. Prescott, Mr. Ridley, Mr. FuU Complaming of their Distress: And praying /ffr> Mr r. Coutts, Mr. Mr. Dyfim,

Lord Colonel Barre, Mr. Pratt, Sir Charles

Mr. Bradjhazv, Mr. , Mr. Cooke, Mr. Upton, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

Mr. Ellis, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Legh, Lord George v The House being informed, that Mr. Warren, from ville, Mr. Vernon, Sir Peter Mr. Dowdifwell,

the United Company of Merchants trading to the Eafi Mr. Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Conway, Sir Mat-

Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and thew Lamb, Mr. Martin, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Hopkins,

in

of

A Petition of the Debtors in the County Gaol Bury Saint Edmunds, Suffolk: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt Newgate, in the Town and County of the Town Newcafite upon Tyne: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners in Wanoick Gaol, on behalf of themselves and all other Prisoners confined in Prison;

Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to Ke upon the Table.

Mr. , Mr. Byde, Mr. Luttrell, Sir William

Beauchamp Mr. Delaval; and all the Mer-

chants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chart-ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

The Lord Barrington presented to die House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of extraordinary Services incurred, and further regulating the Proceedings of the United Com- paid by the Right honourable Lord North, and George pany of Merchants of England, trading to the Eafi In- Cooke, Esquire, latePaymaster General of His Majesty’s

dies, with respect to the making of Dividends, is com- Forces, from the 4th of February 1767 to the 15th of mitted. December following, and not provided for by Parlia*

ment.

The said Account is preferred amongst the And the Title of the said Account was read.

at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Value of the Cargoes exported to the East Indies, not included in the Account of the East India Company’s Affairs, made up the 30th of June 1767.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

other Papers of this Session.

The said Account if as followeth; via.

Amf J

V

8 Geo. III.

JanuarH

5*5

H

i5

An A C C O UN T of Extraordinary Services incurred and paid by the Right honourable Lord and

George Cooke, Esquire, late Payrtiafter General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 4th Of February x 767 to the 25th of December following, and not provided for by Parliament.




4



k

A

it

A

tk

V

fc

k

ji

as.

k

)4

eur

h

to

jf

t


Dates of Warrants.

1767. January 31st.

March 10th. April 10th; May 14th. June 18th.

July 9th. Aig* 13th.

Sep* 25th. Oclor 19 th. Noxf 23d.

To lVfajor General Gage, in Discharge of Bills of Exchange drawn by him for the public contingent Ciiarges of His Majesty’s Forces In North America -

To D% in Discharge of D®, drawn by D°» for ditto Services -

To D®, in Discharge of D®, drawn by D®, for ditto Services -

To D% in Discharge of D®, drawn by D®, for ditto Services -

To D®, in Discharge of D®, drawn by D® for ditto

Services....

To D°, in Discharge of D®, drawn by D®, for ditto Services -

To D®, in Discharge of D", drawn by D®, for ditto Service* -

To D°, in Discharge of D®, drawn by D®, for ditto Services ... -

To 1)°, in Discharge of D®, drawn by D®, for ditto.

Services ——

To D®, in Discharge of D®, drawn by D®, for ditto Services ——

39a l6 3

11,401 4 8

5,485 4 5

2A5I 1 —

4,537 xo s 8

6,794 12 —

4,589 n 11

330 — —

801 13 10

53° — —

-e*

Janry. 31st. To Rob* Melville, Esquire, in Discharge of Bills of Exchange drawn by him for the public contingent Ciiarges of His Majesty’s Forces at Grenada - -- -- - 1,097 *5 1

April 10th. To D®, in Discharge of D®, drawn by D®, for ditto Services ——

June 18th. To D®, in Discharge of D®, drawn by D®, for ditto Services ——

July 9th. To D®, in Discharge of D®, drawn by D®, for ditto Services -

August 13th. To D®, in Discharge of D®, drawn by D®, for ditto Services ——

2,600 — —

1,400-----

600 — — 2,300-----

January 31 ft. To Will" Taylor, Esquire, in Discharge of Bills of Exchange drawn by him, for the public contingent Charges of His Majesty’s, Forces at Pensacola----- - 500 — —

May 14th. To D°, in Discharge of D®, drawn by D®, for ditto

Services - .* 677 3 9

July 9th. To D®, in Discharge of D®, drawn by D®, for ditto

Services - -- -- - loo — —

Janry. 31st. To Rob1 Farmar, Esqbire, in Discharge of Bills of Exchange drawn by him, for the public contingent Charges of His Majesty’s Force* at Louisiana - -

To D®, in Discharge of D®, drawn by D®, for ditto Services - - - - *

To D®, in Discharge of D®, drawn by D®, for ditto Services -

To D®, in Discharge of D®, drawn by D®, for ditto

March 10th. April 10th. July 9th. Oftor 19th.

Services

To I)®, in Discharge of D®, drawn by D®, for ditto Services ——

97 *4 5 853 9 7 1*7 J4 9 14 9 10

75 10 4

March 10th. Aug1 13 th. Oclor 19th. \rOL.

To Brigadier Gen1 Murray, in Discharge of Bills of Exchange drawn by him, for the public contingent Charges of His Majesty’s Forces at Quebec - 1 oo — —

To GuyCarlcton, Esquire, in Discharge of D®, drawn

by him for the public contingent Charges of His Majesty’s Forces at ditto - - 3,000 — —

To D®, in Discharge of D®, drawn by

D®, for ditto Service - - 4,000-----

-..... ' 7,000 -

37, H4 — 9

7>9$7

t>i7l 3

1,158 it

7,100-----

March

516 19° Januarii,

Dates ot Warrants.

j

March10th. To Geo. Joknftone% EsquirO, in Discharge of Bills of Exch. drawn by him,

for the public conting' Charges of His Majesty’s Forces in Florida - - - - 125 13 g

April xoth. To D®, in Discharge of D°, drawn by D®, for ditto

Services 62 15 —

May 14 th. To D®, in Discharge of D®, drawn by D®, for ditto

Services - -- -- - 200-----

June 18 th. To D®, in Discharge of D®, drawn by D®, for ditto

Setvices - - - - 304 8 2

April 10th. To John Reedy Esquire, in Discharge of Bills of Exch* drawn by him, for; the public contingent Charges ef His Majesty’s Forces 39 15 2

June 18th. To D®, in Discharge of D®, drawn by D®, for ditto

Services * ----- 197 12 8

June 18th. To Montford Brown, Esquire, in Discharge of Bills of Exch' drawn by him, for the public contingent Charges of His Majesty’s Forces at July 16th. To Roger Hope Ellitjbnt Esquire, in Discharge of D®, drawn by him, for ditto of His Majesty’s Forces at Jamaica -

March i oth. To Major General Irwin, in Discharge of Bills of Exchange drawn by him,

for the public contingent Charges of His Majesty’s Forces at Gibraltar - 1,86$ 4 7

Aug< 20th. To D®, in Discharge of D®, drawn by D®, for ditto

Services - -- -- - 752 17 4

May 13th. To Chat O'Hara, Esquire, Governor of , to answer Bills of Exchange drawn by him, for the public contingent Charges of that Garrison - - - - 3*2.57 16 1

Novr 18th. To D®, for contingent Expences of D®, from the ill of

January 1767 to the 30th of July following - - 3,476 19 2

Marcti oth.' To Sir Sam1 Fludyer, Bart1, and John Drummond, Esquire, Contractors for remitting Monies to the Forces in N° , by way of Imprest,

and upon Account of the extraordinary Expences of the Forces there - - - - 20,000 — —

Kovr till. To D®, for remitting D®, to the Forces serving in ditto, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of ditto Expences of the Forces there - - - 10,000-----

Febry. 6th. To Sir Sam1 Fludyer, Bar*, Adam Drummond and Moses Franks Esquires, for victualling Batteau Men (employed in transporting Provisions to O/wegafchie for the Use of the Forces in the Upper Country) between toth Dtxcmbr 1765, and 20th OBor 1766 - - 290 3 10

To D®, for victualling the Forces at Quebec, Montreal,

and their Environs, between the 24th of 1766

and 25th O6lorfollowing - - - 1,194 — 2

April 1 oth. To D®, for victualling D®, in the Pensylvania Department, between 25th of June 1766 and 24th Novr following - -- -- - 6,864 9 5

May 6th. To D®, for victualling D®, at Quebec, Montreal, and their Environs, between 26th Oclor 1766 and nth January 1767 ----- 1,944 16 6

To D®, for victualling D®, at Nero York, Jersey,

and Albany, between ift O6tor 1766 and 11 th January

1767 - - 1,780 6 6

June 24th. To D®, for victualling D®, in South Carolina and Georgia,

between 25th April 1766 and 11 th Janry. 1167 - 44364

August 13th. To D°, for victualling D®, in Pensylvania, Philadelphia, and Carolina, between 25th Nov' 1766 and 12th January 1767 ----- 3,096 10 4

To D®, for Provisions delivered to the Commissary of

Stores, at New York and Albany - - - - 675 8, 2

July 9th. To Arnold NeJbitt, Adam Drummand, and Moses Franks,

Esquires, for victualling the Forces at New York,

Nero Jersey, S° Carolina, and Georgia, between the 12th of Janry. 1767 and 24th April following - 1,625 1 11

Aug' 13th. To D®, for victualling D®, at Quebec and Montreal, between the 1 ith January 1767 and 26th April following 2,256 18 7

Sep' 4th. To D®, for victualling D®, at D®, between 26th of April 1767 and 25th June folio*, and for Provisions issued by Order of Brigad* Gen* Carlton to Acadians that came to settle, in the said Garrisons, and likewise for

Provif* issued by his Order, as Presents to sundry

Nations of Indians - - - - U74* $ 7

Ac 1768.

792 16 it

237 7 10 112 10 — 432 18 1

2,616 t n

6,734 *5 3

30,000 — '"*

Stp*

8 Geo. III.

190 Januarii.

Datfs of

Warrants.

1767.

Sep 25th. To Arnold. Nejbit, Adam Drummond, and,

Esquires, Cor visual ling the Forces at New York and Nero Jersey, between the 25th of 1767 and 24th June following, and for Provisions delivered at Albany, to be sent from thence to the Forces Northward and Southward -

To D°, for victualling D° in the Depart-

ment, between 13th January 1767 and the 24th of May following - -

October 17th. To D", for victualling D° in the Town of the Three Rivers, between 2d of June 1767 and 20th August following -

To D°, for victualling D° at Quebec and Montreal, between 26th June 1767 and 20th Aug following, and for Provisions issued by Order of Brig1 Carlton to Accadians that came to settle in the said Garrisons, and likewise for Provif* issued by his Order as Presents to Cundry Nations oi Indians - . -Novem? 18th. To D°, for victualling D# in the Pensylvania Department, between 25th May 1767 and 24th August following -

Febry. 6th To Chaiincey Townshend, Esquire, for victualling the Forces in Newfoundland, to 18th

Septr 1766 - 1,370 18 5

To I>°, for victualling D° in Nova Scotia, between 9th June 1766, and 31st Aug following - - 817 12 10

March 10th. To D°, for victualling D° in D®, between ill and 28th Sept. 1766 -20th. To D°, for victualling D° in Nova Scotia, between 29th Sept 1766 and 21st Deer following May 14th. To D°, for victualling D° in D°,

between 22d Decern1766 and

15th febry. 1767 -29th. To D®, for victualling D® in D®, between 16th Febry. 1767 and 12th Apr. following -Aug. 13th. To D®, for-victualling D® in D®, between 13th April 1767 and the 7th of Junelbllowing - -Odor 30th. To D®, for victualling D® in D®, between 8th June 1767 and 5th of July following - -

NovemT18th. To D®, for victualling D® in D®, between the 6th of July 1767 and 30th of August following Decern, 10th. To D®, for victualling D® in D®, between 31st of August 1767 and the 25th of 06? following -

Febry. 27th. To Malth9 Woodford, Esquire, for victualling the Forces

in Annapolis Royal and Chegnedlo, between the 12th of May 1766 and 31 Aug foil* - 520 14 3

July 24th. To D®, for victualling 13® in D®,-between ill of Sep? 1766 mid 18th of January 1767 - - 705 19 10.

Aug 13th. To I)®, for victualling D® in D®,

between 19th January 1767 and 12 th April following - -. - 396 17 5

Febry. 24th. To Shelf'* Major and Henniker, for victualling the Forces in West Florida - - 524 8 11

May lit. To D®, for victual*D® in D® - - 2,117 *8 7

Scpr25th. To Edxo* Codrington, Esquire, for victualling the Forces in WestFlorida -Febry. 27th. To MelT" Cuming and Mason, for victualling, the Forces in East Florida - - 1,140 19 4

April. 10th. To D®, fop victualling D® in D® - 1,407 2 5

Vol. 31. 6 Q

640 *9 5

1,894 18 8

1,209 *7 3

1,279 13 9

995 *3 2

392 10 9

801 1 —

944 10 2

£ d.

2,421 17 6 1,610 — 6 1,067 15 3

i.7°3 ~ 9 1,487 16 3

10,347 *5 5

1,623 11

2,642 7 6

3,862 17 a

*r548 i 9

517

March

5*8

Dates of Warrants.

M'fd ioth.

June 3d.

July 24th.

Sepc. 25th. Nov ;8th.

April 16th. 08r 30th.

Decern 2d.

1766. Sept. 23d.

Oclor 10th.

Nov 18th. 28th.

1767. Febry. 27th.

March 20th.

May 29th.

Aug> 5th.

13 th.

Odr 12th.

NovemT 18th.

ip° Januariu

9 5

4

To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for vie- d.

tualling the Forces in Dominica, between the ift of Odr 1765 and the 30th of Nov 1766 - - 1*894 to 2

To D% for victualling D° in Grenada, between ift of A and 30th of Septr 1766 - 1,679 7 1®

To D°, for victualling D° in S‘

cent-s,between ift July and D° - 821

To D% for victualling D° in Tobago, between ift Janry. 1765 and 8th March follow* - - - - 265

To D8, for victualling D° in *S" Vincent's, between 30th Sept. 1766 and 31st of Decembr following - 848 6 3

To ET, for victualling D° in Dominica, between ill and 31st De-cemr 1766 - - - - 176 63

To D8, for victualling D° at Grenada > and Cariyacou, between ift Oct\

1766 and' 31st Dec,following - 794 13 —

To D°, for victualling D* at Grenada, Dominica, and Carriacou, between the ift of Janry. 1767 and

31st March following - - 1,280 9 9

To D°, for victualling D° at Tobago and S*. Vincent’s, between 31st

Dec 1766 and 30th of June 1767 ^,640 19 a

To D°, for victualling D° at Grenada and Carriacou, from ift

1767 to the 30th June follow* - 715 1 10

To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for victualling the Forces in Senegal, to 24th DeC 1766 - - - 401 12 4

To D°, for victualling D® in D°, by Way of Imprest, and upon Ac-oount .....2,500 — —

10,116 7 10

To Samuel Smith, Esquire, upon Account of Provisions sent by him to the Forces in Senegal - -

Voted on Account of victualling the Forces in N° America, the Ceded lllands, and Senegal, for the Year 1767 -

Remains to be provided for

1,991 12 4 1,500-----

65,842

34,3*6

12 I

5

To Meff" Fonnereau and Burrell, for victualling the Forces in Gibraltar, between 26th May 17 66 and 22d of following 1*996 — 7

To D", for victuallingD° in D8, between 23d June 1766

and 20th July following ----- 2,012 16 5

To , D°, for victualling FT in D% between 21st July

1766 and 17th Aug1 following - . - - - *,003 18 f

To P°, for victualling D° ihD\ between 18th of Aug

1766, and 14th Sep following - - - - 2,001 7 6

To U°, for 12 Months Insurance of Provisions, sent to

P° to 14th Sepr 1766 - - - - - 362 — - 5

To D8, for victualling the Forces in D8, between 15th Sepr 1766 and 7th Decemr following -To D8,’ for Victualling D8 m D8, between 8th Decemr

1766 and ift February 1767 - -

To P8, for victualling D8 in D8, between 2d Febry. 1767 qnd 29th March follow* - -

To'D8,' for victualling D8 in D8, between 30th March

1767 and 24th May following - -

To D*-, for victualling D8 in K>% between 25th May

1767 and 2 ill June following -To D8, for victualling D9 in D9, between 22d June 176 7 and 16th Aug following -To Meff" Fonnereau and Burrell, for victualling the

Forces in Gibraltar, between 17th Aug 1767 and 13th of Sepr following - -

8

6,364 15 4*3*5 4*369 *9 11

4»379 10 3 2,177 7 5

4*4i7 7

2,220 $ t

A. 1768.

d.

31,526 6 8

T«

190 January.

% Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

1767.

Deo 2d.

Kov 18th.

1767, Febry. 10th.

July 24th. OcloT 12th Decern? 2d.

*759- ,

y«/v3 ift.

1760. 03or 20th.

1761.

May 27th.

1764. Janry. 20th.

1766. Febry. 18th.

April2 2d.

August 31st.

Novr 12 th.

2 ill.

, *767.

Janry. gth.

23d. 28th. Janry. 28th.

Vox.. 31.

To D®, ior victualling D® in D®, between the 14th of Septr 1767 and 1 xth 03'following - £.2,173 15 7

To D°, for Infuran^e on Provisions sent to D° for One

Year to 13th of Sept' 1767 - 423 13 5

39»zi8 9 8

Deduct

Voted on Account of iSj'1’, victualling of to

24th Decern' 1766, being Lord North and Mr.

Cooke’s Proportion of that Year - 9,645. 14 6

Voted on Account of victualling

Gibraltar, for the Year 1767 - 19,238 14 10 ,

----- t-tt — ----- 28,884 9 4

Remains to be provided for ——

To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for Forage and Provisions, delivered to the Forces in the Ijk of Man, between the 29th of 1765 and 30th of cern' 1766, and for the incidental Charges relative

thereto - -.....1,104 6 10

To Dg, foF D°, delivered te D° in D®, between the 31st of Decern' 1766 and the 5thoL<f/>n7 1767, and for D®

relative thereto - - - 503 8 3

To D®, for D®, delivered to D° in D®, between 6th April 1767 and 2d July following, and for D# relative thereto - 404 18 2

To D°, for D®, delivered to D® in D% between the 3d of July 1767 and 2d 03o' following, and for D# relative thereto - 418101

To The? Cuthbert, Esquire, 365'" Pay, as a Supernumerary Capt" of Lord Geo. Beauclerk's Keg1 of Foot, from 25th June 1766 to 24th

1767 - - - - 182 10 —

To Rich* Carr, Esquire, 154'* D®, as D® in Lc Gen1 A'Court's D®, from 25th June 1766 to 25th

following - 77-----

To Sam-Lejlio, Esquire, 363d* Pay, as a Supernumerary Capt® of Major General Keppel's Reg1 of Foot, from 25th June 1766 to 24th June 176] - r ? 10 —

To Major Blaquire, 548" Pay, in lieu of a Troop of Light Dragoons, from 25th June 1766 to 24th Decern' 1767 - - - - 424 14 — -

To Major Rooke, 365^ Allowance, as Major to the late 98th Reef of Foot, from 25th of Deer 1766 to the 24th of Decern? 1767 -

To Mr. Munro, 548'" Pay, as Commirtary of Stores ia N° Britain,from 25th of June 1766 to D®

To Hugh Palliser, Esquire, 365*® Pay, as Governor of Newfoundland, from 25th 1766 to D®

To Mr. Meyrick, to be by him paid over to 8 Surgeons Mates of the 66th Reg1 of Foot, from 25th 1, 1766 to 24th of June 1767 -

To Col1 1Vm AmherJl, for 323"" Pay, as Aid de Camp to His Majesty, from 6th Aug1 1766 to 24th of June

To 1vm Wade, Esquire, 458*' Pay, as Major of the late 74th Reg* of Foot, from 23d Sept' 1761 to the 24th of Dfcenf 1762 -

*73 *5 —

*74-----

547 *0 —

*4t 7 3 176 19 8

114 10 —

To Col' Defmaretz, Commifiary for inspecting the Cunette Forts, and Batteries at Dunkirk, 183d®

Pay for himself and Secretary, from 25th June 1766 to 24th Decern' following - - - .640 10 —

To Mr. Adair, 365*’ Pay, as Inspector Gen* of the Hqf-

pitals, from 25th Decern? 1764 to 24th Decern' 1766 547 10 —

To L* Col1 Morrison, Quar Mart' Gen1 for 365* Pay of

his 2 Assistants, from D® to D® - - - 182 10 —

To Ensign Batch, for superintending the Service of forwarding Deserters, parting to and from Gr* Britain and Ireland, to their respective Corps, for $6 ft, from a5th Decern' 1765 to 24th of Decent? 1766 - 45 12 6

5*9

s. d.

io»334 — 4

M31 3 4

To

520

Dates of Warrants.

1767. Febry. nth.

19° Januarii.

A. 1768.

24 th. Mar. 13 th.

To Mr. Meyrick,to be by him paid over to 8 Extra. Surgeons Mates of the 66th Regim* of Foot, for their Pay, for from D* to D®

To Lieut1 Col1 Pringle, 291* Pay, as Commander at Loui/bourgh, from 15th July 1765 to the ift of

1766 - ....

To b\r. Meyrick, for the Pay of the Quarter Matter and Surgeon’s Mate, belonging to the 66th, 68th, and 70th Reg*’ of Foot, from the Time of th.?ir embarking in Ireland to the Time of their disembarking in North America -

To Lieutt CoI1 Campbell, to complete his Pay as Commandant in Jersey, from 26th April 1762 to 24th Decernr 1766 ——

To Mr. West, 34* Pay, as Secret* to the Commissioners for settling the German Claims, from 19th OS'-1766 to 21st Novrfollowing - -

To Majr Gen1 Harvey, for his addit1 Pay, as Adjut* Gen1 for 365d’, from 25th Deer 1765 to 24th De-

cembr 1766 - - - - -

To Col' Faucilt, gi*' Pay, as Commissary for settling the Accounts of the Prisoners of War, from 19th

-D«v 1766 to the 19th ofd/arcA 1767 455-----

7«<f24th. To D®, 91* D*, as D®, for D® Service, from 20th March 1767 to 18th June foil* - ... 435 — —

Oclr ii. To D®, 92* D° as D®, for D® Service, from 19th June 1767 to 18 th Septr following * 460-----

April 3d. zoth.

April nd. May 13 th.

15 th. 17th.

e

27 th. 29th.

June 12th.

24 th. June 26th.

’Jilt 31st.

To Hugh Palliser, Esquire, 316* Pay, as Governor of Neiqfoundland, from 12th Febry. 1766 to 24th Deer following ——

To Joshua Loring, Esquire, 485'" D®, as Comm iff* for superintending and expediting the building of Boats and Vessels on the Lakes in N° America, fi'om ill Janry. 1766 to 30th April 1767 -

To Lieu1 Gen* Francis Leighton, 689* addit1 Pay, as Governor of Fort William, from 25th of Decemr 176; to 13 th NovT 1763 -

To the Marquis of Granby, Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Forces, for 128* Pay of his Aids de Camp and Secretary, from 19th Aitguft 1766 to 24th

of Decern:following....

To Jonatli2 Mallett, Esquire, 145* Pay, as Surgeon to the Hospital in N° America, from 2d of Aug1 1766, to 24th Decemf following -

To Fredk Halsey, Esquire, 79* Pay, as Commissary in Germany, from 1 ft January 1762, to 2oth of March following -

To Thomas Halsey, Esquire, for One Year and ^gJ‘ Pay, as D® in D®, from ift of January 1762 to 28th of Febry. 1763 -

To Mr. Burlton, to be by him paid over to sundry Officers of the Hospitals who attended the Forces in Germany, between the 14th x>f 1761 and 24th Decemr 1762, including his own Pay for One Year ending iqthDecemr 1763 To D®, to be by him paid over to D® of D®, who attended D® in D®, from 25th of Decern 1762 to 24th Decemr 1763 -

To the Revd Mr. Carleton, for his Pay, for having acted as Chaplain to the Forces in Belle-isle, in the Years

1762 and 1763 - -

To the Executors of the late Capt" John Farmar, for his Pay as Fort Major at Mobille, from 20th OBr

1763 to 4th of Aug1 1765 - -

To MelP* Drummond and Cox, to be by them paid over to Surgeons Mates of the 36th Reg* of Foot, from 24th of Febry.4766 to 23d Febry. 1767

To Guy Carleton, Esquire, 22 Pay as L* Gov* of Quebec, from 16th May 1766 to 24th of December following -

To Major A*Leger, 1821*Pay, for superintend* the re-: cruiting Service, from 25th Dec* 1766 to 24th June 1767 -

£ *- d-484 i —

109 2 6

60 14 10

561-----

42 10 —

365 ~ —

i,37°-----

474-----

97° — —

229 13 4

320-----

72 10 — -

*37-----

1,272 — —

1,626 5 —

4,633 8 4

5°-----

130 16 — -246 9 6

m 10 —

159 5 —

To

Ti

8 Geo. III. 19

Dates of Warrants.

1767.

Aug 6th.

14th.

28th.

Aug* 28th.

OftoT 17th.

30th. Ft'ory. 24th.

20th.

March 13th.

17th.

26th.

To Peter Wolfe, Esquire, to make good the Deficiency of his Pay, as late Purveyor to the Garrison of loupe,from the 20th June 1759 to 14th 1763 To Col1 Defniaretz, Commissary for inspecting the Cunette, Forts, and Batteries at Dunkirk, for i82d* Pay for himself and Secretary, from 25th Decembr 1766 to 24th June 1767 -

To Major General Keppel, Parjloiv, and the Earl of Pembroke, for their Trouble and Expences in reviewing His Majesty’s Forces, during the Course of the Year -

To Donald Campbell, Esquire, for 36od* Pay, as Major to the late Ileg' of fencible Men of from

2d March 1762 to the 24th of 1763 -

To Mr. Ross, to be by him paid over to the Staff Officers of the 2d Batt" of the late 105th Regim* of Foot, to make good the Deficiency of their Pay to 3d May 1762 -

To D°, to be paid by him over to the Commissioned Officers of the late Reg' of fencible Men of -

J/tire,to make good a Deficiency of their Pay, previous to their Commencement on the Establishment To JojhuaLoring, Esquire, 163d* Pay, as Commissary

for l’uperintending and expediting the Building of Boats and Vessels on the Lakes in America, from 1 ft May 1767 to the nth of Otto' following -To Mr. Dyer, as a Reward for his Care and Trouble in examining and settling the Non-effettive Accounts of the Army -

i. d,

940 -

637-----

4,737 10 —

9°

121 1 6

136 16 n

330-----

goo-----

To the Royal Bank of Scotland, for 2 Years and a Half’s Allowance, ending at Christmas 1766, for furnishing Specie to the Troops serving in Scotland, for their Bills within the said Time, including the Lois by Exchange attending the same ----- 997 15 1

To Tho1 Lejlic, Esquire, Barrack Matter in

for Oatmeal, Firing, Candles, Skc. furnished to the Forces quartered in the Garrisons of William,

Cajile Duart, Fort Augustus and Fort George, and the Barracks of Bernara, Inverfnaid, Corgar and Braer-

mar, from 25th Decembr 1765 to 24th Decembr 1766 2,123 5 9

To Lord Geo. Beauclerk, Commander in Chief of the

Forces in North Britain, for the like Sum expended by him on divers Occasions, for the good of the Service in that Part of the Kingdom -To Wilt"Caulfield, Esquire, Inspector of the Roads and

Bridges in N° Britain, for his 35th Year’s Allowance, towards the Charges of surveying, repairing, and amending the OldRoads and Bridges in North Britain

£. s. d.

To D*, for the following Services; viz. 4,505 14 8

towards the Expences of the Roads and Bridges to be made and built in N° Britain, during the present Year, and .£.2,000, to be by him paid over to Lieu' Col1 Rickjbn, Deputy Quarter Matter General, upon

Account, towards the Expence of making a Road between Dumfries and Port Patrick in North Britain

300-----

g00-----

6,505 14 8

Januaiy28th. To Mr. Drummond, to be by him paid over to sundry Officers, to reimburse them the Losses they sustained by the blowing up the Magazines at Jamaica - -- -- - 209 16 I

May 27th. To Capt" Shaftoe, for 5 Mules and One Horse loll by him upon Service in Portugal, during the Course of the Campaign, in the Year 1762 - - - - 93 8 —

To Major Gen1 Clavering, to make good the Losses that Two Companies and a Detachment of his Regim* sustained, in the Wreck of the Pf/t Transport, on the 6th of August 1765, by the Non-commissi" Officers and Private Men - -- - 96126

To Lieu* Joseph Atkinson, of the late 86th Reg* of Foot, to reimburse him the Losses he sustained by the blowing up of the Magazine at Goree- - - 87 3 6

To HennjBullock, Esquire, to be by him paid over to several Officers of the 58th Reg' of Foot, for the Losses Vol. 31. 6R

June 12th.

Junei9th.

Aug 28th.

521

£ s. d.

22>9o8 *2 4

10,426 1-5 7

they

A. 1768.

522

Dates of Warrants*

1767.

08or 23d.

March -April 3d,

May 8th.

17th.

May 27 th. Novt 12th.

27th.

Janry. 9th.

May 20th. Aug-e28th,

Fcbry. nth.

27 th. March 13th.

06lr 23d. Augustnk.

19° yanuarii.

they sustained when taken by the Enemy in their Passage from New York to the Havanna To Major Gen1 Clavering, for Lodes sustained by Two Compa* and a Detachment of his Keg' of boot in the Wreck of the Pitt Transport, in the River Si* Lawrence, on 6th August 1765 -

To -Lord Townshend, to replace Accoutrements of his

Reg*, loft upon Service in the last \V ar

£ s. d.

120 3 3

9* 4 —

321 13 6

£ * d.

To the Earl of Albemarle, for the Difference of keeping in the Iloufc, in the Summer of 1766, sundry Horses of his Reg'of Dragoons 81 a —

To Lieu* Gen1 Cholmondeley, for the Difference of

keeping in the House, in D® Summer, sundry Horses

of his Reg' of D®..... 52 3 —

To the Earl of Ancram, for the Difference of keeping in the House, in D® Summer, sundry Horles of his

Reg' of D° - - -..... 48 16 6

To Col1 Burgoytie,in Consideration of the Expences in-

curred in extra Feeding for the Horses, and for Victualling and Necessaries for the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men of a Detachment of his Reg* of Dragoons, during the Time they were employed upon the Duty of the Royal Family, in the

Year 1766 ----- 300 -

To Major Gen1 Elliot, for the Difference of keeping in the House, in the Summer 17 66, sundry Horses of his Reg* of Dragoons - - - - 187 510

To D®, for the Difference of keeping in D®, in the Summer 1767, sundry D® of his D° - 495 17 —

To the Earl of Waldegrave, for the Difference of keep-

ing in the House, in D° Summer, sundry Horses of the 2d Reg'of Dragoon Guards - - - - 162 15 —

To Lieu' Gen1 Moftvn, for the Difference of keeping in the House, in D® Summer, sundry D° of the 1 ft Reg' of Drag" Guards ----- -- - 162

To Lieu Gen1 Hoioard, for the Difference of keeping in the House, in D® Summer, sundry Horses in his Regim' of Dragoons - - - - 157

To Col1 Burgoyne, for the Difference of keeping in the

House, in D® Summer, sundry Horses of his Reg* of Dragoons ----- 233 2 —

To the Earl of Pembroke, for the Difference of keeping in the House, in D® Summer, sundry Horses of his Reg* of Dragoons - - - 177 14 —

To Mr. Wauchope, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the

Forces serving in Plymouth Barracks - - - 500-----

To D®, en D* Account ----- 500-----

To D®, for providing and repairing divers Utenfds, Sic. for the Use of the Forces in the Barracks at Plymouth

Dock,from ift of July 1765 to 30th of June 1767 - 269 g n

To Capt" Brifac, for fumishing Coals and Candles to

the Forces serving in Chatham Lines - - 725x8

1,021 — I0

*5

IO

2,059 - 4

To Lieut Gen1 Armiger, to make good a Deficiency in the Assignm' of the Off-reckonings of his Reg* of Foot -To Mr. Lowe, to make good a D® in D® of the 36th Reg* of Foot, late under the Command of Lord Robert Manners -

To Sir That Wilson, to make good a D® in D® of the 21st Reg* of Foot, commanded by the Earl of Panmure ——

To Major Gen1 Monckton, in lieu of 353d* Off-reck*, for the Augmentation to his Reg* of Foot

1,094 n 7

372 — 4

212 19 4

32

[60

16 8

*9 7

O t I I

0 I) 11

IP D

To Col1 Scott, for Accoutrements, He. provided by him for the Augmentation to the 26th Regim* of Foot under hisCoinmand 129 8 —

To Meff" Cox and Drummond, for Accoutrem'% provided by them for D®, to the x oth Reg* of Foot, under the Command of Major Gen1 Sandford - 129 8 —

To D®, for Accoutrements, He. provided by them for D® to the 16th Reg* of Foot, under the Command of Col1 Gijbome - - - ... 123 a —

Tv

8 Geo. III.

190 Janti

Dates of Warrants.

1767. Otto'23 d.

To D*, for Accoutrements, SCc. provided by them s. d. for D# of the 18th iteg' of Foot under the Command of Maj. Gen1 Sir John Sebright - - - 129 8 —

To 14Pay of Major Gen* Saundford's Reg* of Foot, transferred from the Establishment of Ireland to that of the Forces serving in the Plantations, from 6th August 1767 to 24th Dec follow*, both inclusive, at

£ 29. 6.9. \od. per Diem

To 168*" D® of Col1 Gijborne's D®, transferred from D®

to D®, from the 10th of July 1767 to D®, at D® Rate -

To 165* D® of Col1 Scott'sD®, transferred from D® to D®, from 13th D® to D®, at D® Rate -To 167^ D® of Sir John Sebright's D®, transferred from D® to D®, from the nth July 1767 to D®, at D®

Rate.....-

To 243d* D® of an Augmentation to Major Gen1 Toovey'sReg* of Foot, from 25th Decemr 1766 to 24th o (Aug1 1767, at £.7. 7 6d. per Diem

To 243d* D® of an Augmentation to Maj. Gen1 Jloro's D®, from D® to D®, at D° Rate -To i92d‘ D° of an Augmentation to Maj. Gen1

ton's D®, from 25th August 1767 to 24th Deem'fol-

lowing, at 1.

139. 6d. per Diem -

To which may be applied,

14 id® Pay of Lieu* Gen1 s Reg* of

Foot, transferred from the EAablishment of the Forces in the Plantations to that of Ireland, from the 6th of A tig1 1767 to the 24th of

follow*, at the Rate of £. 29.6s. 1 od- £. s. d.

per Diem - - - 4,137 3 6

i68d* D® of Lord Toionjhs D®, transferred from D® to D®, from iotli July 1767 to D®, at D®

Rate ----- 4,929 8 — -

165*" D® of Col* Howe's D®, transferred from D® to D®, from 13th D® to D®, at. D® Rate - - 4,841 7 6

167*" D® of Lord John Murray's D", transferred from D® to B", from nth D® to D®, at D®

Rate -

4»i37 3 6

4,929 8 —

4,841 7 6

4,900 1 2

1.792 . 2 6

1.792 2 6


204 7 —

22,596 12 2

4,90°

Difference

18,808 — 2

1767- ,

Jamy. 23d.

Febnj. 6th.

11 til. March 10th. 13th-

April29th. Vol. 31

To Mr. Collins, Deputy Surveyor Gen1 of Quebec, for sundry Expences attending the fixing the Boundaries between that Province and the Province of New York, on the Lakes Champlain and Francis To Mr. Trotter, for 50 Sets of Hospital Bedding, for the Use of the Forces at S‘ Aitgujline -

To Capt" Schomberg, for the Maintenance of Seven Indian Chiefs in North

America -

To Col1 Defmaretz, Commissary for inspecting the Cunette, Forts, and

Batteries at Dunkirk, for contingent Disbursements, from 25th cern' 1765 to 24th Decern* 1766 -

To Men'" Nicoll and Powell,to reimburse them the like Sums, which they had advanced to Three reduced Companies, late belonging to the 7 2d and 75th Reg" of Foot, or Invalids, in the Year 1766 -

To MeiT" Mayne, Bume, and Maynes, for Loss by Exchange, Brokerage, and Commission on £. 6,000 furnished by them for the Use of the Forces serving in Portugal ——

To Mr. Rice, Surveyor of the Horse Guards, for Work done at the Tilt

Yard, Scotland Yard, Somerset House, S‘ James's, Whitehall, Kensington, and Hampton Court, during the Year 1766 -

To Major Gen1 Harvey, for his contingent Disbursements, as Adjutant General, for One Year, ending at D® - -

To Cap. Barnsley, to reimburse him sundry Expences incurred for the Service of the 60th Reg* of Foot -

To Lieut* Col* Morrijon, for his contingent Disbursements as Quarter Mailer General, for 365d,» to 24th Dec 1766 -

c

511

3>788

iji

96

i5°

67

343

140

1,904

372 193

344

523

r. d.

6 —

12 —

16 — 12 2

12 6 4 6 7 6

13 4 *3 —

9 —

18 — To

524 I9 Januarii. A. 1768,

Dates of Warrants.

1767.

May 27th. To Capt" Douglas,late Paymaster to the 25th Reg* of Foot, for Monies expended by him for the Use of the said Reg* when in Germany, during the Years 1760, 1761, and 1762 -

June 17th. To Capt" Lynn, for the Freight of £. 21,000 received on Board His Majesty’s Ship the Roebuck, under his Command, in the West Indies, in the Year 1759 -

June 22d. To Col1 Grant, for the Purchase and keeping up of a Schooner for the Service of the Province of E aft Florida, from 29th Aug 1766 to the 29th of August 1767 -

July 24th, To Geo. Gamier, Esquire, for Medicines, Drugs, Surgeons Inhruments, Sic. provided by him for the Use of the Forces in the West Indies, Africa, Sic. in the Years 1766 and 1767 -

31st. To Roll Adair, Esquire, to reimburse him several Sums of Money paid on Account of the Hospitals in Great Britain and North America, and for other incidental Expences incurred for the Service of the said Hospitals -To Major S'Leger, Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, for Monies expended by him for Clerks, Pottage of Letters, Stationary Wares, Sic. -Aug 13th. To Amable Do6t, for his faithful Services in having kept Possession (by Order of Tufton Mason, Esquire, late Governor of of Fort S' Joseph,

at Gallam in Africa, for the Space of 14 Months -20th. To Mr. Calcraft, to make good a Deficiency in His Majesty’s Proportion of 1,283^ Chaldrons of Coals delivered at Gibraltar, for the Use of that Garrison ——

28th. To Mr. Clements, to be by him paid over to several Reg*, from which Drafts were made, to augment Lieu* Gen1 s Reg', in order to

enable them to replace the same -

To John Powell, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Proportion of Coals delivered at Gibraltar, for the Use of that Garrison, in Nov" and Decan' 1764 and January 1765 -

To D*, for His Majesty’s Proportion of D°, delivered at D®, for the Use of D", in the Years 1766 and 1767 -

31st. To John Campbell, Esquire, for the Hire of a Scout Boat employed in carrying Forces from S° Carolina to Georgia, between 28th of May 17 66 and 27th May 1767 -

Sept. 3d. To John Uring, Merch', for the Hire of a Snow, employed as a Transport, to carry Stores from Louijbourg to Quebec, in the Year 1759 25th. To Mr. Clements, for Monies advanced by him, to make good a Deficiency in the Recruiting Funds of the 44th and 49th Regiments of Foot, upon their landing in Ireland -

061' 17th. To Meff" Scott and Slevenfon, for the Passage of 260 discharged Men of the 53d and 54th Regiments of Foot, from Gibraltar to England 30th. To Mr. Buttar, to make good the Loss he sustained by the Ship Liverpool, pressed into our Service, and which was taken by the in Newfoundland, in the Year 1762 1-----

Xoif 18th. To Capt" Popham, late Paymaster of the 79th Reg* of Foot, to repay the Interest of Sums taken up. for the Subsistence of the Forces employed in the East Indies, and upon the Expedition to the Manillas To Lieut* Col1 Prevojl,to make good a Deficiency in the non-effective Fund of the Royal American Reg* of Foot....

War-Office, 19th January, 1768.

£ d. 18 2

210 — __ 3i5 — -1,706 2 10

1,000 — — 1 11 to 10

105 —

*56 14 6

855-----

1,850 3 6

1,906 xo —

349 17 5 522 13 6

U153 11 6 546-----

491 11 7

9x6 7 n

400 3 1

I99>988 4 2

Barrington.

Expiring

Laws.

Ordered, That the said Accountdo lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Stuffner, Mr. Wal/h, Mr. Montagu, Mr. , Mr.

Morant, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Mr. Milles, Mr.

Fuller, Lord Grey, Mr. Paterjon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Comvay, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Calcraft, Lord

14

Clare, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Gray, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Dyjon, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr Lord Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ne/bift, S\r William Lord George Sackville, Sir Edward Winvinglon, Lord Browvloio Bertie, Sir Charles BunburyMr. Ewer, Lord

Orwell, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Bejl, M S\rWilliam

Baker, Mr. Bindley, Mr. FoleyMr. Mr. Cal-

vert, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Pratt, Sir Gilbert Elliot and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account

9

Account; Duties on Wheel Carriages.

East India Company's Dividends.

Answer to Addref* for Account.

East India Company's Dividends.

High Price of

Pcovifiom.

8 Geo. III. 19"- — 20°

count of the Produce of the Duty on Coaches, Chaises,

and other Wheel Carriages, for Seven Years last pall; Mercuriij 20* die;

distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing the several

Sorts of Carriages upon which the said Duty has arisen. Anno 8* Georgii III^ Regis, 1768.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of Prayers.

England, trading to the East Indies, was presented to (\RDThat Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Tavidock the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti- U rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, tioners humbly conceive that the Power of declaring Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this pre-Dividends upon their Capital Stock is, by their Char- sent Parliament for the Borough of in the

ter, vested in their General Courts, and that the Re- County of in the room of the Right honourable

gulations already established by the Legislature, will, Richard Rigby, who since his Elediou for the said Boat all Times, be sufficient to prevent an improvident roUgh, hath accepted the Office of ViceTreasurer, and Use being made of such Power, and that the Petitioners Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His have been greatly misreprescnted, if an Impression has Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland. been made on the House, that they are capable of declaring Dividends, for their own Benefit, which are not Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts conformable to the Stipulations contained in the Acts Account of all Public Debts at the Receipt of His Ma- Public Debts, of Parliament relating to the Petitioners, or in their jetty’s Exchequer, Handing out on the 5th Day of Ja-Charter, and their Obligat ions to t heir Creditors; and nuary 1768, with the annual Interest, or other Charges, they beg Leave to allure the House, that they will payable for the fame, make no Increase of their Dividends, unless the Situation of their Affairs shall afford ample Conviction A Petition of the Gentlemen, Graziers, and others. Monopoly that, in Justice and Prudence, they will be warranted Feeders of Cattle of the Eastern Part of the County of of Cattle, in so doing: And therefore, relying upon the Protec- Somerset at a numerous Meeting held at Yeovill, in the tion of the House, in the Support of their jult Rights said County, the 8th Day of January 1768, was predelegated to them by their Charter, most humbly hope fented to the House, and read; Complaining of the the House will fee no Necessity for passing the present very high Pricesof Flesh Meat, which, they apprehend.

Bill now depending for rellraining the Dividends to be are in a great Measure occasioned by the excessive made by the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners Monopoly of Cattle, so prejudicial to the fair Trader, may be heard, against the fame, by thenilelves or and which is become so general in the Western Coun-their Counsel. ties, that veiy few Oxen can be bought by the Peti-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the tioners for Feeding, but what have patted through Table. Five or Six Hands from the Breeder to the Feeder,

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay be- which has advanced the Price near Forty per Cent.; fore this House, a Copy of the Proceedings of the that the Petitioners cannot Hock their Lands without General Courts of the said Company upon Wednesday buying of those Jobbers, who will have such immode-the 23d Day of December last, and upon Wednesday rate Prices for them, that many Oxen have been the 13th Day of this Inliant January. bought of the Breeders by those Monopolizers at rea*

sonable Prices, and have by them been sold to the Gra- Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Ad- zier, in a few days after, at the advanced Price of Two dress of Friday last. That His Majesty would be gra- and Three Pounds per Ox, and which have not yielded ciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account the Grazier at Market, for Forty Weeks

therein mentioned might be laid before this House, Feeding, above Twenty Shillings Ox more than had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Ma- they boll, and yet have been fold very dear; and that jesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that the present Law for preventing such Monopoly is He will give Directions accordingly. found defective; And expressing the Hopes of the Petitioners, That the House will take that important Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Matter into their moll serious Consideration, and proto resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, vide such speedy and effectual Means for redressing upon the Bill for further regulating the Proceedings those Grievances as they shall think most proper, of the United Company of Merchants of England Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the trading to the East Indies, with respect to the making Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-of Dividends, be now read. mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with

And the said Order being read accordingly; their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday And it is referred to Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Cakraft, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fid-whole House, upon the said Bill. ler, Mr. Seymour, Sir George Savile, Mr.

Ordered, That the Chairman and Deputy Chairman Mr. Mr. Drake, Lord Clare, Mr. Gray, Mr.

of the East India Company do, upon Thursday Morn- Walter, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gore,

ing next, attend the Committee of the whole House, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Grey, Mr. Mel-

to whom the Bill for further regulating the Proceed- UJh, Mr. Brand, Mr. Wilson, Sir Charles

ings of the United Company of Merchants of England, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Herne, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Legh, Mr. trading to the East Indies, with respect to the making Drai, Mr. Mr. Ward, Mr. Ougley, Mr,

of Dividends, is committed. Gilbert, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Mr.

Ordered, That John Manship, Esquire, do attend the Lane, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vane, Mr. Kynaston s and all

said Committee, at the same Time. the Members who serve for the Counties of Somtrfet,

Dorset, Wilts, and Devon: And they are to meet this The other Order of the Day being read; Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Resolved, That tl\js House will, upon Friday Morning Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Pa-next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, pers, and Records; and all who come to the Com-to consider further of the several Acts passed in the last mittee are to have Voices.

Session of Parliament, relative to Corn and Provisions.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Graziers, and others, Ditto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Feeders of Cattle, in the County of Dorset, at a very Morning, Nine of the Clock. numerous Meeting held at Sturminster Cajtle,

in the said County, the Thirteenth Day of January Vol. 31. 6 S 1768

5 26 20° — 2i* Januarii. A, 1768.

1768, was also presented to the House, and read;Containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the preceding Petition.

Monopoly A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, assembled at ° . their General Quarter Session for the County of Cawle. anj oi' ljie Gentlemen of the Grand Inquest, and

of other Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the f'dd County, was also presented to the House, and fead; Setting forth. That the illegal Practices of Drovers of Cattle enhance the Price thereof; and that, for want of One uniform Standard of Weight and Measure, and of a better Regulation of the Markets, throughout the Kingdom, many People eurich themselves at the Expence of the Poor; and that the great Increase of late Years in the Breed of Horses, is a Check to the Breed of Horned Cattle, and consequently contributes to raise the Price: And therefore praying the House, to take into Consideration the several Laws now in being, with respect to those several Practices, and to make such Amendments, Additions, and Alterations thereunto, as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Graziers, and others. Feeders of Cattle, of the Eastern Part of the County of SomerJ'et, at a numerous Meeting held at Yeovill, in the said County, the Eighth Day of January 1768, is referred.

Distrcffed A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in Ivelchester Debtors. Gaol, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Militia Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to pre-Estimate. pare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-ing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and of the Amount of Twenty-eight Days Snbfiltance for the Commission Officers of the said Militia under the Rank of Major, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1768:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Prvfe Campbell, Mr. Onjlozc, Lord BeauMr. Blachstone, Mr.

Comcay, Lord North, Sir George Savile, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mr. Doxv-

deficcll, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr.

Codes, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Mr. Ward, Mr.

Ongley, Mr. Fonncreau, Mr. Legh, Mr. Loivndes, Mr. Gilbert, "Sir. Milles, Mr. Drake, Mr. LaJ'celles, Colonel Fitzfoy, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Bacon, Lord Grey, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Walpole, Lord Burgher/h, Mr. Hexedt, Mr. Vane, Mr. Fane, Mr. Lane, Mr. Delaval,

Sir Charles Cornish, Sir Charles Tyntc, General

Irwine, Lord George SMr. Brand Sir Gilbert Elliot, Sir John Molefco Mr. Mr. James

Grenville, Mr. Martin, Mr. Smith, Sir John:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Salted An ingrossed Bill to continue and amend an Act, Provisions, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1?

The Orders of the Day befng read;

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Friday Mom- Way* ingnext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *n"Me4M' House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 21* die Januarii \

Anno 8* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

f \ R D E R E D, That Leave be given to move the friwt* House, Tomorrow, that any Private Business may ®u^lld5' be entered upon in the House after Two of the Clock.

Mr. Loxvndes presented to the House, according to Harcinjfloo Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from, &c-The Way Post, in the Parish of in the County of Northampton, to Old Stratford, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bydc reported from the Committee, to whom Hertford the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, assembled at Shire the General Quarter Session of the Peace for the County of Hertford, and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal inhabitants of the said County, w hose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Jerome Knapp, Esquire, Clerk of the Assize for the Home Circuit, being examined, said. That the present Shire House of the County of Hertford, is extremely small and inconvenient: That the Court on the Crown Side is very bad; and that on the Nisi Prius Side so cold, that the Judges cannot fit there in the Lent Circuit.

Mr. John Hall, Under Sheriff of the County of Hertford, confirmed Mr. Knapp's Evidence.

Mr. James Adams, Architect, being examined, said.

That the present Shire House is an ancient Building, very ruinous and incommodious: and it is necessary that the same should be taken down and rebuilt.

Mr. William llanfcombe Carpenter, being examined,

confirmed Mr. Adams's Evidence:

And Mr. Adams added. That if certain Messuages,

Sheds or Shambles, now Handing near the present Shire House were taken down, a commodious Shire House may be built there.

Ordered, That Leave be given to'bring in a Bill for taking down the present Shire House, in the Market Place of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, and for building a new one on a more extensive and commodious Plan, in the Market PJaee of the said Town: And that Mr. Byde, Mr. John Calvert, Mr, Houblon, Mr. Cafioall, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Smith do carry to the Lords the Bitb ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to liceufe a Play- Thcitf*-houf2, in the City of Bath, and desire the Concurrence «f their Lordships theretq.

A Pe-

Sernd>

&c.

Road.

Bridlington

Indolurc.

Huddersfield,

Ac.

Road*

8 Geo. III. 21 ° Januarii 527

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, I^md Owners and Inhabitants of the Counties of Somersetand w as presented to

the Mouse, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented from the Trustees of an Act pafl'ed in the Twenty-fifth Year of his Jate Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Green ,in the Chapelry of Seend,in the County of Hilts, and other Roads therein mentioned; and of divers of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution another Act, passed in the same Year, for repairing and widening the Roads from Tinhcad Hill,to the Round Stone in Trowbridge,

and other Roads therein mentioned, and to repair several other Hoads in the said Petition mentioned; and that the Road from The Red Po/l, in the Pari Hi lozv, in the said County of to join the Bath

Turnpike Road, near Ilallitroxu Bridge, in the Parish of High Littleton, in the said County, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and cannot be sufficiently amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary course of Law: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner asshall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Mouse:

And it is referred to Sir James I-ong, Mr. Shi finer. Sir Gilbert. Elliot, Mr. Brand, Mr. -Montagu, Mr.

Mr Bindley, Mr Fonncreau, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr.

Culvert, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Bull, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Fane, Mr. Martin, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Vane, Mr. Abcrcromby, Mr. Smith, Lord Dozvne, Sir \V illiam Meredith, Mr. Mi lies, Mr Mr.

Bootle, Sir George Colcbrooke, M Mr

herbert, Mr. Lowndes, General Irtvine, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Pennant, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Alor ant. Air. Fuller, Mr. Waller, Mr. Evelyn; and all the Alemhers who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Wills, Dorset, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Lands, Grounds, Aleadows, Paftu res. Commons, and Wallcs, within the Township of Bridlington, in the Fall Riding of the County of York, and for extinguish- ing the Right of Common, or Average, upon certain ancient Inclosures within the fameTownship, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Savile, Mr. Gore, Air Lascelles, Mr. Bull, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Milles, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Penton, Alr. Stuff nor, Mr. Brand, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Drake, General Irvine, Mr. Air. Vane, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Loivndes, Mr. Gray, Nfv Luttrell, Mr. Burt,

Air. Of void. Lord Clare, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Doicne, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Alontagu, Mr. PreJ'cutt, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Bradshaw, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Dyfun, Mr. Seymour, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Fuller; and all the Alemhers who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, H'ef/norland, and And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, principal Tradesmen, and others, residing in, or near

Vol. 31.

the several Towns of Huddersfield, Lodcwood, bury, South Crofland, Henley, Netherthongue, -thongue, Auftonby, and Holm, in the West Riding of

York, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

James Crof land, being examined, said. That the Road leading from Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Woodhead, in the County of Chester, and from thence to Entercbug Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby,is about Fourteen Miles in Length, and is very much out of Repair, and the greatest Part of it is no Carriage-way: That if the whole of the said Road was made paifable for Car-_ riages, and put into good Repair, it would open a more convenient Communication with the Counties of and Chester, which would be of great public Utility; but that the fame- cannot be efie&ed by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Road from Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Woodhead, in the Comity Palatine of Chester, and from thence to a Bridge over the River Alcrfey,called Entercbugh Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby: And that Mr. Lafcelbs, Sir George Savib, and Air. Lewis, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Clare, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, by His Ma- c°lonul jesty’s Command, Settlements.

Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1768: Andalfo,

Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1768: And also,

Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1767 to the 24th of June 1768: And also,

Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of EafiFbrida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1767 to the 24th of June 1768: And also,

Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and ether incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1767 to the 24th of June 1768: Andalfo,

Estimate of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa, situate between the Port of Sallee, in South Barbary, and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1768.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth;

ESTIMATE

A. 1768.

ai° Januarit.

E ST IM AT E of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty's Dominions in North America,

for the Year 1768.

\ To an Allowance for a Deputy Surveyor of Lands at , during the Time the Chief Surveyor is employed in making Surveys in other Parts of the Northern District £. s. d. 100

To a Deputy Surveyor and Assistants, at ior. per Day, and to Two Assistant Surveyors, at 7 s. per Day each ----- 437

To make good the Allowance of tof. per Day for a Deputy Surveyor, for the Year 1767, omitted in the last Estimate - 182 to —

To One Draftsman, at 5 s. per Day ----- 91 5

To an additional Pay of if. 8 d. per Day to One Serjeant; if. per Day to One Corporal; and 6 d.per Day to Twelve private Men, to assist in such Survey, and to serve as Camp, Colour and Chain Men, and to make Signals along Shore, and on the Tops of Mountains - -- -- I55

To extraordinary Expences for Horses, Guides, 8Cc. ----- 100

To an Allowance to the Chief Assistant Surveyor, for his particular Merit and Diligence in the Survey of the Islands of Si. John, Cape Breton, and Anlicojti, and towards defraying his Expences in bringing over the Survey of the last mentioned Island 70

To the like Expences and Allowances, for the Survey of the Southern District 700 17 —

To an Allowance upon Account, for Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and upon the Issue of the Monies granted upon this Estimate - - - 200

£ 2,036 14 —

ESTIMATE of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s

Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1768.

s.

To an additional Salary to the Governor -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice -

To the Salary of the Attorney General....

To the Salary of the Secretary, for himself and Clerks - -

To the Salary of the Naval Officer -

To the Salary of the Register - ....

To the Salaries of the Surveyor and Deputy Surveyor of Lands, and for other contingent Expences attending that Establishment -

To the Salaries of a Secretary, and Messenger to the Council -

To the Hire of a House, and other contingent Expences attending the Secretary’s Office -

To a Salary to the Treasurer....

To a Salary to the Agent for the Affairs of the Province -

To sundry Stipends and Allowances, for House Rent to the Ministers and School Mailers, in the different Districts of the Province ——

To an Allowance for Fire "Wood, for the Use of the Governor’s House, and Public Offices

9 t

To the Expence of the Pilot Boat ——

To the Expence of the Orphan House -

To an Allowance for Six Months, for sundry Eliablilliments at

500-----

500-----

100 -

262 10 — 182 10 — 182 to —

3*t »5 — 96 12 — 52 6 —

5°-----

200 -

470-----

288 15 — 203 1 —

384 1 5

101 t 6

3»895 1 11

ESTIMATE

8 Geo. III. a i0 Januarii. 5 29

t

ESTIMATE of the Civil Eitiblishment of His Majesty’* Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1767 to the 24th oi June 1763.

To the Salary of the Governor - - '

To the Salary of the Chief Justice - - - - <* - - .‘

To the Salary of the Secretary - - - -

To the Salary of the Clerk of the Aflertibly -

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents -

To the Salary of the Attorney General ——

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal -

To an Allowance for a Miuifter of the Church of England, and Two Schoohnafiers To the Salary of the Agent for the Affairs of the Colony - -' -

To an Allowance to the Pilot stationed at the Mouth of Savannah River, with a Boat and fu/Iicient Hands - - - - -' -

To an Allowance for Contingent Expences -

To a Continuation of the Provisions made by the late Trustees, for purchasnig from the Growers the Balls or Cocoons of Raw Silk, as an Encouragement to the Growtli and Culture of it - ....

C d

1.000-----

5°° — *-

loo — —

20 —

I5o ~ —

100 —

15° — — 1 100-----

1 iG — —

200-----

5o-----

560-----

1,000-----,

3»986-----

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1767 to the 24th of June 1768.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief. -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice -

To the Salary of the Attorney General ——

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council -

To the Salary of the Register -

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands ——

do an Allowance for an Assistant ——

To the Salary of the Agent -

To a Miniitcr at St. Augustine - . ——

To a Milliner at St. Mark's ——

To a Sc! lool.iialter at each of the above Places, £.25 each -To an Allowance for a Pilot, established at St. Augustine To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences - -

To an Allowance for the Purchase of a proper AlVortment of Goods, for Presents to the Indians r

c

£. s. d.

1,200-----

5°o-----1

!50-----

150-----

too-----«

120-----

JO-----

200 -

ICO-----

too-----

50-----

5°-----

I, OCO ——

1,000 ----- — 1►

4>75°-----

VOL. 31.

ESTIMATE

53

2i" Jattuarii.

A. 1768.

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of , and other incidental

Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1767 to the 24th of June 1768.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief ‘ «

To the Salary of the Chief Justice ....

To the Salary of the Attorney General

To the Salary of the Secretary aQd Clerk of the Council.

To the Salary of the Register

To the Surveyor of Lands -To an Allowance to an Assistant

To the Salary of the Agent - -

To the Salary of a Minister at Pensacola.

To the Salary of a Minister at Mobile....

To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, at £. 25 each -

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal -

To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences -

To an Allowance for the Purchase of a proper Assortment of Goods, for Presents to the Indians -

£ * d.

1,200 -

5OO-----

15°-----

*5°-----

100-----

120-----

30-----

200 --- —

lOO-----

IOO — —

50-----

loo-----

600-----

1,000 -

I-

4,400-----

ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa, fttuate between the Port of , in South

and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1768.

To a Salary to the Governor -

To a Salary to the Chief Justice -

To a Salary to the Superintendent of Trade at James , in the River Gambia

To a Salary to the Secretary of the Province.- -

To an Allowance to Two Ministers - - -

To an Allowance for a Schoolmaster at St. Lewis -

To a Salary to the Secretory for Moorish Affairs -.

To an Allowance for Repair of Forts, and other contingent Expences -

To the Expence of an armed Sloop, to be employed under the Command of the Governor

To a Salary to an Agent for the Affairs of the Province -

£ sd.

1,200 -

400 -

200 -

200 -

200 -

50-----

IOO-----

2,000 -

1,000 -

200 -

56-5°-----

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Hook Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom Iadofure. the Pet ition of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements, within the Manor and Township of Hook, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of tire said Petition > and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. George Richardson, being examined, said, That there are several Open Fields and Lands, within the Manor

of Hook; the Property wherein is at present dispersed and inconveniently situated for the Owners thereof.

That the said Lands are at present subject to be overflowed by the Rivers Ouse and Dunn; and that if the said Lands were divided and inclosed, and Provision made for maintaining the Banks of the said Rivers, the Estates of the several Persons within the said Manor would be thereby considerabry improved.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Stinted Pasture, Moor, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Hook, in the W eft Riding of the County of York , and for maintaining the Banks within the said Manor and Township: And that Mr. Lafctlks and Sir George Sen ile do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill


8 Geo. III. $i° yannum. 531

Maid/tone

Road.

Ditto*

A Sill -to enlarge Sire Term And Powers granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, an Act for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone, at the upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of in the County of Kent, to a certain Place, called La!ce, in the

Parilli of Cranbrooke,in the said County, was read a

Second Time.

Re/'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Fuller, Lord Downe, General Inome, Mr. Calcrqff, Mr. Fonnereau, Lord

George Sackville, Sir Brook Bridges, Mr. Mr.

Gore, Mr. Toumfend, Mr. Brand, Mr. Martin, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Vane, Sir George Saoile, Mr.

Montagu, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr.

Mr. Dodd, Mr. Morant, Mr. Gray, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Fitzmaurioe, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Drummond, M.r. Hayes, Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Thrale, Sir James Long, Mr. Sulivan; and sill the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Svjfex, Essex, and Southampton;

and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, that the Petition of divers Owners, and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements, within the several Parishes of Leeds, Smarden,

Sutton Valence, Langly , Ulcomb, Loft Sutton, and several oilier Parishes lying contiguous or near to a High Road, leading from the before mentioned Parishes to the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, which was presented to the House upon Saturday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill should be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

flow Grounds, and Common 'Fcn.in the Parlfhof ton, in the County of Lincoln; and for-draining and Improving the said Fen: And that Lord BrownUnv Bertie, Mr. Coutts, Lord Robert Bertie, and Ml*. do

prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Mr. Cakraft presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor of ’ Mor den,is the County of And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Refdved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

A Bill for enlarging and continuing the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of his fete Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sunderland near the Sea, to the City Of in the County of Durham, was read a Second Time.

Refoked, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vane, Mr. Paterjbn, Mr.jFuller, Mr Mr. Alderman

Jord, Mr. Moi'mt, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Onslow, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Mr. Brand, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Hopkins, Mr.

Mr. Totmjhend, Mr. Bootle, Sir George Savile, Mr. Thrale, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Thurktv, Sir Charles Kcmys Tynte, Mr. Ridley, Mr. MeUish, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Cust, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Dyfim, Sir Robert Ladbroke, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, Lane after,

and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Gilbert Elliot presented to the Hoofe-, according to Order, a Bill for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Roxbur: And the fatae Whs received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Mr. Wilbraham presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for making a Chapel lately erected by William Wright, Esquire, in the Township of Stockist, and County and Diocese of Chester, a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and for endowing the fame: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Morton

loclosure.

rfrf

r> 11*

a i'-1-

10-

iff ;!

v

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, t,o whom the Petition of the Right honourable Brozcidow Earl of Exeter, Lord of the Manor of Morton, in the County of Lincoln, and the humble Petition of the Reverend John Hewthwaite, Vicar of the Parish of Morton

aforesaid, Theophilus Buckworth, and John Esquires, Thomas Taylor, and John Hyde, Gentlemen, and others, Proprietors of Lands within the said Parilli of Morton, whoseNames are thereunder subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petit ion, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Dyer, being examined, said. That there are federal Open Common Fields and Meadow Grounds, in the said Parish of Morton, and also a Common Fen, belonging to the said Parish, which is frequently overflowed, which contain together Four thousandand Four hundred Acres, or thereabouts, and that the Lands of the Proprietors in the said Open Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels; and that it would be a great Advantage to the Parties interested, if Power was given for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said Fields and Meadows, and Common Fen, and imbanking and draining the said Fen.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Mea-VOL. 31.

Mr. Pat erf on reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the High Streets, called Holywell Street, Church End, and Part of -

land Road, in the Parish Of Saint Leonard in the County of Middlesex, leading from Norton Fal-gate, to the Cherry Tree in King si and Road, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Streets; and also the Petit ion of several of the Trustees appointed to put in execution the several AftsoFParliament, for repairing the Road from Shdredilch Church, through Hackney, to Stamford Hill, and erol’s Cambridge

Heath, over Bethnal GteeU, to the Turilpike at Mile End in the Coutity of Middlefct j and also) the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch,\x\ the County of Ms and also the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put into Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, for 6]>enihga Road f’rottt Shoreditch to Bethnal Green, alid paving the Streets leading thereto, in behalfof the saidTrt»ft»and the levtffal Inhabitants and Persons interested therein; Were severally referred; That the Committee <hnd examined the Matter of the First and Third-mentioned Petitions (no Person appearing in behalfof the S°cond and Fourth-mentioned Petitions) j and had directed him to' report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; dnd he read the Report in his Place; find afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same WaS read; and is as followeth Pit.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Willatri Tyfer, Esquire, being examined, said, Th&t the Streets

called

larded

Inclosure.

Sunderland

to

Durham

Roadi

Roxburgh

Roads.

Stockport

Chapel.

Shoreditch

Streets,

532

ai* Jatiuarii. A. 1768.

cal!ed HolywellStreet, ChurchEnd, and Part of

Road, in the Parish of Saint Leo are very ill paved, insomuch that Carriages cannot pass without great Danger;. and that there are several Incroaehments and Annoyances, by Polls, Signs, Gutters, and otherwise: And,

Mr. William Goodman, being examined, said, That there was a Public Meeting of the Inhabitants, pursuant to Notice given for that Purpose, at which Meeting all present agreed to a Tax of Nine Pence in the Pound, for remedying the Inconveniences aforesaid; and,

Mr. — Wyatt, being examined,laid, That the Lane called HolywellLane,is very badly paved, and greatly

annoyed by Spouts, Gutters, Polls and Steps, projecting into the Footway; and that there is also a House, at the North East Corner of the said Lane, which is frequently the Cause of Carriages being overturned, which Inconveniences, if removed, would render the said Lane more commodious, and be of public Utility; and that the several other Places, mentioned in the Petition, are very narrow, badly paved, and dangerous to Passengers, and Annoyances and Incroaehments frequently happen thereon:*

And he further said, That the fixing a Turnpike between Shoreditch Church and tin: North Side of Green Road, to collect a Halfpenny for every Horse passing through the Anne, would,> together with the Tax of Nine Pence in the Pound, be fuincient to aul'wer the aforesaid lhirpoles.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets and other Places in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlefei; and for preventing Annoyances therein: And that M r. and

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Arnold’s Mr. Hujke reported from the Committee, to whom

N»me. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for; continuing, establishing, and confirming, the Surname and Arms of Wallinger, unto John formerly

called John Arnold, and his Issue, pursuant to the Will of John Wallinger, his late Uncle, deceased, wras committed, That the Committee had examined the Allega-. tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill, to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hujke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Glasgow Mr. Edmonstone reported from the Committee, to

Exchange, whom the Petition of the Magistrates and City Council c’ of Glasgow, on behalf of themselves and the Community

of the said City, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Robert Mackcll, being examined, said. That the Magistrate-s and City Council of Glajgoiv, have built a new Church, called St. Andrew's Church; that it is necessary there shoukl not only be a commodious Passage to the said Church, from the Salt Market Street, but also that the Area or Church Yard of the said Church should be enlarged.

That a 1 own Hall hath been erected near the Cross of Glajgoiv-, and that it would be of great Benefit to the said City, to have,near the said Town Hall, an Exchange for the Use and Retort of Merchants and others, for which Purpose several old Houses and Areas have been

purchased, but not fufucient for building the said Exchange.

Then an Act made in the gad Year of his late Majesty King George the 2d, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde,to the Citv of Glajgoiv, and for build-

ing a Bridge across the said River, from the said City, to the Village of G or bells, was read, w'hereby it appear-' ed, that the Magistrates and City Council of were impowered to build a Bridge across the said River, and to levy certain Tolls for the Passage thereof:

And Mr. Mackellinformed your Committee,-That

the Payment of the said l olls cannot be secured unlel’s the Fords of the River near the Place where the Bridge is to be built be flopped up or destroyed, for which the said Act does not make any Provision.

Mr. John Ingram confirmed the Evidence of Mr.

Mackcll.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and widening a Passage, or Street, from the Salt Market Street, in the City o t Gla

Church in the said City; and for enlarging and completing the Church Y’ard of the said Church; and for making and building a convenient Exchangein the said City; and also for explaining and amending an Act passed in the Thii ty-second Year of his late Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the Cit y of Glasgow, and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City, to tire Village of G or bells;

And that Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Pennant, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. Daniel Campbell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fuller present ed to the House, according to Or- jemert der, a Bill to enable Thomas Jenner, an infant, and his.

Issue, to take and use the Surname of Worge, pursuant. to the Will of George Worge, deceased: And the same was received; and read tire First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Mr. Loicndcsreported from the Committee, to whom Longtnon

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- LcWim. mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the.

Parish of Loughton, in the County was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which theyhaddirefted him to report to the House -, and he read the Report in his Place, and uftenvards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clrrk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Afrian Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be pre- Company, fented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Contideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the House, an Account of the Sum granted lor 1766, examined and passed by the Curlitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act passed in the Year 1750, lor extending and improving tire Trade to Africa-, and that they have expended the Money granted in 1767, for the Support of the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, in Goods, Stores, and Necessaries; and that the Petitioners, being lenfible of the great Regard llievvn by the House for the British Forts and Settlements upon


J

e

r.

i‘

D-

or


A

i:

i*

ill

j:

it

fc-

3r-

;i

tBi

ft L O

:P

'lit

;J'!l


i,fce

n, V Cl

I.?’

;t 'J

rtf


J*

31 f.\,

t:t

8 Geo. III.

21° Januar ti.

the Coast of Africa, therefore pray the House to grant such a Sum for the necessary Support thereof, for the enl‘uing Year, as to the House thall seem meet.: Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.


Kaft India The House being informed, that Mr. Mitchell, from Company’s ([ie United Company of Merchants trading to the East indcnuj. Indies,attended at the Door; he was calied in; and, lit the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of the Proceedings of the General Court of the , United East India Company, held on the

23d of December 1767: And also,

Copy of the Proceedings of the General Court of the United East India Company, -held on Wednesday, the 131I1 o( January\ 768.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, Thai the said Copies he referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further regulating the Proceedings of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, with respect to the making of Dividends, is committed,

The laid Copies are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Whale A Petition of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, met at FlflMTy* Edinburg/i, the 17th Day 17G7, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Bounty of Forty Shillings per Ton, granted by Parliament on all Ships employed in catching Whales in the Greenland Seas, expires at the End of the next Session of Parliament; and that the said Branch oi Commerce, the Petitioners think, is an Object of national Importance, and worthy the Attention of Parliament, as it promotes the increase of Shipping, and proves a Nur-lery of Seamen uncommonly hardy; and that the Short-liefs of the Time granted far the Continuance of the Bountvr, by the l ift Act of Parliament, has checked the increase of that Fishery; and, if this Bounty is not renewed, that this valuable Branch of Trade will be entirely difeontinned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to do in it as thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Tradelinen of the Port o ['Liverpool, on behalf of themselves, and more particularly of those concerned in the Whale Fishery to Greenland, J)avis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, is referred.

Ditto* Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Account of the Number of Men employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery, for Twelve Years lait past; distinguishing each Year.

Cirron A Petition of the Honourable William Mure, of and Caldwell, one of the Barons of His Majesty’s Court of x Exchequer in Scotland, John RoJsMackije, oI'Pulgowan,

vigauon. jre? and Andrew\ Stuart, Esquire, Guardians of the Molt noble George James Duke oi'Hamilton and Brandon, for and on behalf of the said Duke, and of the principal Inhabitants of the Town oi Borrowstounness, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Petition was lately presented to the House for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Frith or River oi Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carton, in the County of Stirling, to the Frith or River of Clijde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton; and that the Harbour of Borrowjloiuincfs, in the Frith of Forth, one of the fafelt and most aeeellible of any in North Britain, is capable to receive Ships of upwards of Five hundred Tons Burthen; and, as a navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication, from thence, to join the said Vox.. 31.

other navigable Cut, or Canal, as a Branch of the fame, near the Place where it will fall into the Forth, near the Mouth of the River would make the fame much more complete, and be of great public Utility: Therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for making the said navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication, from the Port and Harbour of Borroujlovnness, to join the other Canal, at or near the Place where it will fall into the Forth.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And. that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dundas, Mr. Burke, Mr.

Edriionstone, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Bacon, General Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Citft, Mr Mr. Dxtfon, Mr.

Ilervcy, Mr. Whately, Lord Mr. Sir

William Meredith, Mr. Marlin, Mr. Mr. Upton, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Drake, Mr. Vane, Mr. Gray, Mr. Smith, Mr. Brand, Mr. Burrell, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Downe, Mr. Gilbert; and all the Members who serve for North, Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elect ing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Sir Samuel Fludyer, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Gallons of Foreign Brandy and Rum separately, together with the Amount thereof in Money, that have been seized and fold, from MidJ'uturner 1764 to Midsummer 1767, at the several Excil’e

Office Sales in the whole Kingdom; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Gallons of Foreign Brandy, and Rum separately, together with the Amount thereof in Money, that have been seized and fold, from summer 1764 to Midsummer 1767, at the several Custom House Sales in the whole Kingdom; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Foreign Brandy and Foreign Rum, with the Overproof on each, that has been imported, from Midsummer 1764 to Midsummer 1767; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Low Wines and Spirits diitiil-ed in the whole Kingdom, from Midsummer 1764 to Midsummer 17G7; distinguishing each Year, and the Materials from which said Low Wines and Spirits were diddled.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commons, in the Manor of Lale-ham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 2d Day of February next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further regulating the Proceedings of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, with respect to the making of Dividends.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

6 U Mr.

Chippenham

Writ.

Accounts; Foreign Brandy kc.

Laleham

inclosure.

East Ind* Company’* Dividends.

534

a i° — 22* januarii. . A. 1768.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

C*m*any*s ^he House was moved, that the Petition of the DiWdenos* United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, which was presented to the House upon Tuesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by their Counsel, upon their said Petition, when the said Report shall be received.

Ordered, That the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the East India Company do attend this House To-

morrow Morning.

Ordered, That Isaac Warren, Esquire, Accomptant of the East India Company, do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Manship, Esquire, do attend the House at the same Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 2* die Januarii;

Anno 8* Georgii III" Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

Private r P H E House being moved, in pursuance of the Or-

Bufuiefj. X der of Yesterday that I^eave be given to move the House, this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House, this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Hook Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to

Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and iticiofing the Open Common Fields, Marshes, "Waste Grounds, Commons, Cars, Pasture, and Moor, within the Manor of Ilook, in the Parish of Smith, in the County of York; and for maintaining the Banks within the said Manor and Township. And the same was received; and read the First Time. jR efolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Buckingham Petition of1Sir George Smith, Baronet, was pre- nc 0 ure‘ fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is informed a Bill is now before the House for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common, and Waste Lands within the Townships of and

Suttdh, in the Manor and Parish of Beckingham, in the County of Lincoln, which, if passed into a Law, will greatly diminish the Value of the Petitioner’s Estate: And therefore praying. That he may be heard by Counsel, against the said Bill; or that a Clause may be inserted therein, and Provision made for the Improvement of the Petitioner’s Tithe Estate, from its present real Value, in the Came Proportion as the Tithe Estate belonging to the Rector will improve, from its present real Value, by such Division and Inclosure.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Beckingham and Sutton, in the Manor and Parish of Beckingham, in the County of Lincoln, be read a Second Time.

Mar yle Bone APetition of the several Gentlemen, and other Inha-

Street*, bitants, of the Parish of Saint Mary le in the 16

County of MiddleJ'cx, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read,; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, anti other Passages, and 1 repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better Maintenance of the Poor, regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets,

Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, repairing the Highways and Causeways, within the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; . hich has met with

some Opposition; and that the Petitioners are convinced, that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will tend greatly to the Peace, Ease, and Advantage of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, if the House lha.ll think proper. j

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed. I

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants, MaryieBo* Gentlemen, and Tradesmen, of the Parish of Saint Mary leBone, in the County of Middlesex, in behalf of c'

themselves, and many others, Inhabitants within the said Parish, was all'o presented to the House, and read;

Taking notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, that the Laws now fulfilling are in every respect sufficient to answer all the Purposes i

included in the said Bill; and that the recited Act, with respect to the other Regulations arid Matters therein contained, is, and will be, if executed according to the Spirit and true Meaning thereof, very sufficient for the several Purposes therein contained; and that,

in case the House should be of Opinion, that some Alterations, in the Regulations established by the said Act, be necessary, the Petitioners apprehend that several of the Clauses, in the said Bill now depending, are inadequate, and in every Respect highly improper to pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That they J

may be heard, by their Counsel, again!! such Parts of

the said Bill as moll materially affect them.;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by

their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to lie heard, at the same Tiifce, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Longtiton and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Loughton, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

llej'olved. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the 0]m?u and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and G rounds, in the Parish of Lovghton, in the county of ' Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Hands are Diflrtfta thereunto set and subscribed, being Prisoners confined for Debt in the Goal in and for the County of And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are p;tt0,

thereunto

Geo. III.

535


e

Jt

ot

lib

ir

ii

13-

3d


Hf

fat

iif: }*! ‘ tk ad; k rls; fjfeS

Ac,

tters

;i£


Ay

:[tk

t>iftre{Ted

Debtors.

Ditto.

)Ditto«

Litton

Indofore.

Shoreditch

to

Enfield

Road.

I®'

j! i*.

L

rO/

vlk I,-f;

je-!*

)/-><

£1*

yk*

Taylors; regulating their Trade.

thereunto subscribed, Prisoners confined for Debt in the County Gaol for Surrey, known by the Name of The New Gaol> in the Borough of Southwark: And also,

A Petition of the dtftrelfcd Prisoners, now lying in the County Gaol in Northampton for Debt: And also, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Prisoners confined for Debt, in the Gaol or Prison for the County Palatine of Durham and Sadberge: And also,

A Petition of the several Prisoners, whose Name* are thereunto subscribed, Prisoners confined for Debt in the Gaol or Prison for the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Dilirefs; And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Stinted Failures, within the Township of in the Parish of Arncliffe,in the County of York, is committed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Freeholders, Farmers, and others, residing in and near Hornsey, Tottenham, and other Parities and Places adjacent thereto, in the County of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill i is depending, to continue and render more effectual the several Acts passed for repairing the Road leading from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford, and for amending the Road from the Watch House in Edmonton to the Market Place in Enfield j in which, as the Petitioners are

well informed, is a Clause, impowering the Trustees under the said Bill to continue or erect Gates, or Turnpikes, and take Tolls thereat, in or upon certain Ways, Lanes, or Places, called The Green Lanes, leading from Bowes Farm, in the Parish of Edmonton, to Nervington Green, in the Parish of Saint Mary, Newington, in the said County of and on either

Side of the said Lanes; and that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, as it now Hands, it will be a great Hardship and Grievance to the Petitioners; and that the said Green Lanes are repaired by the respective Parishes in which they lie, and not by the Trustcesunder the said Act: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Part or Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, or have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being a Committee appointed by the whole Body of Master Taylors residing within the City of London, and some Miles round the fame, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the said Body, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his

Vol. 31.

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for regulating the Journeymen Taylors within the wreekly Bills Of Mortality, was read, whereby it appeared, that Prosecutions for Offences were to be commenced within Six Days after the Offence committed, and all Prosecutions to be heard before the Session. And,

Mr. John Morgan, being examined, said, That he had applied to Five Justices at one and the same Time, on Complaint against the Master Taylors for not complying with the Act; and, upon examining into the Act* they unanimously relolved that the Act was insufficient so as to give Relief; and refused to act under it; and that the Witness had made several Applications of the same nature, but could get no Relief.

Mr. William Davis and Mr. Thomas Racket, being severally examined, said, That several Master Taylors have evaded the Act by taking Houses at Mary It Bone and other Places out of the Bills of Mortality, out of the Limits prescribed by the Act.

And both the said Witnesses further said. That they have, in Conversation, heard Mailer Taylors say, that they have carried their Work and Workmen out of the Bills of Mortality, by which Means neither the Justices nor the King’s Bench could touch them; by that Means they give larger Wages, and, in Times of hurry, can get Journeymen from other Matters, which gives those Masters Advantage in Trade, and have gotCustomers from them: And that the Act is insufficient to prevent the above Grievances, and in several other Respects inefl’eftual to answer the Purposes thereby intended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Seventh Y’ear of King George the First, intituled, An Act for regulating the Journeymen Taylors within the weekly Bills of Mortality: And that Sir Robert Ladbroke and Mr. Upton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Notice being taken, that his Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Township of Holham, in the East Riding of the County of York; which Bill was, upon Thursday the Fourteenth Day of this Intiant January, read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Sir James Long reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Clothiers, Farmers, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, living in, near, or usually travelling the Roads thereafter mentioned; and of divers of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution a certain Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Green Man, in the Chapefry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through Troicbridge, to a Place called White Trough, in the Parish of Trowbridge, in the same County, and from thence by Road Church, to Beck'mgton, in the County of Somejfet; and also divers of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution One other Act of Parliament, passed in the said Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Tinheadhill to the Round Stone in Trowbridge, and from Flinty Wef-

tern Doton, in the Parish of Edington, in the County of Wilts, and other Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, leading towards the Cities of and Bath,

which

HotiuM

Inclolur.j

Seend,

&c.

Roads.


516

2 2°, Janu

A. ij68.

Seend,

&c«

Road.

which relates, to a Road therein-particularly named, leading from'a Ho life then in the Occupation,of Robert God by, situate in Trowlc Bridge Lane, in the said Parish of Trowbridge, through WcjkcQod> to Midford, in the County of Somerset, and also from Fre/hford, in the said County of Somerset, to the North-weft Corner of an Orchard called Halts Cloje,. in Limpley Stoke, in the said County of Wills; and likewise the Petition of the Mortgagees of Monies advanced on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said first-mentioned Act, and on the Credit of the Tolls granted for the said Road, from Godby's House aforesaid; was referred*, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow-eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read; and William Whitaker, Esquire, an acting Trustee under both the Acts, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to carry both the said Acts into Execution, and have made great Progrels in the Repair of the said Roads: That £. 3,000 has been borrowed on the Credit of the said first-mentioned Act, and upwards of^. i,8oo upon the Credit, of the Tolls granted by the last mentioned Act, upon the Road from Robert Godby's House; which said Sums still remain owing: And that the said Sums, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied for the Purposes of the said Acts; but that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed repaid, nnlefs the Terms of the said Acts be continued, and further Powers be granted; as the said Acts have been found defective in many Re-spe&s, particularly in relation to the Exemptions from Tolls.

That if the Roads directed to be repaired by the first-mentioned Act, and the Road from Robert Godby's House, were included in One Act of Parliament, and the Tolls consolidated, it would be very advantageous; and that the acting Trustees, And also the Mortgagees, under both the said Actsrare desirous that such Confo-liclation should take Place.

Ejau Reynolds, Esquire, being examined, confirmed: the Evidence of Mr. Whitaker.

And both the Witnesses said. That the several Roads mentioned in the Petition are ruinous and narrow in many Places, and, for' want of proper Bridges, are impalpable in Time of Floods, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And that the repairing the said Roads would be of public Utility.

Sir James Long reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, whose Barnes are thereunto subscribed, Land Owners and Inhabitants of the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Stephens said, he knows the Road described in the Petition, and that the same is much out Repair, narrow in many Places, and cannot be repaired and kept in good Repair by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, to Beckinglon, in the County of Somerset; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the same Year, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Wilts and

Somerset, as relates, to the Road from a Place in Trowlc Bridge Lane to Midford, and from Frejkford to Hall's Close, in Limpley Stoke; and for amending the said Roads; and also several other Roads leading from or near the Roads included in the said Acts: And that §ir James Long, Mr. Shiffner, and Sir Edward Bay Titan, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ilewett reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Rempjtone, in the County of Nottingham, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegation^ of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Mr. Bainbridge, who is poffdled of Seventy-five

RempUpBi

Inclosarc.

Acres of Land within the said Lordship, and Right of Common thereto belonging, who refused to consent, having always been against Inclosures, but ddired'he might name a Commissioner, which he did, and the rest of the Proprietors consented to his Nomination;) and that the whole Lands consist of 1230 Acres,4 or thereabouts; and that the Committee, . had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments. Were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Pringle reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons living near and usually travelling the Roads in the Counties of Roxburgh and Selkirk, mentioned in the Petition, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as. it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed yonr Committee, that the said Roads are in a ruinous Condition, and too narrow in many Places, and in Winter Season many of them are impassable for Travellers and Carriages.

Which Evidence was confirmed by several other, Members of the Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Selkirk: And that Mr. Pringle, Sir Gilbert Elliot, and the Lord Advocate of Scotland, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Selkirk

Road.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew Lamb, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Prefcotf, Mr. Brand, Mr. Puzv-nall, and Mr. Filzmaurice, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the.several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, whose Names are thereunto set, is referred.

Mr. Gray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more speedy and effectual Transportation of Offenders: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Bruere, from the Commissioners of Excite, attended at the Door; he was called in 5 and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An

Members added to a Committee.

TransporU' tion of Felons.

Duty on

Coachci,

&c.

Account*;

foundling

Hospiul.

Privilege.


Whale

Fishery.

8 Geo. III. 22 0 Jonu537

An Account of the Product of the Duty on Coaches, Chaises, and other Wheel Carriages, for Seven Years last palt; distinguishing each Year.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Collingwoody Secretary to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children attended at the Door*, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of all Monies received and paid by the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, between the 31st Day of December *,£766 and the 31st Day of December 1767, inclusive, with the Balance then remaining: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Number of Children received ihto the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day of Match 1760 who have been placed out Apprentices between the 3ill Day of December 1766, exclusive, and the 3 ift Day of December 1767, in-

elusive; and also, an Account of the Number of the said Children who have been returned to their Parents, between the said 3 ift Day of December 17 66, exclusive, and the said 31st Day of December 1767 inclusive: And also, N° 3. An Account of the Number of Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have died between the 31st Day of December 1766, exclusive, and the 31st Day of December 1767, inclusive: And also, N° 4. An Account of the Number of Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who were living on the 31st Day of December 1707: And also,

N° 5. An Ellimate of the Expence of maintaining tjtje Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and desertA young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1767, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1768, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Ellimate were read.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of maintaining the Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day <ff March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1767, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1768, inclusively.

THE Number of Children living under the Care of the Governors and Guardians of the said Hospital, on the said 31st Day of December 1767, is 3660; the Expence ofmaintaining whom,at^ 7. 10. each, amount! to £. 27,450.

N. B. Besides the* above 3660 Children, there have been taken into this Hospital 228, moll of whom were under the moll distressed Circumstances, or Orphans of Soldiers and Sailors, whose Parents died in His Majesty’s Service^ whereof 17 have been apprenticed, 5 claimed, and 63 dead; so that there are 143 Children now alive, which are wholly maintained and provided for out of the Income arising from private Donations^ and are not, nor ever have been, charged in the Ellimate of the public Account.

Signed by Order of the General Committee,

Tho' Collingwoody Secretary.

Ordetedy That the said Accounts and Ellimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Complaint made to the House upon the First day of December last, that, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, Henry Fidler, John Bakery and Matthew Barrow, had, by the Insti-gation of Charles Bozvyer Adder ley, Esquire, forcibly entered upon a Fishery at Coton, on the Rivet Tame, the Property of, and in the Possession of, Simon Luttrell, Esquire, a Member of this House, and taken Fish therfeout, be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of several Merchants, His Majesty’s British Vol. 31.

Subjects, concerned in the Whale Fishery, on behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said Fishery, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That by an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, a Bounty was granted of Twenty Shillings a Ton upon all Ships employed in catching of Whales in the Green-laitd and Seas adjacent: but few or no Ships being fitted out upon that Encouragement, a further Bounty of Ten Shillings a Ton was granted by an Act of the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign; and that being also found insufficient to answer the Purposes intended, the Bounty was, by an Act of the Twenty-second Year of his said late Majesty, increased to Forty Shillings per Ton, and which, by Two several Acts, have been continued to the 25th of December 1767*

6 X

East India Company’s

Dividends.

v%

22° — cl50 Januarii.

A. 1768.

and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that, since the granting of that Bounty, a great many Ships from both Parts of the United Kingdom have been annually employed in the said Fishery, and many more would have adventured, but from the Checks given to that Trade, first by the War,-and afterwards by the Shortness of the Time granted for the Bounty by the last Act; and that, if rrovision was made to continue the Bounty for a further Term of Seven Years, it would considerably increase the Number of Adventurers, by which Means a Nursery for the hardiest Race of Seamen would beestablished, and several of our Manufacturers, who have been already instructed in the making the proper Utensils and Instruments employed in this Fishery, would be constantly engaged therein $ and that, if the Bounty is not further continued, the Trade mull be entirely at a Stand, the Charge of fortifying*^ Ship against the Ice for that Service, and the Fishing Materials, which are the greatest Part of the Expence, being entirely useless for any other Business; and that the Petitioners humbly presume an Object of such great national Importance will be deemed deferring the Continuance of the Support and Encouragement of the Legislature: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Tradesmen of the Port of Liver* pool, on behalf of themselves, and more particularly of those concerned in the Whale Fishery to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, is referred.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered^That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday'Niovning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon ThurdayWLon ing next, refoive itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the several Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Com and Provisions.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 25° d januarii;

Anno 8° Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1768.

High Price of

Provisions,

Ways and Means.

Supply#

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further regulating the Proceedings of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, with respect to the making of Dividends, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Mr. Fuller reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, artid which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Then the Counsel against the Bill were called in And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this Day Four Months;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

\ *5-

V So it passed in the Negative.

*. Then the Question being put, that the farther Cdti-sideration of the said Report be adjourned till this thty Four Months;

It passed in the Negative.

.Then the Amendments made by the Committed to the said Bill, being Severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House

"2*1

Prayers.

Tilsworth

IncloCure.

Naveftoct

Inciosure.

MR. Sandys presented to the House, according to Kettoti Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the fe- hiclosure. veral open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Heath, and Commonable Lands, in the Pariflt of Ketton, in the County of Rutland: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to Order; a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, within the Manor or Lordship of Tilsworth, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Heath, called Navefock Common and Heath, within the Manors of Navejlock and Loft hall, in the County of Essex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Pennant, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Lqfee lies, Mr. Conway, Mr. Fitzroy, Mr. Brand,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Gascoynt, Mr. Black-fione, Mr. Townshend, Mr. West, Mr. Gray, Mr. Prescott,

Mr. Popham, General lloneywood, Sir James Dyjhwood,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Luttrell, s Mr. Clive, Mr.

Tudxvay, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, ‘Mr. Hunt, Mr.

Grosvenor, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Dodd, Sir George Savile,

Mr. Hopkinsr Mr. Hayes, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Dyfon,

Mr. Seymour, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Alderman Bedford;

Mr. Spicers and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Hertford, Suffolk, Norfolk, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five' of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A gill for repairing and widening the * Road fronw Hardmgfton the Way Pofiy iii the Parish of Hardingston, yi the County of Northampton, to Otd Stratford, in the said County was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Byde, Mr. Graf, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Holt

Mr!

&c.

Road.

8 Geo. III. 25° Janua539

Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Parker, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Pozvnall, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Onjloiv, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Whitshed, Lord Brotcnlozv Bertie, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. IVilbraham, Jjl r. Gascoyne, General Jrzoine, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Penton, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Dozcdefwell, Mr. Spicer, Mr. Boptle, Mr Ward; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Bucks, Berks, Oxford, Nottingham., and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Shoreditch A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parish Enfield of Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, in Behalf of

Road. themselves and others, Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, ‘ That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, to continue, and render more effectual, ' ' several Acts passed for repairing the Road leading from the Slones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermofl; Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, 'in the County q{ Hertford; and for amending the Hoad from the Watch-house in Edmonton, to the Market Place in Enfield; and that tho Inhabitants of the said Parish of Hackney are subject to a heavy Toll, at a side Gate erected at Kingsland, for only eroding the said Turnpike Road, which is not above Twenty-two Yards, without making any further Use of the fame; and that they apprehend themselves greatly injured by paying the said Toll, as the said Gate is erected on the Verge of (if not within) the Parish of Hackney, and they are obliged to keep in Repair a Mile of the private Highways, leading from the said Gate towards Lea Bridge, and which hath been attended with a very considerable additional Expence, by reason of the late Increase of Horses and Carriages passing thereon, from the Well End of the Town, into the several Counties of Essex, Cambridge, Suffolk, and Norfolk: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Coirsideration, and to grant such Relief as shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Worcester Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to Roads, yrhom the Bill to continue the Terms, and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts of the Twelfth of Queen Anne, the Twelfth of King George the First, and the Twenty-second of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Worcester, through Droitzvich, to Bromf-grove, and other Roads therein mentioned; and to repeal an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads lying in and leading from Droitzvich aforesaid; and for amending the several Roads, which were direeled to be repaired by the said Act; Was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where /the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fjeverally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ihgrofled.

Shoreditch Ordered, That Sir Brook Bridges, Mr. Clive, Mr.

Streets. Plumptre, Mv.Brudenell, Mr. Jones, Mr. Penton, General Honywood, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Cornwall, Lord Grey, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Fitzroy, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Tuff)tell, Mr. Tozvnfend, Mr, Wynn, Mr. Bootle, VW. 31. &

Mr. Thynne, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue and render more effectual several Acts passed for repairing the Road leading from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermofl; Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, In the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from the Watch House in Edmonton, to the Market Place in Enfieldi is committed.

Mr. Daniel Lascelles reported from the Committee; Hotbam to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosuro and Common Fields, Meadows, dnd Pastures, within the Township of Hotham, within the East Riding of the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of all the poor Prisoners confined for Debt Distressed in His Majesty’s Gaol, the Castle of Lincoln, was pre- Debtors, fented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table*

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Winfrith' thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders, Proprietors Newburgh of Estates, or otherwise interested, in the Parish of Inc osure' Winfrith Newburgh, in the County of Dorset, in Behalf of themselves and several others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Bill is depending in the House, for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Meadow Grounds, Sheep Downs, Commons, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish; and that; if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Estates of the Petitioners, and others in the saidParish, will be greatly injured, and several of them, mufl be totally ruined thereby; and that some of the Petitioners, by Threats and Menaces, were prevailed upon to sign the Petition, for the said Bill; but upon Recollection, and considering the impending Ruin they shall be subject to by the Inclosure, beg Leave now to have Liberty to re-tract from their feeming Acquiescence in the said Petition: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may atfect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Sheep Downs, Commons, Common Heaths, and other Waste Grounds, in the Parish or Manor of Winfrith Newburgh, in the County of Dorset, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the feme Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who gome to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered,

540 i$* Janumi.

A\ 1768.

Oxford

Writ,

Supply.

?r^vilrgc.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the University of Oxford, in the room of Sir Walter Wagjlaff Bagot, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refill ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Ol der being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Laud Forces and Marines entitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1768, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Eliimate of the Charge of Halfpay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1768, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of Hi.«f Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the Twenty-fifth December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1768, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows of Officers who died on Half-pay, for the Year 1768, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of ChelJ'ea Hospital, for the Year 1768, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Lord North, and George Cooke, Esquire, late Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the th of February 1767 to the 25th of December following, and not provided for by Parliament, 4)e referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Cooper also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday t Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to-consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Mr. Fuller, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Complaint made to the House upon the First Day of December last, that, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, Henry Fidler, John Baker, and Matt here Barrozv, had, by the Instiga-tion of Charles Boziycr Adderley, Esquire, forcibly entered upon a Fishery at Coton, on the River Tame, the Property of, and in the Possession of, Simon Luttrell, Esquire, a Member of this House, and taken Fish thereout; together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz.

The Counsel for the Member making the Complaint in order to prove that an exclusive Fishery on the River Tame, between Coton Bridge and an Eate, called The Lord's Eate, to have been a considerable Time in the

Possession of the said Member, and of the Family of the Cotons, from whence the Estate at Coton derived to him, called the following Witnesses; viz.

Sir Robert Lawley, Baronet; who said, he was conversant with the Family of the Cotons near Sixty Years; That they had a considerable Estate on the Banks of the River Tame, near the Fishery in Question; and that the Member making the Complaint married the Representative of that Family, and came into the Estate about 1733: That the Witness about 28 Years ago, rented the Fishery in Question, viz. between Coton Bridge and the Lord's Eate, and held it about Six Years; during which Timeit was an entire and exclusive Fishery belonging to the Coton Family: That there was no Interruption from any one claiming a Right: That during his whole Know- ledge of the said Fishery, which has been near Thirty Years, he never heard that any Person fished it except those employed by Mr. Luttrell the Member: That he has heard, that Mr. Adderley, named in the Complaint, and Mr. Dilkes, have ajoint Fishery in other Parts of the River Tame, but never heard till lately, that Mr. Adder ley claimed the Fishery in Question: That Mr. Churchill succeeded the Witness in the Fishery, who held it about Ten Years, and died about Six Months ago.

Upon being cross examined, the Witness said. That he paid Twenty Shilling or a Guinea a Year for the Fishery: That his House is Four computed Miles from the River, but could say, that no one fished there to his Knowledge: That he rented the Fishery Twice, First for Five or Six Years, then a second Time of Mr. Churchill above-mentioned, for Three or Four Years; and that he fished Five or Six Times under both those Holdings.

Andrew Hackett, Esquire, a Gentleman of W'artoick-shire, who said he succeeded Mr. Churchill, and rented the Fishery in question of the Member, from 1757 to 1761; that he rented it as an exclusive Fishery, and was never interrupted: That he has known it Thirty Years, and never knew any Right claimed by Mr. Adderley, Mr. Dilkes, or any one.

Being cross examined, he said, he had no Leaie; that he took it of Mr. Luttrells Steward as Coton Fishery; made no Bargain, but took it as it was: That his Residence is about a Mile and Half from the River: That the Limits of the Fishery were not described to him; That he does not know of Mr. Adderley's using the Fishery when he had it; that he never met with any Interruption, if he had, he should have applied to his Landlord, not knowing the Bounds himself; that he gave Twenty Shillings a Year for it, till Mr. Luttrell sent him Word, he desired to have it in his own Hands: That he never heard of any one’s fishing the re, but with an Angle: That Mr. Dilkes was Lord of the Manor of Mackjlock during the Time he had the Fishery: That he has heard he has a Right, but does not know it: That Coton and Marston are within the Manor of Mack-fiock; and the Fishery he rented is within Coton; that he did not consider it as exclusive: He took it as Mr. Luttrells Fishery; was not absolutely certain whether it was exclusive; That he did not know the Right of the Lord of the Manor of Mackjlock, as to the Fishery in Question: That John Starkie had the Care of it for him, and fished it frequently with Calling Nets, Hooks, and Lines, and otherwise; if any one else had so fished, he should have complained to the Steward: And being again asked the Question, he said. That when he took it he underilood it to be exclusive; and that he never heard of any one’s claiming to fish, but Mr. Luttrell.

Mr. Thomas Fulhooood, a Farmer, who said, he had rented and lived at Coton Hall the last Thirty Years, till last Lady Day; and that he rented it of Mr, Luttrell; that the Hall is about Twenty Yards from the River: That the Fishery in Question belongs to Mr. Luttrell; that he never knew any one, but him and his Tenants, fish there, nor ever heard of any other Claim, or of any Dispute relating to it till now.

Being cross examined, he (bid, he never knew of any

G

8 Geo. III.

2 50 Januarii.

541

one fishing the refor Mr. Adderley or Mr. Dilkes: That Coton is in the Liberty of Mackstock; and that the Estate belongs to the Lord of the Manor.

Sarah Kenrick, Daughter of the last Witness, who said, the had lived with her Father at Coton Hall, and never heard of Mr. Adderley and Mr. Dilkes using the Fishery in question.

John Starkie said, he was Servant to the aforesaid Mr. Hacketty during the time he rented the Fishery in Question, and frequently fished; that he never knew any one else claim it: That he was informed of the Boundary of the Fishery by Fidler, one of the Persons complained of, who called lit his Purlieu, and that he took care of it for Mr. Luttrell; and the Witness said, he never knew any public Fishing by Mr. Adderley or any one else: That there are joint Rights of Fishing above the Bridge and below the Eate.

Being cross examined, he said, he could not tell who fished, for he was in the Garden the greatest Part of his Time: That Fidler shewed them where to fish: That he had heard Mr. Palmer, the Steward of Mr. Luttrell say, it was Mr. Luttrell's exclusive Right; and that it was in general understood so by all the Country.

Mr. John Hackett said, he had lived at Coton all his Life: That the Fishery in Question was always reckoned Mr. Luttrell's ,* that he has fished there several Times with Fidler for Mr. Luttrell, and never knew any one else fish within those Limits: That he has known Fidler fish in other Parts for Mr. Adderley; and that Fidler has told him that Mr. Luttrell*s Fishery begun at the Bridge: That he never knew Mr. Adderley, nor any one for him, fish there till this Dispute.

Mr. John Mills said, he lives Fifty Yards from the River: That the Fishery in Question was always reckoned Mr. Luttrell's own Right, and that he never heard of any Pretenfton being made to it; but that it is the general Sense, that Mr. Adderley has a joint Right with Mr. Luttrelly One hundred and fifty Yards above the Bridge, and about One hundred below the Eate, to the Spiral Mead.

Then, to prove the actual fishing by the Persons complained of, the said Counsel called,

Jc %res Allen, who said. That he knows Henry Fidler, John Bakery and Mattheio Barroivy the Persons complained of; that he saw them fishing at a place called Black Pool, between Coton Bridge, and the Lord's Eate; that he went to them, and said to Fidler, " I thought

Mr. Palmer had discharged you from fishing here," whereupon they skulked away, but afterwards came forward again, and drew their Net: That Mr. Luttrell came to the Place soon after, and asked the said Baker if he did not know it to be his Fishery, who said he knew it was, and begged his Pardon, saying, he was employed by Mr. Adderley to do it: That the others ran away with the Nets; and that the said Fidler had lliewn the witness Mr. Luttrell's Fishery.

Being cross examined, he said Baker was a Tenant to Mr. Luttrell, but did not think what he said when Mr. Luttrell came up was on that Account: That he is very bold, but asked Pardon several Times.

Then the Counsel for the Parties named in the Complaint, in order to prove the Exercife of the Fishery in question by Mr. Dilkes and Mr. Adderley, called the following Witnesses; viz.

Mr. Mark Love, who said, he has known the Fishery fh question 45 Years, and wTas a Tenant to Mr. Dilkes 45 Years ago: That he has gone with the Keeper and others, and fished all through, between the Bridge and the Eate, arid further down, and that Part between the Bridge and the Eate without Distinction: That he did so Twenty Times at the least, and never met with any Interruption, nor ever heard Mr. Dilkes's Right called in question; and that it was generally understood to be his Right.

Being cross examined, he said, he fished every where without Interruption; that he has known nothing of it for

Yol. 31.

the last 2 z Years: That they sometimes fished till Three in the Afternoon.

Francis Holyoak said, he has been employed to fish Privilege, by the late Mr. Dilkes, all the Way from the Bottom to the Hall; that they always fished publicly, and never were interrupted: That they generally fished Once a Year, but fomfcimes miffed a Year: That they used to convey their Nets there in a Tumbril drawn by Three Horses: and that they might be seen from the Hall when they were fishing.

Being cross examined, and asked if he ever saw Mr.

Coton or Mr. Luttrell fish there, he said he did not know who fished there at other Times, nor ever knew that any one but Mr. Dilkes and Mr. Adderley had any Right there: That the last Time he fished was 22 Years ago; and he knows nothing of it since.

James Brookes said, the Lord of the Manor was reported to have a Fishery through the wholq River; and that he had heard Thomas Coton, Esquire, say so: That a Person asking Mr. Coton's Leave to angle in Coton 1 Water, he said, he would give him Leave, as far as he could; that this Conversation happened above 50 Years ago.

Mr. Robert Morris said, he has known the Fishery in question upwards of 50 Years: That the Lord of the Manor and his Servants fished in all Parts of the River, but that the last he remembers of it was 50 Years ago; and that during his Time they were never disturbed.

Mr. John Kijs said, he was employed to fish in the Part in question with Mrs. Adderley's Game Keeper 13 Years ago: That they fished a pretty many Times, but never met with any Interruption: That the Reputation was, that Mr. Adderley has a Right to fish in the Parts in question.

Being cross examined, he said, he fished in the deep Draught about Six Years ago, with a Net; that he cannot say whether he was seen by Mr. Luttrell or any of his Friends: That he fished 5 or 6 Years between the Bridge and the Eate: That neither Mr. Luttrell or his Servants fished there at the same Time, but that they have fished there; that the Witness did not forbid them, there being no Objection on any Side.

Richard Wright, Mr. Adderley's Game Keeper, said, he has fished in the Water in question lately: That he began Two Years ago and upwards, and fished all' through, from Coxe's Hall to Mawkees, which takes in from the Bridge at Coton to below the Lord's Eate: That he fished thereThree Times, and was never interrupted:

That Mr. Luttrell's Tenants have seen him fish, but never questioned him: That he never heard Mr. Luttrell had an exclusive Right, but that it was understood Mr. Adderley had as much Right as Mr. Luttrell

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Tluit Henry Fidler hath not, by the Instigation of Charles Bowyer Adderley, Esquire, forcibly entered upon a Fillrery at Coton, on the River Tame, the Property of, and in the Possession of Simon Luttrell, Esquire, a Member of this House, and taken Fish thereout, in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Baker hath not, by the Instigation of Charles Bowyer Adderley, Esquire, forcibly entered upon a Fishery at Coton, on the River Tame, the Property of, and in the Poftession of Simon Luttrell, Esquire, a Member of this House, and taken Fish thereout, in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Matthew Barrow hath not, by the Instigation of Charles Bowyer Adderley, Esquire, forcibly entered upon a Fishery at Coton, on the River Tame, the Property of, and in the Poftession of Simon Luttrell, Esquire, a Member of this House, and taken Fish thereout, in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second 6 Y Time,

*r


542

25° — 26* Januarii.

A \ 17 & 8.

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to "by the House, Nemine contradicente.

Mr. Wilbraham, *Mr. Hewelt, Mr. Gray, Mr. Conway, Mr. Mr. Pennant, Mr.

Lord Grey, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Archer, Mr.

East India The Bill, now ingrossed, for further regulating the Mi lies, M r. Calcraft, Mr. Cocks, Lord Beauchamp, Mr.

Dividend* Procee(*'n£s the United Company of Me*.-hants of Burrell, Mr. Waller, Mr. Mr. Coventry, Mr.

lv n *’ England, trading to the East Indies, with respect to bert, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Delaval, Sir Charles Kemys the making of Dividends, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass }

The House divided The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Ye^he

Mr.

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tellers for the Noes,

1

1

41*

WaVi and Means.

’{sir Robert Ladbroke.

So it wasrefolved in the Affirmative.

Rejoined, That the Title be, An Act for further regulating the Proceedings of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, with respect to the making of Dividends.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 26° die Januarii \

Anno 8* Georgii III*" Regis, 1768. Praters.

MR. Lascelles presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending the Road from Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Woodhead, in the County Palatine of and from thence to a

Bridge over the River Mersey, cal led Enterclough Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hook A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Inclosure. Fields, Marshes, Waste Grounds, Commons, Cars, Pasture, and Moor, within the Manor of Hook, in the Parish of Snaith, in the County of York; and for maintaining the Banks within the said Manor and Township, was read a Second Time

Huddersfield, See. Road.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and intlofing several Open Fields, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Rempstone, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Rempstone, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Heiuett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrences

A Bill for making a Chapel lately erected by William Wright, Esquire, in the Township of Stockport, and County and Diocese of Chester, a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and for endowing the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ham, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Fames, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Legh, Mr.

Sir George Warren, Mr. Keck, Mr. Shijfher, Mr. Gray, Lord Grey, Mr Prescott, Mr. Egerlon, Mr. Clive, Lord

Charles Spencer, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Sir

John Delaval, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Grey, Mr. Hujfey, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Plumptrc, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gore, Mr. Tmvnjhend, Mr. Coventry; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, York, Derby, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, land, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor of Morden, in the County of Dorfel, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Bull, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Mr. Town-

Jhend, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Fonnereau. Mr. Gray, Mr. Hujfey, Mr. Shiffher, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Gas-coyne, Mr. Heivett, Mr. LaJ'celles, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Byde, Lord Beauchamp, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr.

Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Onslow, Sir Mr.

Upton, Mr. Darker, Mr. PaUrfon; and all the Mem-

RempftoaR

inctosure.

Stockport

Chapel.

Morden It-cloture.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lascelles, kers who serve for the Counties of Dorfel, Wilts, South

' ~ i\ i / aa.....T 4 / ' aDevon, and Chmioall: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir James Long reported from the Committee, to whom

Sir John Delaval, Mr. Conway, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Neville, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Pennant, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Ryder, Mr. West, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Archer,

Mr.'Milks, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Herne, Mr. the Petition of the Trullees for putting in Execution an

Calcraft, Mr. Holt, Ms. booth, Mr. Craven, Mr. Norris,

Mr. Delaval, Lord Burghcrjh, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hujfey, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, General Bofcaiven, Mr. Clive, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Rice and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Ijincasler, Durham, Northumberla and

Westmorland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading (romStudley Bridge, through Chippein the County of Wilts, to the Top of Tog hill, in the County of Gloucester; and also an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

StudlfT Bridge, 4 c. Road.

Cononly

lndosure.

King George the First, so far as the same relates to the repairing the Road from A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Studley Bridge, to Chippenham, in the County of

Waste Ground, within the Township and Manor of Cononly, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laf-

and for amending the Road from Chippenham to Pickwick, in the said County and also, an AiL- palfed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his iate Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend Two Acts,

One

8 Geo. III. 26° Januarii. 543

One made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing certain Roads leading from Chippenham, and for repairing several Roads leading from Chippenham Bridge; and to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of hislate Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Road between the said Bridge, and Lower , in the County of Wilts;

was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read.

Mr. William Simp/on,being examined, said, That he

knows the Roads comprised in the said Acts: That there is now due on the Credit of the said Acts, the Sum of £. 3,000, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied in the Repairs of the said Roads; but that the some are in some Parts in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually repaired, and the said Sum repaid, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts are further continued and enlarged.

That if the several Provisions contained in the said Acts were reduced into One Act of Parliament, and the Roads thereby directed to be repaired were divided into Three Districts, and the Tolls arising from each District appropriated to the Repair of each respective District, he apprehends the said Roads might be efteftuaily repaired.

That the Road through the Town of Chippenham is very dangerous in dark Nights; that it would be a great Convenience to Travellers if Power was given to light the fame, which may be done at a very small Expence:

And a Member present confirmed thp above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Terms of several A6js, made in the Thirteenth Year of King George the Fish, and in the Seventeenth and Thirty-second Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from and near Chippenham and Chippenham B, in the County of Wilts and for amending the said Acts, and reducing them into One Act of Parliament: And that Sir James Long, Mr. Nor they, and Sir Edioard do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

*findr«r* A Petition of the Trusteesforcarryinginto Execution

Roaus. an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes. of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George,

Southwark, artlf Bermondsey, in t he County of Surrey, and Lcwi/ham, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, that % Bill is ordered in, for making

Roads from the South End of Black Friars Bridge, and for making, widening, and improving, several Communications between the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Town and Borough of Southwark and that the Petitioners (desirous that the Public may be accommodated in the least expensive Manner) are willing to undertake the making, and keeping in Repair certain new Roads, necessary to open the Communication between Christ Church, near the said Bridge, and the Counties of Surrey, Kent, Sussex, and and also to keep in

Repair the new Road intended to be made from Christ Church aforesaid, to W ej Bridge, and to watch and

light all the said Roads, without any additional Toll or Bnrthento the Public, in caiethe Legiftatu re shall think tit to invert them with the Powers necessary to carry the fameinto Execution: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made, in the said Bill, to impower them to make, open, and keep in Repair, and also to watch Vox.. 31.

and light, such new Roads, and Communications with the Roads, under their Trull, with such Powers, Authorities, Rules, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Vincent, Lord Brown-lozo Bertie, Mr. Gore, Mr. Waller, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr.

Pratt, Mr. Gray, Mr. Onslow, Lord Clare, Mr. Bootle,

Mr. Huffey, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Upton,

Mr. Btackfone, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Sandys,

Mr.Paterson, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Burrell, Mr. Coventry, Sir George SavilMr. Seymour, Mr. Comoay, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Ryder, Sir John Delaval,

Mr. Touchet, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Neville, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Smith, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Bond, Sir Richard Glyn; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, Kent, dlesex, and E/fex; and for the City of London, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Gafeoyne be added to the Gen- Little Sheepy tlemen, who are appointed to prepare and bring in a *nclol"re‘ Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Edward Wilmot, Esquire, Lord of the Manor, the Reverend William Williams, Clerk, and the Reverend William Biddle, Clerk/Reftors, and the rest of the Free^plders of Little Sheepy, in the County of Leicester, whose

Names are thereunto set.

Mr. Gajcoync presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Fields, Meadows, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, lying within the Manor or Liberty of Little Sheepy, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lor d Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, to Cricldey Hill

whom the Bill for continuing and enlarging the Powers Roads, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gbucester, to Fj'cgg Mill, through the Towns of

leach, Burford, and Whitney, and Parishes of HanJborough

and Bladon,to Campsfield, in the Parish of Kidlington, in

the County of Oxford; and also, the Road from Whitney, through Erf ham, Cumner, and Botley, to the City of

Oxford, except so much thereof as relates to the Road from Whitney through Ensham, Cumner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford; and also, for repairingand widening the Road from Campsfeld, to the Turnpike Road, at or near Enjlovo Bridge, in the said County of was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, andmade several Amendments thereunto; whichtheyhaddirefted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questkm severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Terms, and enlarge Worcester the Powers, of several Acts, of the Twelfth of Queen

Anne, the Twelfth of King George the First, and the Twenty-second of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Wvrcejhr,through Droitwich, toBromfgrove, and other Roads therein mentioned; and to repeal an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads lying in and leading from

544 26 Januarii. . 1768.

from Droitwich aforesaid; and for amending the several Roads which were directed to be repaired by the said Act, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the Terms, and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts, of the Twelfth of Queen Anne, the Twelfth of King George the Firil, and the Twenty-second of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Worcester, through , to BromJ-

grove, and other Roads therein mentioned; and to repeal an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads lying in and leading from Droitwich aforesaid; and for amending the several Roadswhich were directed to be repaired by the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Jenner i A Bill to enable Thomas Jenner, an Infant, and his Name. Jflue, to take and use the Surname of , pursuant to the Will of George Worge, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fuller, Mr. Upton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Conway, Mr. Cooper, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Burrell, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Shiftier, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Buller, Lord Grey, Lord Mount-Jluart, Mr. Brand, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Ridley, Sir John Delaval, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Mr.

Fane, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Dundas, General Irwine, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Martin, Lord Strange, Mr. Waller; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Sufex, and Kents and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Birmingham Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, Canal- to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Birmingham to s and for making collateral Cuts, and Waggon Ways, from several Coal Mines; and for continuing the said Canal from Bilstone to Autherley, tjicre to communicate with the Canal now making between the Rivers Severn and Trent; was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House , and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for settling Rates for Wharfage.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

Salted Provi- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An on*‘ Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also,

8ithThe»tre. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse in the City of Bath, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, an Act to Bm-ke', dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Brooke, Doctor in Phy- Divorce, lie, with Harriet Nelthorpe, his now Wife, and to enable himto marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: and also.

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act for exemplifying, or enrolling, an Indenture of Settlement, of Elizabeth Bridges,wad the Will and Codicilsof Brooke Bridges, Esquire, and making the same Evidence, as well in Ireland as Great Britain; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the SuPF,7* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered inat the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Five hundred and Thirty-six Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the Twenty-.

fifth Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred

and Sixteen, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Thirty-two thousand Four hundred and Thirty-one Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight.

Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Eight thousand Nine hundred and Forty-nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion orthis Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Ninety-nine thousand Nine hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Four Shillings, and Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred, to the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, and not provided for by Phr»-liament.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Man* Forces, while on Shore, was read a Second Time. force*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to aCommittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The

1


Eb&ions*

Reading

to

St. Albans . Road.

8 Geo. III. 2 6° — 27° Jamarii. 543

The House was moved, that art Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fifth, intfc tuled, " What Sort of People shall be cltofen, and who shall be the Choofera of the Knights and Burgelles of the Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made for Leave to bring in a Bill for the further and more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption, in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

And the House being informed of a Letter, written from the Mayor and some Members of the Corporation of the City of Oxford,in the last Summer, to Sir

mas Stapleton, Baronet, One of the Members of the said City; and another Letter from the same Personsto the honourable Robert Lee, the other'Member for the said City; containing a corrupt Offer of electing them for the said City, at the next General Election;

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Stapleton, Baronet, do attend in his Place, upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the honourable Robert Lee do attend in his Place, upon Monday Morning next, and bring with him the said Letter, written to him.

Ordered, nemine contradicente. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further and more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption, in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Onslow, Mr. braham. Colonel Onfloiv, Mr. Bootle, Mr.

Nicholson Calvert, Mr. Cholmondeley, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Goddard, Mr. Gilbert, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Shif/ier, Mr. Darker, and Mr. Barrow, do prepare, and bring in the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 27* die Januarii;

Anno 8* Georgii III*" Regis, 1768.

through certain Lands and Grounds belonging to Gijlingham Cooper, Esquire, and Freeman',

fcfquire, to a Farm House belonging to the said Sambrooke Freeman, in the Occupation of JohnDorrcll, than to repair and widen the present Road.

Which latter Evidence was confirmed by a Member present.

Mr. William Kenti/hand Mr. Thomas Benniivorth said;

That the Road leading from Saint Albin the County of Hertford, to Hatfield, is very ruinous, and in fomfc Parts very narrow and dangerous for Travellers, and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road leading from Reading, in the County of Berks, through Henley, in the County of Oxford, and Great Marlow,

Chipping Wycombe, Agmondesham, and Cheynes, in the County of Bucks, and Rickmanfwoi'th;Watford, and

Saint Albans, to Hatfield, in the County of Hertford; and also, the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow, over Great Marlow Bridge, through Byfiam, id of near the Thirty Mile Stone, in the Turnpike Road leading from Maidenhead to Reading: And that Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Thorp as Gore, Mr. Mr. Dodd,

Mr. Drake, and Colonel Barre, do prepare; and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the * Open Fields, Norma moa Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, in the Pa- Iadofure. rifli of Normanton next Derby, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Refolevd, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Dundas, Colonel Lord George

Sackville, Lord Broionlmv Bertie, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Rush-

out, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Edmonflone, Mr.

Drake, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Wynn, Colonel Fitzroy, Mr.

Fonnereau, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Townfiencf,

Mr. Brand, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Lord Beauchamp, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Gray, Mr. Cornwall, Mr.

Burke, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Buffet, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ryder,

Mr. Hayes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, Leicester, Stafford,

Chester, Salop, and York: And they are to meet this'

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Prayers.

MR. Clayton reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, whose Names are thereunto set; and also, the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing near, and travelling in and upon, the Road therein after mentioned; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. James Collis, Surveyor, and Mr. Henry Alnutt, being examined, said, That the Road from Reading to Saint Albans, through Henley, Great Marlow, Chepping combe, Agmondesham, Cheynes, Rickmansworth, and Watford; and the Road from Great Marlow Bridge, through Bisham, to the Thirty Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading to Reading; are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow and incommodious, and that the same cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

And Mr. Collis added, That it will be more for the Convenience of the Public, and attended with a less Expence, to make p Road from Henley Town’s End,

VOL. 31,

Mr. Dundas reported from the (Committee, to whom Cnrnn the Petition of the honourable William Mure, of Cold-well. One of the Barons of His Majesty’s Court of Ex- Clyde

chequer in Scotland, John Ross Mackye, of Pulgowan, Navigation. Esquire, and Andrew Stuart, Esquire, Guardians of the Molt noble George James Duke of Hamilton and Brandon, for and on behalf of the said Duke, and of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Borrowfiounness; was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: vi

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr:

Robert Mackell, being examined, said. That he knows the Harbour of Borroiyflounness-, that it is capable of

receiving Ships of Five hundred Tons Burthen, and upwards; that the making a Navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication, from thence, to join the intended Cut, or Canal from the Firth of Forth to the Firth of Clyde, at or near the Place where it will fall into the Forth, would make the said Harbour much more complete, and be of great Utility: That he had surveyed the Land through which the said Cut, or Canal; is to pass, and thinks it is practicable to make l’Uch Cut; or Canal of Communication.

Mr. James Drummond confirmed the Evidence of Mr.

6 2 Mcxkdl,

54& $7° Januariu \ 1768*

Mackell, with respect to the Practicability of making bert Mr. Lord Strange, Mr. Ilarveu,

the Canal, and the great Utility it will be of to the Public.

Ordered, That it be an inflrurtion to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling,to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton-, and also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow, is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for making a Navigable Cut or Canal of Communication, from the

Port and Harbour of Burrowj to join the said

Canal, at or near the Place where it wdl fall into the Firth of Forth.

Glasgow Mr. Edmonstone presented to the House, according to

Exchange, Order, a Bill for making and widening a Passage, or c* Street, from the Salt Market Street, in the City of

gow,to Saint Andrew's Church in the said City; and for enlarging and completing the Church Yard of the said Church; and for making and building a convenient Exchange in the said City; and also for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of and for building a

Bridge cross the said River, from the said City, to the Village of Gorbells: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Crick ley HiU An ingrossed Bill for continuing and enlarging the

Road. Power* of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of

the Reign of his late' Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Top of in the County of Gloucester, to Frogg through the Towns of Northleach, Burford, and Whitney, and Parishes of

Hanboroughand Bladon, to in the Parilli of

Kidlington,in the County of Oxford-, and also, the Road from Whitney, through En/ham, and

ley,to the City of Oxford-, except so much thereof as relates to the Road from through Enjliam,

uer, and Botley, to the City of Oxford-, and also for repairing and widening the Road from to

the Turnpike Road at or near Enjlow Bridge, in the said County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Frogg Mill, through the Towns of

leach, Burford, and Whitney, and Parishes of Hanborough and Bladon,to Campsfield,in the Parish of Kidlington, in

the County of Oxford-, and also, the Road from Whitney, through Enjliam, Cumner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford-,except so much thereof as relates to the Road from Whitney, through En/ham, Cumner, and Botley, to the City of Oxford-, and also for repairing and widening the Road from Campsfield to the Turnpike Road at or near Enjlow Bridge, in the said County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Lord Charles do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Roxburgh Bill for repairing several Roads leading through the

Road*.6 County of Roxburgh, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Gray, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Pryce, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Campbell, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Shi finer, Mr.

Mr. Ojivald, Mr. ForLord Charles Spencer, Mr.

Archer, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Cornwall, Mr. DyJ'on, lx»rd George Sackville, Sir John HyndeCotton, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Jenkinson Mr<Clev-land, Colonel Fitzroy, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir Ro-9

Mr. Hayes, Mr. Brand, Mr. l\rejl, Mr. Oallow: And

all the Members who serve for No Britain: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,

in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord Brownloiv Bertie reported from the Committee, Billing-to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosmgtheOpen and borough. Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, within . *' the Parishes of Billingborougliand in the , Koute*

County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving the said Fen; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except James Cole and Benjamin Hunt, who refused to sign the Bill, but said they would not oppose the fame; and John Rimmington,who refused to iign the Bill, except he knew what was to be allotted him; whose several Estates within the said Parishes are assessed to the Land Tax for the yearly Sum of Three Pounds,

Five Shillings; and that the whole of the Estates within the said Parishes aTe assessed for t he yearly Sum of Six hundred and Fifty-four Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Six Pence;) and that the Committee had gone through t he Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and principal High Price Inhabitants of the Town and County of the Town of of; Nottingham, was presented to the House and read; rovi ®M’ Complaining of the Distrefl’es which the Poor in general labour -under, from the Dearness of Corn and other Pfo-visions; And praying the House to take the Matter into Consideration, and provide such Remedies as ilut.ll feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Arts passed in the latt Session of Parliament, relative to Chm and Provisions.

ATetition of the Prisoners for Debt, confined in the DiRteflW Goal of the Cal'lle of Oxford: And also, Deb;ur\

A Petition of the Prisoners, confined for Debt, in His Ditto. Majesty’s Goal at Maidstone, in the County of Kent-,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Tabic.

A Bill for the more speedy and effectual Transporta- Tnnfpor* tion of Offenders, was read a Second Time. tujon of

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gray, Off.-adcrj. Mr. Ryder, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Mr. Sir

Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Shi finer, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Conway, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Burke, Sir Charles Banbury, Nlr. xcell. Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Coventry, Mr. West, Mr.

Barrow, Mr. Goddard, Mr. Mr. Bootle, Mr.

Montagu, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir John llynde Cotton, 'blr.VanJit:tart, Stf Edward Wilmington, Mr. Wynn, Lord Pigot, Mr. Herne, Mr. Methuen, Mr. ley; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Kobe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to s^PP*y*

resolve

8 Geo. III. 270 Januatii.547

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to South Barbary and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1768, be consider further of t he Supply granted to His Majesty; referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence attending Then the House resolved itself into the said Coin-General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North mittee.

America, for the Year 1768, be referred to the said Mr., Speaker left the Chair.

Committee. Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Ordered, That the Eftiraate of the Charge of main- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

taining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His ^Av.Palerfon reportedfrom the Committee* That they

MajestVs Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1768, had come to several Resolutions* which they had directed be referred to the said Committee. , him to report when the House \^rili please tp receive

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment the feme, of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and otherincidental Ordered, That the Report be received Tp-morroW

Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June Morning.

1767 to the 24th of June 1768, be referred to the said Mr. Paterson Mo acquainted the House, that he was Committee. directed by the Committee to move, that they may have,

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establish* Leave to fit again. ' ment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 24th of June 1767'to the 24th of June 1768, be House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His referred to the said Committee* Majesty.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establish^ ment of His Majesty’s Province of Weji Florida, and Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Surpluflca; other incidental Expences attending the fame, from Addrefis to His Majesty*

the 24 th of June 1767 to the 24th of June 1768, he Surplusses^atedthejthDay of April Andalfo* referred to the said Committee* Surpluses, stated the xothDay of October 1767.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read, supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of The saidSurplusses are preserved amongst the other

the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Papers of this Session; and the Abstracts thereof

Coast oAfrica, situate between the Port of Sallee in are as followethi viz.

Vol. 3*.

ABSTRACT

ABSTRACT of the faitl Surpluses, Hated the 5th Day of April 1767.

g

ca

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

Th« FxcWiutr to the Sinking Fund -

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1767; viz. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 -Surplus of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 -Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3

r To Monies brought to this Account on the 5th Day of April 1767, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; viz, £. s. d.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 4® Georgii %*$ for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 25® Georgii 2* - - - 16,283 — —

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Act 16° Georgii 2*, brought to this Account pursuant to

Ditto.....5,939 — "

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 18® Georgii 2*°, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D® - 16,929 3 3$

Surplus of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 199 Georgii 2^, for the Service of the Year 1746, brought to this Account pursuant to D® ... 21,071 17 x

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20® Georgii 2d, for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant toD® - 31*796 — — The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 21° Georgii act, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - - . -147,109 5 —

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6® Georgii i®1, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this account pursuant to D® ----- 1 —

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in or vending of Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this

Fund by an Act 32° Georgii 2dl..... 2,060 — —

Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by Act 6®

Georgii 3rti, and the Arrears of the Duties on D®, repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act - 1041516 13 8}

The Duty of $s. 4 d. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 2^ ----- -119,393 3 3l

The Duty of 12 sh. per Barrel on Sweets or Win as made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii ‘idi, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 27® Georgii 2di ----- 2,846 ~ —

Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper and Coals, continued by an Act 2® Georgii *2‘‘, for raising the Sum of £. 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England% brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28® Georgii 2dl ----- 23,162 10 4

Surplus of the Duty upon Coals, continued by an Act i° Georgii 2rfl, for raising the Sum of £. 1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to thu Bank of E-tsluid, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28° Georgii 2^ - -- 5,850 — 1

The Duly on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseablu

Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 29® Georgii 2^ 30,366

The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 29* Georgii 2^ - - - - 5, to$ M

Dr.

486,460

100,383

3H-99*

«. d. 15 6$ 12 3 4 5}

901,736 12 3

1. d*

4

Per Contra - Cr.

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year* ntereat, doe the 5th Day of January 1767, being after the Rate of £-SPar &n*m per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 33,127,821. 5s. id. |. subscribed to the Joint Stock of £.3 per Centum transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts 25®, 28®, 29°, 32®, and 33* Georgii 2" and 4® Georgii in

that Behalf..... ..... 496,917

By D®, for Charges of Management of the said Joint Stock of Annuities for the same Half Year - - 9*236

By D°, more for Haifa Year’s Interest, due the said 5th Day of January 1767 on£. 900,000 consolidated with, and added to the said Joint Stock of Annuities, by an Act 6® Georgii 3^, being Part of£. 1,500,000 the Amount of the Annuities and Lottery, established by the said Act ----- 13*50° "

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of April 1767, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of^. 19,183,323. 16#. 4d. the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England pursuant to the Acts 25® Georgii 241, and 50 Georgii 3UI, in that Behalf - - - - 287,749 17 1}

By J>, for Charges of Management of £. 17*701,323. i6x. 4 d. Part of the said Joint Stock of Annuities

for the same Half Year ----- - 4,978 Q io£

By TP, for Charges of Management of £.600,000, other Part of D°, for 2 Years to the said 5th of April

1767.....r..... . 67o-

By D®, for Charges of Management of £. 600,000, (raised by Way of Lottery) other Part of the said Joint

Stock, for One Year to the said 5th Day of April’ 1767 - -- 337 10 —

By D®, for Charges of Management of £. 282,000, other Part of the said Joint Stock for One Year to the said 5th Day of 1767 - -- -- - 158 12 6

By D®, for Charges of Management ofj£\ 300,000, which by the above mentioned Act 50 Georgii 3*", the Proprietors had Liberty to subscribe for Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer for One Year to the 5th Day of April 1766 - -- -- - 168 15"

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5 th Day of January 1767, being after the Rate of£. 3* 101. per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 1,500,000, Part of £. 2,000,000 lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1756 pursuant to an Act 29® Georgii 2dl, in that Behalf - - - - 26,250 — —

By D®, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year - - - 421 17 6

By Half a Year’s Annuity, due 5th January 1767, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum on the principal Sum of£. 2,100,000 transferrable at the South Sea House, lent on Credit of this Fund towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to an Act 24® Georgii 2* in that Behalf - 31,500 — —

By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, &c. for Half a Year’s Allowance, for Charges of

Management of the said Annuities, due at the same Time pursuant to the same Act* in that Behalf - 590 12 6

By the Chief Cashier of the said Company of Merchants, trading to the South Seas, &c. to reimburse the Fees and Charges in passing the Accounts of the Monies imp rested to him for paying the said Annuities (1751) and for his Trouble and other Chvrges in the Premisses for 3 Years, ended the 5th J/mtiaru 1766 - - 1,044 19 2

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship payable at the Exchequer,

granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 5® Georgii^, for the Half Yearended the 5th of April 1767 270 — — '

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30® Georgii

2®*, and charged on this Fund, by an Act 32® Georgii 2di, for the Half Year ended the 5th January 1767 *5>779 7

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Annuity due the said 5th April 1767 on the principal Sums of £. 8,240,000 in Annuif ies, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2dJ, and £. 12,000,000 in Anne»*‘es, granted by an Act 2® Georgii 3ui, making together ^.20,240,000, which w ere made one Joint Stock of£. 4 per Cent. Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England, by an Act 2° Georgii 3^ - -..... 404,800 — — -

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Half Y'car ----- 5,092 10

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuif iesgranted per Acts 1° & 2® Georgii $til, for pQ and 98 Years, W’hich Were made one Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 5 January 1764 by an Act 40 Georgii 3*, for the HalfWnr ended the 5th Lay of January 1767 - - 124,125 — — *

By D®, for CTiargts rfMa&agomcut ef tfutsa Annuities, for the sumo Half Year 1,745 10 i£

(n

-L

00

o

V


M

Os

o©

D

cq"

n'

CD

Cl

cr

<5

f*

CO

-a

The several Rates and’ Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic, or 'r '

Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this

Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii v*1 - - - 7,205 — "

The additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 300 Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 39* Georgii 2di - -29,^31-----

The additional Duty on Coals exported, the like - - - - 4,612 7 —

The Surplus of the New Duty on Licences to retail 'Wine, the like - ,437 a J

Ditto of the Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors]! the Tike - 6 *i.J

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported,gianted In an Act,

320 Georgii 241, brought to this Account pursuant to tin’ Act 33®

Georgii 2di - - - - 110,007 10 5J

The additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like - - - ? - 2,329 — —

The additional Inlaud Duty on Codbe,y)tr Acts 32° Gforgu2di, and 50

Georgii gtil - -- - 3,422 — —

The Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 240 Georgii 2dl> brought to this Account pursuant to an Act <i°Tleorgii

3lil - - - 16,391 19 4'

The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 330 Gedjrgii'oP, and 6° Georgii 3, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 2° and 6° Georgii 3tU ----- -118,009 — —

The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 2° Georgii 3tH,

and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act - 22,755 A- —

The Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 33° Georgii 4^, brought to

thi- Account pursuant to one other Act 2° Georgii 3lii - "- - 52,889 — —

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act i° Georgii 3tU, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii

3,h - , ;.....----- - - -217,537-----

To the additional Duty on the Exportation of Coals, and of several Ea India Goods, $-r. granted and made a Part of thitf Fund by ata Act 50 Gc rvgii 3th - - - - *. 5,3^3 t8 'ij

To the additional Duty on Policies of Assurance, the like ' - - 256 — —

To the additional Duty on Italian Silk Crapes and Tifianiefc, imported,

granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3 - 1.198 '6 3

To the additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks, <\c. granted and made a Part of this Fund by one other Act 6° Georgii 3* ‘ - 143 15 11 \

1,138,485 13 5J

£ 2,040,222 5 8.}

W

Vl

H

S3

n

.H

- 34* *35 10 7{

489 17 '5*

By the Chief.Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Charges of Management.

of the several Annuities payable in respect ot rive millions, borrowed pursuant to an Act 310 Georgii^1, for the Service of the Yeai 1758. which said Management is charged on this Fund, by a Clause in the said Act, for the HalfYear ended the 5th Day of January 1767 - - - 1,406 5 —

By the said Chi^f Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Three Months Interest, after the Rate of /*. 4 per Cent, per Annum on/'.870,88s. 5 s. 5 \d. due the 25th Day of Decet.ihcr,

1766, when the same was paid oft’ and redeemed pursuant to an Act 6° Georgii 3* *, being Part of £. 2,612,664. 16s. 4 hd. then remaining unredeemed of the Annuities, granted in lieu of Navy, Victualling, and Transport' Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, subscribed pursuant to an Act 3* Georgii 3U1, in that Behalf, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, pursuant to a Clause in the said Act 6° Georgii 3tl* ----- 8,708 17 7 j

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said /\8yo,888. 5 $. 5 hd. for the same 3 Months, to be replaced to

this Fund out of the Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, after issuing the same, *

pursuant to a Clause in the Act 30 Georgii 3lil, in that Behalf - -- -- - 122 9 4J

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due

the 25th Day of March 1767 on £. 1,741,776. io.v. lid. remaining unredeemed of t he Sum of£. 3,483,553.

is. 10cl. the Amount of the said Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures subscribed for Annuities, charged on this Fund by the aforementioned Act 3* Georgii 3lii, which Sum is to be replaced to (hisFund, out of the Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, after issuing the same, pursuant to a Clause in the said Act, in that Behalf -

By I>\ for Charges of Management of the said unredeemed Annuities, for the same HalfYear, to be also replaced to this Fund, out of the Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, after issuing the same, pursuant to the said Clause, in the said Act 30 Georgii 3!il -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of January 1767 of the Tax on Offices and Pensions, and the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 31* Georgii 2di, together with the Sum of £. 23,304. 7.9. 6{d. being One Fourth Part of the Sum of/*. 93,217. 10 s. 1 d. per Ann, directed by an Act6° Georgii 3|i,to be applied out of the Duties upon Houses and Windows, granted from the 10th of October 1766, and the Arrears of the Duties thereby repealed, for answering and paying Annuities at the Bank of England, in‘respect of Five millions borrowed by virtue of the above mentioned Aet3i° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1758, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, pursuant to a Clause in the said Act, in that Behalf ----- 28,290 12 5*

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency on thef,th Day of April 1767 of the additional Duties on Wines imported, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 3tU, and of the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3tH, tfc. for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, after the Rate of £.4- per Cent, on /*. 3,500,000 borrowed by virtue of an Act 30 Georgii 3til, for the Service of the Year 1763, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, pursuant to a Clause in the said Act 30 Georgii 3,u, in that Behalf - -- 38,318 16 11

By Susannah Brerewood, for an Annuity (called Banker’s Annuity) on the principal Sum of £. 80 at £. 3 per Centum per Annum, for 11 Years and Three Quarters to the 29th September 1717,/". 28. 4*. and for Re-

demption of the said Annuity, and Discharge of the said principal Sum of/*. 80, the further Sum of/*. 40, being One Moiety thereof, pursuant to an Act 13° Georgii l®1, in thai-Behalf - - - 68 4 —

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Service, Pains, and La-bour of the said Governor and Company and the Officers employed by them, and to reimburse their Expences in taking in Subscriptions to the Annuities and Lottery established by an Act 50 Georgii 3tU, to satisfy and discharge certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills - - - . - - - - 1,208 13 9

By the Managers and Directors of the Lottery, established by an Act 6* Georgii 3t:i, in Reward for theh*

Labour, Pains, and Service, in executing the said Commission .- . - - - 6,300 ——

By Samuel Wilson, Gent. Secretary to the said Managers and Directors, for incident Expences relating to the said Lottery. - . - 4 - - - - 1,400 — —

By Cash taken in full of £. 2,150.000, granted out of this Fund towards the Supply of the \ear 1766,

pursuant to an Act 6^. Georgii 3*", in that-Behalf -- - - - - -- - - 23,983 12 io£

O

V


3;

By Cash remaining in tfip Exchequer on the 5 th of April if by, for the Disposition of Parliament

This being the Eighty-ninth Half yearly Account, made up pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii i1 (Page 367) is humbly presented this 27th Day of January 1768, by me

Grey Cooper.

>»571.74 1 1 8

- 4<*M47 H "i

2,040,2*22 5 I OJ I

4-

8 Geo. III.

ABSTRACT of the said Surpluses, stated the ioth Day of October 1767.

g

(Q

n’

CD

CL

O'

O

0

o

00,

rT

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund

Tn Cash remaining the re on the 5th Day of Api’il 1767, for the Disposition of Parliament -To Surplus Mouies arisen within tire Half Year, ended the 10th Dav of October 1707; ris.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 - 881,81-8

Surplus of the South Srtt Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 - - 91,719

Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 - 338,753,

Dr.

£ * 469^47 14

d

Per ContrQ

d.

nf

6

01

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods imported and undervalued, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 11° Georgii l"* - -

To Monies brought to this Account on the 10th Day of October 1767, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; viz.

1,315,33* 4 11 j

7 19 11

d.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 4* Georgii 2a, for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act *25° Georgii 2^ -

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines, and Strong Waters, granted per Act 160 Georgii 2*°, brought to this Account pursuant to Ditto - -

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 180 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant toD° -Surplus of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 19' Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1746, brought to this Account pursuant to D® -The Duty on Coaches granted by an Act 20 Georgii 2*, for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to Ditto 45,429 18 3

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 210 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D* -

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6° Georgii imi, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D° -The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons, dealing in or vending of Gold or S:’ver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2*

- 20,593 14 11

14,784 4 4

- 28,296 14 n|

- 25/27* 7 4

- 137,935 I. 4

Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii and the Arrears of the Duties on IP, repealed

4,622 — —

thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act The Duty of 3s. 4 d, per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account

66,550 8

pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 2* -

- 109,888 5

9i

81

The Duty of 12 sk.per Barrel on Sweets, or Wines, made from British, or foreign Fruit, or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 27° Georgii 2dl - - - - 4,024 — —

Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2° Georg// 2dl, for raising the Sura of£. 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii- - 31,309 9 w

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, duo the 5th Day of July 1767, being after the Hate of£. 3 per Centum per Ann/nn, on the principal Sum of£. 34,627,821. 5 s. 1 ±d. subscribed to the Joint Stock of£. 3 per Centum transferable Annuities, at the Bank of England pursuant to the Acts 25°, 28°, 290, 32°, ef 330 Georgii 2*, and 40 et 6° Georgii 3111, in that Behalf ——

By IP, for Charges of Management of £. 33,127,821. 5 s. 1 Jd. Part of the said Joint Stock of Annuities for the same Half Year ——

By IP, for Charges of Management of £. 900,000, other Part of D°, for One Year and Half to the said 5th July 1767 -

By D°, for Charges of Management of 600,000, Residue of D0, for Half a Year to D°

By D®, more for Half a Year’s Interest, due the said 5th Dav of July 1767, on £. 900,000 consolidated with, and added to the said Joint Stock of £ 34,627,821. 5*. i^d. by an Act 70 Georgii j*11, being Part of £. 1,500,000, the Amount of the Annuities and Lottery, established by the said Act -

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 10th Day of October 1767, being after the Kate of £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 19,183,323. 16 s. 4 d. the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuities, transferable at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts 25* Georgii 2dl, and 50 Georgii 3rli, in that Behalf -

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Half Year By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of July 1767, being after the Hate of £.3. 10 j. per Contttm per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 1,500,000, Part of Two millions lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1756, pursuant to the Act 29° Georgii 2dI, in that Behalf -

By D', for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Half Year -By Haifa Year’s Annuity, due the said 5th Day of July 1767, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Ann. on the principal Sum £.2,100,000 transferrable at the South Sea House, lent on Credit of this Fund towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to the Act 24* Geot'gti 2^, in that Behalf -By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, $c. for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same Tjiue, pursuant to the same Act ——

By Cash taken to answer Annuities-on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2ci, and charged on this I und by an A cl 32° Georgii 2Ji, for the Half Year ended the 5th July 1757 -

By Cash taken to ansu er Annuit* on Lives, \v»'th the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and ( barged on this I und by an Act 50 Georgii 3f , for the Half Year ended the 10th Day of October 1767 ——

By the Chief Cashier of t he Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Annuity, d ie the ?oth Day of OctoUr 1707, on the principal Sums of £. 8,240,000 in Annuities, granted by an Act 33^ Georgii 2^, and £. 12,000,000 in Annuities, granted by an Act 2° Georgii 3lil, making together £. 20,2*0,000, which were made One Joint Stock of £. 4 per Con*. Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England, by an Act Georgii 3111 -

By D°, for Charges of ?*ianagcmeutof the s - . A. ‘ cs, for the same Half Year -By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor »: . '\ . f the Bank of England, for Annuities granted by Acts i°ct2° Georgii J11, ter 99 amJ 98 Years, which were made One

Cr.

5»9>4J7 6 4l

9,436 3 nl

7S9

168

7 6 15 —

43»Soo — —

487,749 17

5,395 6

46,450 — — 421 17 6

31,500 — —

59° L* ®

15,688 15 —

270 —

404,800 — 5^92 10

2? Januarii. A r?68

£irr!:s r>f the UuLcson Cm1«, continued by an Act if Gondii for ni.siu:; the Sum c» j ,7f).//;oo by Sale of Annuities to the c4 <:i Kurjand, brought to this Account pursuant to the said

f Act -2S° Atw/ft* 2di .....27,319 3 2j

Tiie Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other excisc-7" able Liquors, brought to thi* Account pursuant to an Act 29®

Georgii -idl - - 15>°94 16 9

The additional Duties on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account

pursuant to one other Art *2° (Jeon'll 2di - 4,787 —

Thesjver.il Rates and Duties, payable, by all Persons, bodies Politic or ’Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pur>ua»i* to one other Act *29° Georgii *2di 6,242 — — * The additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, g; anted by an Act 30* Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 32° (Icon'll 2d! ----- 33>002 6 7

The additional Duties on Coals exported, the like - 7,934 14 "

The Surplus of the New Duties on Licences to retail Wine, the like 11,440 4

Ditto of the Duties on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like - 16,501 — — The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 320 Georgii 2d*, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act

33° Georgii 2dl.....- -105,247 n loj

The additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like - - 1,440 — —

The additional Inland Duty on Coflee, per Acts 32* Georgii 241, el

5° Georgii 3,fl.....3*9*7 — —

To the Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 24w Georgii 2*1, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 20 Georgii 3MI ----- 30,664 — —

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Arts 33*

Georgii 2dl, el 6* Georgii 3tiI, brought to this Account, pursuant te

Acts -2° et 6° Georgii 3d1 ----- - 180,869 — — -

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act -2°

Georgii 3til, ana brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act 35,491-

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by ati Act 33* Georgii gfi, brought to this Account, pursuant to" one other Act 2° Georgii

3tM -.....233,265 — —

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer, and Ale, granted by an Act i° Georgii 3tl1, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Ckorgii 3d1 ----- 264,670 — —

To the additional Duties on the Exportation of Coals, and of several Bntl India Goods, ice. granted and made a Pan of this Fund by an Act 5# Georgii 3d1 - -- -- - 23,888 10 \

To the additional Duties on Policies of Assurance, the like - - 517 13 6

To #>e additional Duty upon Italian Silk, Crapes, and Tiffanies, imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6*

Georgii 3d4 - - - 998 18 lj

To the Duties upon East India Wrought Silks, be. granted (from the ist of August 1766) and made a Part of this Fund by one other Act 6 Georgii 3d4.----- - 2,006 4 6

To the additional Duties upon Broad Cloth, and Drillings

imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund, by an Act 7°

Georgii 3*" - 7>5<x> — —

-1,501,702 19 6

Mi7>°43 4 4J

Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 5th of January 1764, by an Act 4° Georgii 3tU, for the Half Year ended the 5th Bay of July 1767 -

By D°, for Charges of Management of these Annuities, for the same Half Year -By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities, payable in respect of Five millions, borrowed pursuant to an Act 310 Georgii lidi, for the Service of the Year 1758, which said management is charged on this Fund, by a Clause in the said Act, for the Half Year ended the 5th of July 1767 -

Bv the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the ‘29th Day of September 1767, on £. 1,741,776. icm. nd. remaining unredeemed of the Sum of £, 3,483,5.53. 1*. 10d. the Amount of the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, subscribed for Annuities charged on this Fund, by an Act 30 Georgii 3llt, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund, out of the Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, after issuing the same, pursuant to a Clause in the said Act, in that Behalf -

for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year, to be also replaced to this Fund, out of the Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, after issuing the same, pursuant to a Clause in the said Act, in this Behalf -By Cash, taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1767, of the Tax on Offices and Pensions, granted by an Act 31° Georgii <i6X, with a Moiety of £.93,217. 103. id. per Ann rui, charged on the Duties on Houses and Windows, by an Act 69 Georgii 3tU, for answering and paying Annuities at the Bank of England, in respect of Five millions, borrowed by virtue of the said Act 310 Georgii *2", for the Service of the Year 1758, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, pursuant to a Clause in the said Act, in that Behalf

By Cash, taken to make good the Deficiency on the 10th Day of October 1767, of the additional Duties on Wines imported, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 3d', and of the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3*", frc. for paying Annuities at the Batik of England, after the Rate of £. 4 per Cent. on £. 3,500^*00 borrowed by virtue of an Act 30 Georgii 3fl1, for the Service of the Year 1763, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, pursuant to a Clause in the said Act (3* Georgii 3d1) in that Behalf By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Service, Pains, and Labour, of the said Governor and Company, and the Officers employed by them, and to reimburse their Expences, in receiving and paying into the Exchequer, the Contributions to Annuities and Lottery, established by an Act 6° Georgii 3m ——

By the Commissioners appointed for taking in Tickets of the Lottery, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3di, and making out Certificates in lieu thereof, in Reward for their Labour, Pains, and Service - -- - - - -r

By Samuel Wilson, Gent. Secretary to the said Commissioners, for incident Expences attending that Service - - r

By D°, as Secretary to the Managers and Directors of the Lottery, established by an Act 7* Georgii 3tU, towards defraying the incident Expences attending the said Lottery -

By Cash, taken towards the Supply of the Year 1767 pursuant to an Act 70 Georgii tf*, (being the Surplus of this Fund, which remained for the Disposition of Parliament on 5th April 1767) - -

114,1*5 — —

t/745 i°

W4 5 —

34^35 >0 7$

4*9 17 si

«5.»90 5 3$

*».°3 i9 ,

1,208 13 g

850

1,000 ___

OO

NJ

o

Geo. III.

cn

uv

g

(Q

r — h

n'

CD

CL

CT

0fihc SuPP’y % Year 1767, for the Pur-

pose, tallowing, by an Act f Georgii'3«u iu that Behalf; t»f

To replace to this Fund, the like Sum paid out of the same, to £. $ d

make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1766 of the

several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund by an Act of the 31st \ ear of the Reign of his late Majesty, for paying Annuities in respect to Five millions, borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758 - - 49,660 0 2J

To replace to this Fund, the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency on the 10th of October 1766, of several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon Cyder and Perry, which were made a Fund, for paying Annuities in respect of £. 3,500,000, borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1763 - - 12*758 13 7

To replace to this Fund, the like Sum issued out of the same, to discharge for the Year ended the 29th Day of September 1766, the Annuities after the Rate of £. 4 per Cent, attending such Part of the Joint Stock established by an Act, made in the 3d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, as remained unredeemed, on the said 29th Day of September 1766 - 104,506 11 ie

To replace to this Fund, the like Sum issued out of the same, for paying the Charges of Management of the Annuities attending the said Joint Stock, for One Year ended the 29th Day of September 17 66.....l>592 1

To replace to this Fund, the like Sum paid out of the same, to discharge from the 29th of September 1766 to the 25th of December following, the Annuities attending such Part of the said Joint Stock, as was redeemed in pursuance of an Act, made in the 6th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign -

8,708 17 7j

To Cash brought to this Fund from the Stamp Duties, granted and made payable in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, by an Act 5* 3 ,

replacing hereto the Monies issued out of the same, to defray the necessary Expellees towards carrying the said Act into Execution, pursuant to a Clause in the said Act, in that Behalf *

177,226 14 1

3,oooo — —

a,997»l69 18 5$

£. 3,466,417 I*

By Caih taken further, towards the Supply of the Year 1767, in Part of £. 2,010,1*1

10$. 3 Jd. granted by the saM Act 70 Gtorgiir$%it$ for the Service of the said Year - 14^*374 5 *1

£. 3^417 6*

This being the Ninetieth Half-yearly Account, made up ^pursuant to an Act 9° Georgii i*1 (Page 367) is humbly presented this 27th Day of January 176$,

by me.

Grey Cooper.

Nj

1.

c

-1

v3

On

00

5

8 Geo. III.

27* — 28° Januarii.

Ordered, That the said Surpluses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 8° Januarii;

Anno 8° Georgii III1* Regis, 1768*

Pray ers.

Birmingham 4 N ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a na-Cana. _/V vigable Cut, or Canal, from Birmingham to Bil-

stone; and for making collateral Cuts and Waggon Ways from several Coal Mines; and for continuing the said Canal from Biljione to there to com-

municate with the Canal now making, between the Rivers Severn and Trent; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from Birmingham to Biljione, and from thence to Autherlcy, there to communicate with the Canal now making, between the Rivers Severn and Trent, and for making collateral Cutsup to several Coal Mines.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Private Bu- Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House, fiuefs. Tomorrow, to proceed upon any private Business after Two of the Clock.

Woucrhton Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to on the Gruen Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Inclosure. CommonFields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Woughton on the Green, in the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Abingdon Mr. Morton reported from the Committee, to whom &c- the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of °"d‘ the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and other substantial Inhabitants of the said County and Borough, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitioni and had directedhim to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Payne, being examined, said, That the Road leading from the Mayor's Stone, at the End of the Boar Street, in the Borough of Abingdon, through Cumner, to the ancient Horse Road at Swinford, in the County of Berks, is in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary CourfeofLaw.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Mayor's Stone, in Abingdon, in the County of Berks, through Cumner, to the ancient Horse Road at in the said County: And that Mr. Morton and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. George Clive reported from the Committee, to

C» le Roads. whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, residing in or near the Town of Bishop's Castle, in the County of Salop, and the Town of Knighton, in the County of Radnor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, interested in, or residing near, the several Roads therein after mentioned, whose Voi. 31.

Names are thereunto subscribed; and also,the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Salop and Montgonnery, interested in, or refidingnear,the several Roads thereinafter mentioned,' whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were fevera !ly referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards, delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. William Hitchcock, a Surveyor, said. That he fiirveyed the Road leading from Bishop's Castle, in the County of Salop to Knighton, in the County of Radnor; and from Bijtwp'sCajlle aforesaid to Longden, and also to mery and Welsh-pool; vin&fromMontgomery to the Turn-

pike Road at Westbursj;and from Brotton to the Turnpike Road at Mivjlerley;in the said County of Salop.

That the said several Roads arc in a ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious for Carriages; and cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair by the ordinary Course of Law.

That, in order to prevent the evading of Tolls, it will be iiecessary to Unit up a Lane, called The Back Lane, leading from the East End of Montgomery to Dudston; for without it Persons travelling from Montgomery to Cherbury can easily evade paying the Tolls: And that the lhutting up the said Lane will be no Injury to any Person whatsoever.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in' a Bill for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bishop's Castle ;and from Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at Westbury , and from Bratton to the Turnpike Road at Minfte rly,in the several Counties of

Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery: And that Mr. George Clive and Mr. Edward Herbert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tile House being informed, that Mr. Rozce, from the Treasury, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, "The ill September 1767. Report of the Commissioners and Trustees for managing " the annexed forfeited Estates in Scotland, to the " Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury,

" which, by an Act of the 25th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, is directed to be laid before both " Houses of Parliament."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Brooke, Doctor in Physic, with Harriet Nelthorpe his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Failures, within the Township of Hotham, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for keeping down the Interest of Money borrowed:

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

7 B Refoldedi

Forfeited Elhtes in Scotland;

Brooke’*

Divorce*

Hotham

Inclosure*

554 28° — Janu1768.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Paliures, within the Township of Hothaviy in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. D do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Seend, Sir James Long presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an 0 ' made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty K\ngGeorgethe Second, for repairing the Road from the Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts,to B in the County of So-merfet; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the same Year, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, as relates to the Road from a Place in Trowle Bridge Lane to Midword, and from FreJJifordto Halts Clo/e, in Stoke s and for amending the said Hoads, and also several other Roads leading from or near the Roads included in the said Acts: -And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lakenheath Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee,

D &c- to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names ralna8C* are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and otherwise interested in certain Fen Lands, in the Parishes of Lakenheath and Brandon, in the County of Suffolk, lying within the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; v

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Young, being examined, said. That the said Fen Lands are frequently overflowed, and yield but little Profit to the Owners: That, if the said Lands were properly imbanked and drained, it would be of great Advantage to the several Parties interested therein.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parishes oi Lakenheath and Brandon, in the County of Suffolk: And that Sir Charles Bunbury, Sir Edward tiering, Mr. Holt, and Sir Simeon do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Selkirk Mr. Pringle presented to the House, according to Road.Order, a Bill for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Selkirk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Account; The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from

Salted the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended

Whc«r*c. at D°°r > be was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- Tented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity offalted Fish imported into Scotland, from America, and exported from hence, from the til Day of January 1767 to the 8th Day of December 1767, being as far as the same can be made up: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of failed Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, imported from Ireland into Scotland, from the ill Day of January 1767 to the 8th Day of December 1767, being as far as the same can be made up: And also.

An Account of the several Duties that have been paid on the Importation of Bacon, Bologna Sausages, Caviare, and Botargo, into Scotland, from ill January 1760 to the 3d December 1767; distinguishing the Amount of the Duties in each Year: And also,

21

An Account of the Quantities of Rice, Sago, Powder, and Vermicelii, imported into Scotland, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, together with an Account of what Quantity has been exported, from the 4th Day of May 1767 to the 8th Day of December 1767, being as far as the same can be made up; difr tinguishing the Colonies from whence the same were imported: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease, imported into Scotland from the 25th Day of March 1767 to the 8th Day of December 1767, being as far as the same can be made up; diliinguishing the Quantics imported in each Mouth: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Wheat and Wheat-flour, imported into Scotland, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, from the ift Day of January 1767 to the 8th Day of December 1767, being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Quantities imported in each Month, and the Colonies from whence the same were imported: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Wheat, Wheat-flour, and other Species of Grain and Pulse, imported into Scotland, from any Part of Europe or Africa, from the ill Day of January 1767 to the 8th Day of December ijO-j, being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Quantities imported in each Month, and the several Places from whence the same were imported.

Mr. Roive also, from the Commissioners of the Caf-toms in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of all Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour,

Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, that have been exported from Scotland, before the 24th Day of November last, being the Beginning of the present Session of Parliament, to any Place whatsoever, by virtue or in pursuance of any of the Liberties or Powers given or granted by the Act 7 Geo. III. distinguishing to what Places the same have been exported: And also.

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Straits and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens; from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported, from the 10th of Oftobe 1766 to the 10th Oaober 1767.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be petufed by the Members of the House,

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Paper's of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. from Accmmt.

the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called sinking* in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant Fund to their Orders* ai*d

An Account of the Money issued out of the Sinking Fund, to discharge, from the 29th Day of September 1767 to the 25th Day of December following, and from the 1 oth Day of October 1767 to the 5 th Day of January 1768, the respective Annuities attending fueli Parts of the Joint Stocks as were redeemed and paid off on the 25th Day of Decembet 1767, and the 5th Day of January 1768, in pursuance of Two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Ser -vice of the Year 1767.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The laid Accounts are as followeth.; out.

To

Severn

to

Droitwich

Canal.

ImhofPa

Nat.

8 Geo. III. 28° — Jamarii.

555

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Money issued out of the Sinking Fund, to discharge, from the 29th of Day of September 1767, to the 25th Day of December following, and from the 10th Day of October 1767, to the 5th Day of January 1768, the respective Annuities attending such Parts of the Joint Stocks as were redeemed and paid off on the 25th Day of December 1767 and the 5th Day of January 1768, in pur-fuanoe of Two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament.

The Money issued out of the Sinking Fund, to discharge, from the 29th Day of September 1767, to the 25th Day of December following, the Annuities attending such Part of the Joint Stock as was £. s. d, redeemed and paid off on the 25th Day of December 1767, amounts to the Sum of - 17,417 *5 3l

The Money issued out of the Sinking Fund, to discharge, from the 10th Day of OBober 1767, to the 5th Day of January 1768, the Annuities attending such Part of the Joint Stock as was redeemed and paid off on the 5th Day of January 1 768, amounts to the Sum of 8,71,0 — —

,£.26,167 15 s$.-

1 — r nil * iidtu-V-f n , 1

P.

Exchequer, the 28th Day of January 1768.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCO UNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raffing a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1767

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the above Ad, amount to the Sum of One Million Eight Hundred Thousand Pounds.

S. P. JulliotL

Exchequer, the 28th Day of January 1768.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Severn, at or near a Place called Ilaw-ford, in the Parish of Claines, in the County of Worcester,to or near a Place called Chapel Bridge, within the Borough of Droilwich, in the said County, without any Amendment: and also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing David Peyer Imhoff, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vol. 31.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue Ids Warrant tb the Clerk of the drown, to make out a atfty Writ for the ele&ing of a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leomtyter, in the fiotantjr *f Hertford, in the room of Edward Wilks, Esquire, now one of the Justices of His Majesty’s Court of King's Bench.

An frigrossed Biff fretti the Lotd*, intituled, An Act for exemplifying, or inrolling, art Indenture of Settlement of Elizabeth Bridget, ihd the Will irtiti Chdfdls Of Brooke Bridges, Esquire, and making the same Evidence

as well in Ireland as Great , was read the First

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen,

within

Leonriifter

Writ.

Bridget*.

wSi.

Btllingborotigh

Indoiurt.

556 st8° Januarii. 1768.

within thcParishes of Biand , in

the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving the said Fen, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, within the Parishes of Billingboroug and Birthorpe, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving the said Fen.

Ordered, That Lord Brownloro Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

jjnbjr Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, to

Firing, whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Brethren, and capital Burgesses, of the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, in Common Council assembled, and of several of the Freeholders, Owners, and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Borough, and of other Burgesses of the said Borough, besides the Burgesses before mentioned, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to tire House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Richard Whitby, being examined, said, That there is a Parcel of Land within the said Borough, called Nun's Green; and that, for some Years past, many Erections and Incroachments have been made thereon, and Gravel is dug for private and particular Uses, as well as for the Turnpike Roads, which makes Pits; wherein great Quantities of Water stagnate, and become offensive and detrimental to the Health of the Inhabitants of the said Borough.

That the Inhabitants of the said Borough are One Third more in Number than Twenty Years ago, and therefore in great Want of more Monies for their Iteli-dence; and that, if Power was given to fell some Part of the said Green, to build Houses thereon, and to prevent Encroachments and Nilifauces for the future, it would he of great Utility to all Persons haring a Right of Common on the said Green, and to all Persons residing in the said Borough j and that it would like wife be very advantageous if the Remainder of the said Green were made a Stinted Common.

Mr. William Merry Locket confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That T-cave be given to bring in a Bill for felling Part of a Green, called Nun's Green, in the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof, in the improvement of the remaining Part of the said Green, and for oilier Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Filzherbert, Mr. Coutts, and Lord Frederick Cuvendish,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Pryfe Campbell reported from the Committee MJGdfc who were appointed to prepare an Fithnate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and of the Amount of Twenty-eight Days Subsistence for the Commission Officers of the said Militia, under the Rank of Major, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1768, That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly j which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, and of the Amount of 28 Days Subsistence for the Commission Officers of the said Militia, under the Rank of Major, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1768.

Pay to 30,840 private Men, at is. each, 28 Days 1....

Ditto to 70 Adjutants, at 6s. a Day each -

Ditto to 1542 Serjeant, at is.a Day each -

Ditto to 1200 Drummers, at 6d. a Day each -

For additional Pay to 30,840 private Men, for going to the Place of Exercise and returning, calculated upon an Average of Days Pay each Man -

Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors at as. 6d. a Week each - -

Ditto to 70 Drum Majors, at 6d. a Day each -

Ditto to 1,542 Corporals, at 6d.a Day each, 28 Days - -

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at £.50 a Year each -

Allowances to Clerks of General and Sub-division Meetings, computed at Ditto to each Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company, for contingent Expences, at the Rate of 6d. per Month for each private Man and Drummer

Clothing for 30,840 private Men, at £. 1. 10 each....

Ditto for 1,542 Serjeants, at £.3 1 os. each ——

Ditto for 1,200 Drummers at £.z each -

For additional Pay for Clothing 54 Serjeant Majors and 55 Drum Majors, at 1 each Subsistence to 408 Captains, at 7 s.6d. per Day, for 28 Days -

Subsistence to 501 Lieutenants, including Two Lieutenants to Grenadiers Comp’ at 3 6d.

each, for 28 Days ——

Ditto to 435 Ensigns, at 3*. each, for z8 Days -.....r

£. s. d.

43,'176-----

7,665-----

28,141 10 — 10,950-----

6,t 68-----

455-----

63^ U5 —

1,079 8 —

3,500-----

4,000-----

10,023-----

46,260 ! — T --

5>397 -

2,400-----

ic8-----

5,229-----

2,748 18 — 1,827-----

c

179,766 11 —

Order,

Supply,

Kingston upon Thames Road.

8 Geo. III. 28° — 29 0 J£57

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Pat erf on, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, t he Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House: which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Eight hundred Ninety-five Pounds One Shilling and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1768.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Nine hundred Eighty-six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of , and the incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th aijune 1767 to the 24th of June 1768.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Civ il Fftablishment of ITis Majesty’s Colony of East Florida, and the incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 17(17 to t!ic 24th of June 17(18.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Four hundred Pounds, he granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of iI if Floriiiii, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1767 to the 24th of June 1 760.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Thirty-six Pounds Fourteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1768.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Five hundred Fifty Ponnds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establiftiment of His Majesty’s Government for the Year t 768.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of divers of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Itilia bitants, of the Counties of Surrey, Sussex ampton -, and all'o the Petition of Austen, Widow, Peter Flutter, Pamela Debell, Widow, Ann Gale, Spin-l'rer, and Elizabeth Ledger, Spinster, Mortgagees of the Tolls of the Turnpike, erected by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near Petersp'ehl,in the County of Southampton-, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz,

To prove the Allegations of the fiiTt-mentioned Peti-

V01..31.

tion, the Agent for the Petitioners called for an Act passed in the 2 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty; which was read: Then,

William Gill, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees for the said Brunch of Road had proceeded in the repairing thereof, and had borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, and that a large Debt still remains due, which cannot he repaid, and the Roads kept in Repair during the fubfiltingTerm; and that he apprehends the Aid; to he in several other Particulars defective.

Nicholas Turner, Esquire, confirmed Mr. Gill's Evidence.

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, Mr. John Chandler said, That the Petitioners, the Creditors, were never eonfulted upon the foregoing Petition; that they are satisfied with the Trull as it nowt Hands, and desire it may not be divided.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to explain, amend, and render more efTeftual, and to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by, an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, so far as the said Act relates to the repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, wear Peters field, in the County And that Sir Francis Vincent and Mr. Paterson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 29 die Januarii; Anno 8" Georgii III"' Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

AMertage from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Coventry for makingand maintaining a NavigableCanaJ from the City of Coventry, to communicate, upon Fr^e^ea*h

in the County of Stafford, with a Canal now making between the Rivers Trent and Mersey; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Loughtnn for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Inclosure. Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and otherCom-nionable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Laughton, in the County of Bucks-, without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Worcester to continue the Terms, and enlarge the Powers, of feve- Road, ral Acts, of the Twelfth of Queen Anne, the Twelfth of King George the First, and the Twenty-second of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Worcester, through Droitivich to Bromand other Roads therein mentioned; and to repeal an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads lying in and leading from aforesaid; and for amending the several Roads which were directed to be repaired by the said Act; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords do delire, that this House will give Leave iX)rj) (Icfire to Peregrine Cujl, Esquire, a Member of this House, to kive for a attend their Lordships this Day, in order to his being Member to examined upon the Second Reading of the Bill, inti- a,tencl tuled, An Act for further regulating the Proceedings of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, with respect to the making of Dividends.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

7 C Resolved,

558 Januarii. A. 1768.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to that Tradesmen of the Port Liverpool, on behalf of them-

Part of the said Message, which desires this House to give Leave to Peregrine Cujl, Esquire, a Member of this House, to attend their Lordships, by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

fcojral Assent A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis to Bills. Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland., for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time:

An Act to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse in the City of Bath:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Seat or near a Place called

Hazoford, in the Parish of in the County of

Worcester, to or near a Place called Chapel Bridge, within the Borough of in the said County:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the City of Coventty, to communicate, upon Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, with a Canal now making between the Rivers Trent and Mersey:

An Act to continue the Terms, and enlarge the Powers of several Acts, of the Twelfth of Queen Anne, the Twelfth of King George the First, and the Twenty-second of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Worcester, through Droitwich, to and other Roads therein mentioned; and to repeal an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads lying in and leading from Droitwich aforesaid; and for amending the several Roads which were directed to be repaired by the said Act:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Laughton, in the County of Bucks:

An Act for continuing, establishing, and confirming, the Surname and Arms of unto John Wallin-

ger, formerly called John Arnold, and his Issue, pursuant to the'Will of John Wallinger, his late Uncle, deceased:

An Act to enable Judith Paul, and her Issue, to use and take the Name of Saint Paul:

An Act for naturalizing David Peyer Imhoff.

Account; The House being informed, that Mr. Strong, from the Coinmifliotiers of the Customs, attended at the

1 ,er}" Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Men employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery, for Twelve Years last past, viz. from the ill; January 1756 to the ift of January 1768; distinguishing each Year.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and

selves, and more particularly of those concerned in the Whale Fishery to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, is referred.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Bond, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for winfrith dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadow Newbugb Grounds, Sheep Downs, Commons, Common Heaths, hd°Iuft-and other Waste Grounds, in the Parish or Manor of Winfrith Nezcburgh,in the County of Dorset, was committed; and to whom also the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders, Proprietors of Estates, or otherwise interested in the Parish of WinfrithNewburgh, in the County of Dorset, in behalf of themselves and several others; was referred; acquainted the House, that Notice being taken, in the Committee, of an Erasure in the Prayer of the said Petition, he was directed by the Committee to inform the House therewith, in order to have their Inllruftions, in what Manner they should proceed therein.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire by what Means the said Petition came to be erased; and whether it was previous or subsequent to the signing thereof: And that they do report the same to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bond, Lord George Cavendish, Lord Strange, Sir Francis Vincent,

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Clive, Lord George Mr.

Sandjs, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Vane, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Barrow, Sir Sir Brook Bridges, Mr. Tudzoay, Mr. Mr. Gray,

Mr. Lowndes, Lord Brozvnlozo Bertie, Lord Grey, Mr.

Cooper, Lord Clare, Lord Beauchamp, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Darner, Mr. Buffet, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Tozvnjhcnd, Mr. Montagu, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Thrale, Mr.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

And the House being informed, that the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, had adjourned till Wednesday Morning nest;

Ordered, That the said Committee do fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Monday Morning next.


The House being moved, in pursuance of the Order p,-im of Yesterday, That Leave be given to move the House, Bu(W this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House, this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Mr. Charles Tozon/hend,from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31st December 1767.

Mr. Charles Townshend also, from the said Commissioners, presented to the House, pursuant to the D*-reftions of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. State and Condition of Dixcove, on the Coast of Guinea, belonging to the Royal African Company,

16th February 1767: And also,

N° 2. State and Condition of Cotmncnda, on the Coast of Guinea, belonging to the Royal African Company,

18 February 1767: And also,

N° £. State and Condition of Secondec, on the Coast

8 Geo. III. 29° Januarii.

of Guinea, belonging to the Royal African Company, 18th February 1767: And also,

N° 4. State and Condition of Annamaboe, on the Coast of Guinea, belonging to the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, 23d of February 1767: And also,

N° 5. State and Condition of Cape Coajl on

the Coast of Guinea, belonging to the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, 10th of March 1767: And also.

N° 6. State and Condition t>f on the

Coast of Guinea, belonging to the Royal African Company, 14th March 1767.

Together with a List of the said last mentioned Papers.

And the Title of the said Estimate, and also the said Lift, were read.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session j and the said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

yn. 3L

Navy

5<5o

2 9° Januarii.

A. 1768.

Navy Office, 7 An E ST IM A T E of t.lie Debt of His Majesty’s Navy oh the Heads hereafter

25 th Ja

e, 7, 1768.]

mentioned, as it flood on the 31st December 1767.

Heads of the Naval Estimates.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports.

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, fife, supplied for the Service thereof -

To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores -

For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, fife. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 3 ift December 1767 j as also to several Bills of Exchange -

To His Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf -

Seamens Wages.

Due to pay the Men, fife.' unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off -To Ships in Sea-pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1767 To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in Course, for Slop Clothes, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, Free Gifts, fife. -

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for lhort Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 3 ift December 1767 For Necessary Money, extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies ....

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Hurt; the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for the Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the said Office

The Total amounts to the Sum of One million Seven hundred and Sixty thousandand Thirty-two Pounds One Shilling and Two Pence -

From whence deducting the Money in thej Treasurer’s Hands - -

And also the Money that remained to come ? 38 on t*ie 0*"er ‘5lc*e in of the Supplies of the Year 1767 -J-

Particulars.

TOTAL.

The Debt will then be One million Two hundred Thirteen thousand and Seventy-two Pounds Eight Shillings and Five Pence Farthing -

N. B. In this Debt is included, for Charge of Transports between the ill January 1767 and 31st December following -

And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between the ift January 1767 and 31st December following, amounts to ——

For which Sum of £. 22,075. 6s. no Provision has been made by Parliament j but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for in former Years,

The net Debt of the Navy will then be One million One hundred Ninety thousand Nine hundred Ninety-seven Pounds One Shilling and Nine Pence Half-penny -

G. Cokburne. Tho. Slade. J. Williams. E. Mason, Brett.

£. s. d. 612,616 13 — 51,958 18 10

71,852 — 11

146,369-----

54,270 18 5

261,067 9 9

266,247 x4 5

24,158 18 5

17,766 1 7

220,371 9 1

6,119 2 3

3»I07 *4 5

8,018 17 9

97,066 10 4

449,893 2 4

12,618 14 4 '

1

9>456 3$

£ '

937,067 11 t

SS'AH 2 7

255»3S3 5

16,107 2 4

1,760,032 1 2

546,959 12 8f

1,213,072 8 51

> 22,075 6 7$

!, 190,997 I

Memorandum.

O

o

O

<jo

Memoraitdiim: There was remaining! in the-Hands of the iate and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1767, in Money, as under-mentioned, and may be reckoned 00 , ' . towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

‘ " M

O

Ip what Treasurer’* Hand*.

Right Honourable

George Do ding (on ~ xft Treasurership

>urable )

inglon, Esqr > rship. 3

Right Honourable' 7

Henry Legge, Esqr J

Right Honourable

George Grenville,

1 ft Treasurership,

In Money.

In Money - -

D® towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

In Money -

D® towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

Right Honourable^ George Dodington ad Treasurerthip

Right Honourable George Grenville, ad Tfeaforership

rable } ille, Eftjr > up. 3ju

io. . 3

b E fqf V

»le 7

Esq' }

J

Money - -

towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

Right Honourable 7

LordV i (count I ^arrington. J

Right Honourable 7 T RichardI^ordVificouait t in Money Howe.

In Money -

D® towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen -

In Money '. . - -

D® towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

In Money - -

D°_toward* the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

£ towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen -

f-5

- h


On the Head* of

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports.

G*

1,575 r4 Hi

3*252 5 11 4,090 7 xi

6,936 10 2

7,428 i —

8,167 *1 "

24,024 6 44

55>475 0 3i

-p — - — Seamens Wages. ViSuals.

£ * 1-s- d‘

1,539 11 ,0i "5 *7 9^ X

80 17 9i - - )

10 3 5 1*572 4 )

55 15 5 ‘ "

i>8o4 4 3! 1,945 18 11 }

37 x4 3 ‘

2,608 6 8£ 631 " 5 \

80 2 5 - - j

2,392 11 9 7°6 4 3*}

191 19 10

4,637 8 io£ 863 1 io£ }

*,919 3 7 " -

15,666 18 3*837 0 6i I

894 11 5i - - I

31,919 10 8$ 9*67x *9 31

Total.

£. s. d. 3*312 3

4,890 9 4 7*878 5 5

10,256 10 8f

10,718 16 iof

15*587 8 3

44,422 16 3i

97,066 10 4

There Treoiainedj on she 3 iH Dicembet ^67,^0 come, in froal the Exchequer, of the Supplies of the Yea* 1767

/ 449»893 41

r

i*

j,* 6

VO-

o

S?

c*»

cn

OS

c r.

r;

fcctton

ltKtofure*

Ifitfwdrth

fnciofure.

Remington

Priors

ticlofiim

Wwte

Bafiads*

Thetford

Road.

Middftoiie

Road.

50 3 *1$)'Januariu A. ij6$.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for dividing and Inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Heath, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Ketlon, in the County of Rutland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That th'e Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Bindley, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Darker, Mr. Coventry, Colonel Hotharn Mr. Rufiout, Sir William Beauchamp

Proctor, Mr. Pcnlon, Mr. Lowndes, Sir

daunt, Mr. Pennant, Sir Brook Bridges, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Knight, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Mr. Archer,

Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. G riMr. White, Mr.

Mr. Ryder, Mr. Fitzherbetl, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Cooper, Mr. ‘Gray, Lord Downe, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Thrale, Mr. Butt, Mr. Fuller, Lord Strange, Mr. neux, Mr. Foley; and aill the Members who serve for the Counties of Rutland, Lincoln, Northampton, and

Nottingkatn: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, within the Manor or Lordship of

Tilfioorth, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lozondes, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Brude-nett, Mr Luther, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Waljh, Sir

Brook Bridges, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Burrell, Mr- Mr. Towti/hend, Lord Burgherjh, Sir Sir Francis Vincent, 1Ar. MolyneuxMr. Staunton, Mr. Waller, Lord Grey, Mr. Whichcut, Lord Mr.

Gray, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Gilbert, Sir John Sebright, Mr. Wauchope, Nlr. Tlu'ale, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr.

Upton, Mr. Byde, Mr. Knight; and all the Members who serve for the Countiesof Bedford, Bucks, Northampton, Hertford, and Warroick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir ChaflesM9rdaU.nlreported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, on the South and West Parts of the . River Learn,in the Manor and Parish of

tonPriors, in the County of Warwick, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the BiH, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the BiH, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirefted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted. -

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House, upon Monday next, to proceed upon any Private Business after Two of the Clock.

General Conway presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending the Road from Chrifophers Bridge, in the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Suffolk, to the Turnpike Road, at the South West End of the Townof Newmarket, in the county of :

And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Brook Bridges reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the liaign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the amending, Widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty-nine Milestone, at the Upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a certain Place, called Tubb's Lake, in the Parish o fCranbrooke,in the laidCounty, was committed;

and to whom the Petition of divers Owners and Occupiers of Lands, and Tenements, within the several Parities of Leeds, Smarden, Iieadcorn.SultonValenceLavgly, Ul-comb, Eaf Sutton, and several other Parishes lying contiguous or near to a High Road, leading from the beforementioned Parishes to the 1'own of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, was referred*, that no Person appeared before thie Committee, in Support of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be tngrofled.

Mr. Archer reported from the Committee, to whom Coventry the Bill for rebuilding and enlarging the Common Gaol G*ol of the City and County of the City of Coventry, and for appointing a Place for the Cutlody ol Prisoners in the mean Time, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Gray reported from the Committee, to whom the Transp«t«i* Bill for the more speedy and effectual Transportation of Offenders, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Blacfcfmrt whom the Petition of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Rdign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for making, widening, andkeepingin Repair, several Roads, in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, and Bennondjey, in the County of Surrey, and Lewisham, in the County of was refer-

red.That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the Houseand he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To




Shoreditch

Streets*

Lords desire Leave for a Member to attend them.

Supply,

8 Geo. Ill,

To prove the Allegations of the faitl Petition, Mr; 'Richard Somerjc-ll, Surveyor to the said Trustees; being

Examined, said That the said Trustees are willing to undertake the making and keeping in Repair, certain new Roads necessary to open thfe Communication between ChristChurch, near Black Fryar's Bridge, and the Counties of Surrey, Kent, Suffer, and; and dlfo to

keep in Repair the new Road, intended to be made from Christ Church, to IVcJimiiiJterbridge, and to watch and

light the said Roads, without any additional Toll* if theyare inverted with Powers necessary to carry the same into Execution.

Ordered, That it be an left ruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill for making One or more Road or Roads, from the South End of the Bridge, cross the River Thames from Black Fryars, in the City of London, to the eppofite Shore, in the County of Surrey, and for making, widening, and improving several Communications, between the Cities of I/yndon and Westminster, and the Town and Borough

of Southwark, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, to impower the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act passed in the 44th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, and Bermondfeij, in the County of Surrey and Leioisham, in the County of Kent, to make open, and keep in Repair, and

also, to watch and light certain new Roads, necessary to open the Communication between Christ Church, near the Bridge, cross the River Thames, from Black,

in the City of London, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, and the Counties of Surrey, Kent, Suffer, and Southampton-, and to keep in Repair, watch and light, a New Road, to be made from Christ Church aforesaid, to Westminster Bridge.

Mr. Paterson preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets and other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex-, and for preventing Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Montague and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire that this House will give Leave to Peregrine Cvft, Esquire, a Member of this House, to attend their LordUiips on Wednesday next, in order to be examined upon the Second Reading of the Bill, intituled, An Act for further regulating the Proceedings of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Judies, with respect to the making of Dividends.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Refolded, That this House will fend an Answer to the said Message, by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith:

And then they again withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

A Motion was made, That it be an Infiruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of proper Allowances to be made for defraying the Expence of necessary Lodgings, and other Accommodations, for His Majesty’s Justices of the Great Sessions in Wales, during the Times of such Sessions The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac' VOL.31.:

6&}

quainted the House, that His Majesty recommends it to the House, to consider of proper Allowances tb be made for defraying the Expence of necessary Lodgings, and other Accommodation^; for His Majesty’s Justices of the Great Sessions in Wales, during the Times of such Sessions.

Ordered, That it fee dn Instruction to the said Committee, that they doconsiderof proper Allowances to be made for defraying the Expence of necessary Lodgings, Und other Accommodations, for His Majesty’s Justices of the Great Sessions in Wales, during the Times of such Sessions.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1767, be referred to the said Copimittee.

Then the House refol ved ilfelf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they hddedme to several Resolut ions j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame,

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again-. '

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day seeing ,read;

The House refol ved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which/they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinson have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing how the Increase of the Debt of the Navy, between the 3 ill Day of December 1766, and the 31st Day at December 1767^ has arisen; distinguished under the several Heads of Expence.

And then the House adjourned till MondayMorning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna

Sp* *jfdntiariu

5^4 i°

Lumey i° die Februarii j

A, 1768.

Private

Business.

Lemington

Priors

Inclosure.

Transyortation

of

Offenders.

Country

Brewers,

Huddersfield,

&c.

Road.

Anno 8° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

The House being moved, in pursuance of the Order of Friday lad, that Leave be given to move the House, this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House, this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, on the South and W eft Parts of the River Leant, in the Manor and Parish of Lemington Priors in the County of Warwick, was read a Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that thcTitlebe An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, on the South and West Parts of the River in the Manor and Parish of Lemington Priors, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir Charles do carry the Bill

'to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for the more speedy and effectual Transportation of-Offenders, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

’ Pr. 2.1.15. To leave out " or Place."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An A ftfor the more speedy and effectual Transportation of Offenders. '

Ordered, That Mr. Gray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Common Brewers, in the City and County of York, on behalf of themf< Ives and all other the Common Brewers residing out of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That they may be put upon an equal Footing with the London Brewers, with respect to Duty and Allowance for Waste by Filling and Leakage.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Common Brewers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, refidingin the Counties of Surrey, and Kent, on behalf of themselves and ail other the Common Brewers residing out of the Limits the

Weekly Bills of Mortality, is referred.

A Bill for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Road from Huddersfield, in the W7eit Riding of the County of York, to in the County Palatine of Chester, and from thence to a Bridge

over the River Mersey,called Bridge, on the confines of the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Lord Grey, Sir George SavHeMr. , Mr. Gore, Mr. West, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Burrell,

- Mr. Staunton, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Bull, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Nr. Bootle, Mr. Buller, Nr. Gray,

Mr. Elliot, Lord Broicnloio Bertie, Mr. Mr.

Wynn, Mr. Forrefer, Nr. Goddard, Mr. Sir Leicester, Sir William Maynard, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Seymour, Sir Charles Mr. Neville,

Mr. Martin, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Mr. Fuller;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York,' Chester, Derby, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Wcjbnorland, and Lancajkr: And they are to meet 16

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Sneakers Chamber.

Mr. George Clive presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending and widening ievcral (.*<;* Roads leading from the Town of lit/imp's and Rc,!!-

from Montgomery, to the'Turnpike Road at and from Brocl on,to the Turnpike Road at

in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and mery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rif died, That the Bill be read a Second Time.'

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Fields, Little Meadows, \\ asse, and other Commonable Lands, Ring Indite within the Manor or Liberty of in the County of Leicester,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. herbert, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Mr. Hayes,

Mr. Wilbraham, Sir Matlime 1 amb, Mr.

Sandys, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Montagu, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Thomas SMr. Seymour, Lord Grey, Lord Broicnloio Bertie, Mr. Lojiefles, Mr.

Goddard, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Staunton, Lord George dish, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Lord John Mr. Cavendish, Mr. Ezcer, Mr. Clive, Mr. GaJcoyne, Mr.

Plumptre, Lord Hoice, Mr. MeyMr. Smith, Mr.

Panton, Mr Pennant, Mr. Knight, Mr. Fannereau, Lord

Clare, Mr. Eiiller, Mr. West;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Derby, Nottingham, and York: and they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five

of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lord Bioionlow Bertie presented to the House, ac- wilion^hro* cording to Order, a Bill for divi-'.Mg ami inclosing the Impure. Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Willoughton,in the County of 'Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ffronb’s to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Dccrar in I)‘VJtte

Phyfie, with Harriet Nelthorpe, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to aCommittoe of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Se-' ventlight, the qth Day of this Iniiasit refofve

itfcJf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Itiff ruction to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bui, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

An ingossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of KwJ' the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Ro;ul leading from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone, at the Upper End of Stone Street, in the Town o is the County of Kent,to a certain Place, called Tabb's Lake, in the Parish of Cranbfoolce,in the said County, v,v» read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Thirty-nine Mjle Stone in Maidstone, to Tn in the’parch of Cranbrooke, in the County of Kent,

Ordered, That Mr. Knight do carry the B.'H to Ike

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord

8 Geo. III. i° Februarii. 565

Morton Lord Broxvnlow Bertie prefen ted to the House, ac-

inclosure. cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Common Fen, in the Parish of Morion, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving the said Fen: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Kilbom’t The Lord Grey reported from the Committee, to Name. whom the Bill to enable Tiumias Kilbom, and his Iffiie Male, to take and life the Surname of Burrozces, pursuant to the Will of John Burrowesy deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’sTable.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

WougTiton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-onifr* Green mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, ncourc. an(j 0fher Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Woughton on the Green, in the County of Bucks* was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed toMr. Lowndes, Mr. JVilhraham, M r. Edmonstone, Sir Charles Mordaunt* Mr. Cornzv illy Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Shi fixer, Mr. Burrell, Mr. GroJicnory Mr. Knighty Sir John Se-brighty Mr. Smith, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Rushout, Mr. StaunloUy Mr. Brandy Air. BradJIunoy Air. Jackson* Air. Seymoury Air. Dyfony Air. Uptony Air. Goddardy Air, Clive; and all the Members who fervefor the Counties of Bucks, Berks, Bedford, Northampton, Nottingham, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Common, or Average, upon certain ancient Inclosures within the same Township, was committed.

Mr. Lascelles accordingly reported from thcsaid Committee, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Four Oxgang.% and Half an Acre ofl^and; the whole Lands consisting of One hundred and Nine Oxgangs; and also, except the Owners of about Twenty Cottages, whereof there are about Two hundred within the said Township); and that no Person appeared before the Committee tooppofethe Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the Holife; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Rcjblvedy That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

A Message from the Lords by Air. llolford and Mr. Pechell:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Rcmpjloney in the County of Nottingham, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Rempftcne

Inclosure.

Welwick

Inclosure.

Millington

Inclosure.

Leave of Absence.

Bridlington

Inclosure.

Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands and Grounds, in Welwick, and Wee ton, in the Parish of Welwick, in in the

East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosir.gthe Open and Common Fields, Common Paf-tnres, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Millington, in the County of was committed.

Mr. Lascelles accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allega-t.ons oft lie Bill, nod found the same to be true; and that Hie Parties concerned had given their Consent to t!.c I'.il, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to he rcj'ortc <! to tire House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afi. nvards delivered the Bill,with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments uvre Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; ami, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed

Ordered, That Sir John Griffin Griffin have Leave to go to Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

Or dered, That. Mr. Lascelles do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, I awls, Grounds, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Bridlington, in the F.aft Riding of the County of York, and for extinguishing the Right of Voi. 31.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bridgu'iWUt for exemplifying, or inrolling, an Indenture of Settlement of Elizabeth Bridges, and the Will and Codicils of Brooke Bridges, Esquire, and making the same Evidence, as well in Ireland as Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barrmo;

Mr. Paterson, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Burke, Mr Mr. Morton, Mr. Shiffiner, Mr. Mr. Corn-

wall, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Way, Mr. Burrell, Lord Grey, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Harvey, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Sir

Charles Bunbury, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Bull, Mr.

Mr. Brudcndl, Mr. Hu fey, Kir. Byde, Mr. Mr.

Knight, Sir Charles Kemys Tynie, Mr. Kynojhn, Mr. Spicer, Mr. Rigby; and all tin?Members who serve for the Counties of Ghiice/icr, Wilts, Cornwall,

Devon, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon*

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this Ilonfe be given to the Reverend Dr. S'inton, for the Sermon by him thanked., preached before this House, on Saturday 1th, nr Margaret's Westminster; and that be be dofir< <i in print

the fame: And that. Lord Brow nine and Mr.

Ameotts do acquaint hup therewith.

A-mv; Ir.tb

General Conway presented to (he House. according!(

Order, a Bill to explain and amend so notch of an Act, e£ab;!^Cnt. made in the totli Year of *lie Reign of King R W.v the e ‘

Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for diibauding the Annv and other necessary Occasions, as relates to the Number of Troops to be kept upon the Irish F.stablishment; And the same was

received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Supr1/*

7 K Com-

5 66

Committee of the whole I louse, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to I lis Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and are as fol-Joweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for defraying, during the Continuance of an Act made in the First Year of His Majesty’s Reign, " for the Support of his Majesty’s Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown," the Expence of necessary Lodgings and other Accommodations to be provided by the Sheriffs of the Counties in Wales, for His Majesty’s Justices of the Great Sessions there, during every such Session, so that the Allowance to be made in respect thereof do not exceed a limited Sum; and that the same be paid out of the Land Revenues of the Crown, within the said Princi-

pality.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven; and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Paterson, the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Mr. Jenkinson,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Bradshaw, and Mr. Burrell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hrreford A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt, in the Gaol of Hereford, in and for the said County, was presented to the House, and read -, Complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

The several Orders of the Day being read, for the Attendance of Sir Thomas Stapleton and Mr. Lee in their Places;

Sir Thomas Stapleton appeared in his Place.

Privilege. And Mr. Lee also appeared in his Place, and ac-

Oxford quainted the House, that he had not received a Letter from the Mayor and Corporation of the City of Oxford in the last Summer; but that he had received a Letter, signed with the Names of the Mayor, and several of the Members of the Corporation, of the said City of Oxford, some Time in the Summer of the Year 1766; and he produced the said Letter so received by him in the Summer of the Year 1766; together with a Paper, inclosed in the said Letter, purporting to be a State of the City of Oxford's Accounts.

And the said Member also produced a Copy of the Letter which himself and Sir Thomas Stapleton wrote to the said Mayor and Corporation, in answer to the said Letter.

And the said Papers were delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, and read; and are as followeth; viz.

.1768.

Copy of a Letter from t he Mayor, &>. of the City of Oxford,to the Honourable Robert Lee, dated 1 )jai/ 170b.

S1 Oxford, 12th Map 1700.

rT'II E Debts and Circumfianees of the City'of

having been laid before a Council of the City, held by Order of the Mayor on Monday the 24th March last and it then appearing that the City were indebted to' their Bond Creditors in the Sum oi £. 5,670, exclusive of the Annuities, Benefactions, and Charities, which are paid by the City, and annually amount to more than the net Income of their Estates: And as some Person or Persons have, without the Consent of the Council of this City, taken upon themselves to expose the City to a Person in London, by offering to elect any Two Persons

to be Representatives for this City in Parliament at the next General Election, who would advance £.4,000: The Mayor and Council have therefore unanimously eome to a Resolution, in order to prevent all Opposition, Animolity, and Confusion, and to extricate tlicm-selves out of their present Difficulties, to apply to you and Sir Thomas Stapleton (in the first Instance) for your Assistance to discharge the Bond Debts due from the City, by which Means they will be enabled to do Justice to their Creditors, and, as they apprehend, preserve Peace and Unanimity in the City. But if it should not be agreeable to you and Sir Thomas to advance the Money, the whole Council are determined to apply to some other Person or Persons in the County to do it, and if possible, by that Means, to keep themselves from being sold to Foreigners. We therefore, whose Names are hereunder written, have, by Order of the Council, taken the Liberty of troubling you With the above, and also with the inclosed State of the City Debts and Income; and as we are directed by the Council to report your Answer to them, so we mull beg Leave to trouble you to fend your Answer to the Mayor as soon as it is agreeable to you, that he may call a Council, and lay the same before them.

We are. Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servants,

Phip Ward, Mayor,

John Treacher,

Tho*

Thot Wife,

John Nicholes,

John Phillips,

Isaac Lawrance,

Richd Tawney,

Anthony Weston,

7 Bail{ flj.

In Brown, j

P. S. The Corporation think themselves very much obliged to you for your late generous Benefaction to them, and are sorry their Necefiities oblige them to trouble you with this Letter.

To the Honourable Robert

i° Februarii.

Copy

8 Geo. III.

i* — 24 Februarii.

5^7

Copy of a State of the City of Oxford's Accounts, ehclosed in the Letter oJ the Mayor, fife, to the Honourable

Robert Lee, dated 12 May 1766.

25th

City of Oxford March i~j66.

Bond Debts 5,670. Interest Annuities -

Benefactions and Charities -Fee Farm ..... Land Tax and Quit Rent Yearly Payments to Officers, Workmens Bills

fife.

Yearly Outgoing*.

- 226 16 -

- 279

- 172

- 5i 4i 81

10

6

8

18 5

r»o

£. 902 11 1

Deduct — 601 7 2

Annual Deficiency - 301 3 11

Per Contra C*.

Quit Rents on the Chamberlain’s Roll no 11 8

Annual Fines - - -140----- s

Rack Rents, per Ann. - 173 17 —

Quit Rents not on the Chamberlain’s

Roll - - - 3 5 8

Dividends.on £. 800 S. Sea Annuities 24 — — Officers Fees - - - - 89 12 10

Langables - - - - -20-----

Suppose 2 Freemen, one Year with

another - - 40-----

£. 601 7 2

Copy of a Letter from the Honourable Robert Lee and Sir Thomas Stapleton, to the Mayor, fife, of Oxford, dated 30 July 1766.

Ordered, That the said Papers do remain in the Custody of the Clerk of this House; and that he do not deliver the same to any Person, without Order of this House.

Mr. Mayor, and Gentlemen,

TY7 E think it incumbent on us to return you Thanks ' ’ for the Preference you are generously pleased to give us of purchasingyour Corporation; but as we never intend to fell you, so we cannot afford the Purchase. As it has been always our determined Resolution, that if we could not serve our Country, we would not be concerned in betraying it; while you remained independent we thought it a peculiar Honour to represent you; and had you continued in that State we should have been heartily and sincerely at your Service.

Rob'

Stapleton.

Ordered, That Philip Ward, Esquire, late Mayor of the City of Oxford, do attend this House, upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. John Treacher, of the said City, do attend this House, at the same time.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Monday, of the said City, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Wife, of the said City, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Nicholes, of the said City, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Phillips, of the said City, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Isaac Laurence, of the said City, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Tawney, of the said City, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Robinson, one of the Bailiffs of the said City in the Year 1766, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Bone other of the Bailiffs of the said City in the Year 1766, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That the Person, who served the Office of Mace Bearer to the Corporation of the said City in the Year 1766, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Walker, Town Clerk of the said City, do attend this House, at the same Time, and produce the Books containing the Minutes of the Proceedings of the Council of the said City, in the Year 1766.

Vol. 31.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply* Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Mean*, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Pennant have Leave to make a Motion, it being Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House* an Account* Account of the Quantity of Whale Fins, imported from Whale Holland into Great Britain, from 1765 to Fisheiy.

Christmas 1767 j distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Whale Fins and Oil, imported from America, from Christmas 1765 to Christmas 1767; distinguishing each Year.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 2 ° die Februarii;

Anno 8° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

SIR Robert Ladbroke presented to the House, ac- . Taylors;

cording to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made regularise tb« in the Seventh Year of King George the First, intituled* Trade. An Act for regulating the Journeymen Taylors within the Weekly Bills of Mortality: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for opening certain Passages, and for paving ... *, the Streets and other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein* was read a Second Time.

Resolveit

5^8 2° Februa. A. 1768.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Ladbroke, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Pat erf on, Mr. Jf' ilbra-the Amendments were Once read throughout; and ham, General Irwme, Mr. Burke, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Lowndes, Lord Verney, Mr.- Clive, Sir Charles Hardy, Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by Mr. Onjlm, Mr. Skiffner, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Anthony the House; and an Amendment was made by the Abdy, Sir William Beauchamp Proflor, Sir Lynch House to the Bill. 1

Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Darker, Mr. Ba- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be con, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Mon- ingossed.

tague, Lord Burgherjh, Sir Edward Bayntun, General . - I

Conway, Mr. Dyjbn; and all the Members who serve Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom Bridling*

for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, Hertford, the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Indok«.

Kent, and Snffex; and for the Cinque Ports; and the Field, Lands, Grounds, Meadows, Pastures, Commons,

City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, and Wades, within the Township of Bridlington, in the at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Fad Hiding of the County of and for extinguish-

ing the Right of Common, or Average, upon certain Mary-le-Bone A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants, ancient Inclosures within the same Township, was re-

Streets, 4tc. Gentlemen. Overseers of the Poor, and Tradesmen. of committed. That the Committee had made several other

the Paritli of Saint Mary-le-Botie, in the County of Middlesex, in behalf of themselves and many others, Inhabitants in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways and regulating the Poor, within the said Parish; and for the better Maintenance of the Poor, regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, within the said Parish: And setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive the Laws now subsisting are, in every respect, sufficient to answer all the Purposes included in the said Bill; and that the said recited Act is, and will be, if executed according to the spirit and true meaning thereof, very sufficient for the several Purposes therein contained: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not be palfed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon their laid Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Ijmmdes reported from the Committee, to whom fcc. the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Road. Way Poji, in the Parilli of Harding fen, in the County of Northampton, to Old Stratford, in the said County, w as committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill

Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for amending, the Road from Theifcd

Bridge, in the Borough of The/ford, in the County of R0^ Suffolk, to the Turnpike Road at the South-West End of the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Towii/hend, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Conway, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Abercromby, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Coutts, General Ir-

tcine, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Ryder, Mr.

Gilbert, Mr. Buller, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Cuf, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Tudway, Mr. Burke, Mr. Penton, Mr. Befl,

Lord George Sackville, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr.

Dyfon, Sir Edward Bayntun, Sir Merrick Burrell, Mr. Burrell, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Loiondes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, Huntingdon, and Essex And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, that Mr. Speer, from the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account filewing how the Money given for the Accwm; Service of the Year 1767 has been disposed of; distiu- DispoS guished under the several Heads, until the 2d Day of 0 Gra:a February 1768; and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the deficiency thereupon.

And then he w ithdrew'.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.


o

t-

oo

An ACCOUNT shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1767 has been disposed of; distinguished under the fever&I Heads, until the 2d Day of February 176?.

and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

D

cq‘

n"

CD

CL

CT

O

o

o

00.

ft

SERVICES;

rFor the Wage* and Wenr and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 16,000 Men, including 4*287 Marines, from the 1st

’ of January 1 767 ....

For dfre Ormnrr of Nary, including Half-pay to Sen and Marine Officers, for the Year 1767

J Toward* Hte Budding*, Rebaildhigs, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty's Yards, and other extra Works, over and above 55 \ the Works* done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1767 ——

1 for pnieha^ing a Quantity ef-Hemp, to replenish His Majesty^ Magazines....

I Thirds paying <dTand discharging the Debt of the Nary.....- -

8 f For Ordnance, Sta Service.

£ 1 For Ditto, Land Sendee ——

,5 1 For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament,

£ ( k 17W....

Kt

W* J

f For defraying the Charge of 16,754 Men for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1767 ——

For the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1767 -

For maintaining His Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, tmd for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nora Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the Ceded Islands, and Africa, for the Year 1767 -

For better enabling His Majesty to defray the contingent Expences of the Forces serving in North America - -

For defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of Six Regiments of Toot, serving in the hfc of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the Ceded Islands, for the Year 1767 - -

For Pensions to the Widows of the reduced Officers of His Majesty's Laud Forces and Marines* for the Year 1767 -

For the reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, upon Account, for the Year 1767 - -

For defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards* and Regi-ia< U\ of Hkftsa reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1767 -

For Full-pay to Officers reduced, with the 10th Company of several Battalion* reduced from Ten to Nine Companies, and who remained on lUlf-pay at the *4th uf Deccwtar 1765, for the Year 1767 ——

Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred to the 3d Day of February 1767, and not provided for by Parliament -

Towards defraying the Charge of Out Pensioners of Cheffca Hospital, for the Year 1767 -

790,400 — —

409.177 4 8

298,144 — ,

30,090 — * —

300,000 — 1

41,600

169,000 — 2

51j*9o 6 6

893.9*5 15 7

12,203 18

405.607 2 M*

1 2,000 — —

7,201 H 7

*.536 — —

135,299 8 4

*103 ll a

5.633 3* 4

8«5*i7 16 s

106,083 a 6

F©r the Marriage Portion of the Queen of Denmark, One of His Majesty’s Sisters - -

To pay off and discharge the principal Sum of £. 1*800,000 in Exchequer Bills* made out by virtue of an Act of the 6th Year of His Majesty’s, Reign, and charged upon the first Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1767, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same - -.

To mate good to His Majesty the like Sum* issued by His Majesty’s Orders, ia pursuance of the Addresses of the House of Commons -

r

£, d.

1,8*7,7*11 4 8

2611,390 6 8

i»5*7»57* 13 l»i

40*000-----

l.*43.*9» 4 4! i2«9&i a 2

c

1,400409 7 3}

224,880-----

1.537.3H 6 i°

40,006-----

i>843,2» a 4i

12*$&i a a

Remain* to be paid.

£. ».

4*7.3» 17 4i

37,510 s r

50,258 7 *1

&x

ov

8 Geo. III. a* Februaru,

g

cq'

i — H

n‘

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

QO_

o"

3d

o

G

*c

<G

ft

For maintaining ind supporting the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia, fot the Year 1767

T© satisfy sundry Expences for the Service of Nova Scotia, in the Year 1760, not provided for by Parliament - -

For defraying the Chargee of the Civil Establishment of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the 24th of June 1766 to the 34th of June l?67 - - - - \ n- -

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the 24th of June 1766 to the 24th of June 1767 ——

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the 24th of June 1766 to the 24th of June 1767 ——

For defraying the Expence attending general Surveys of His Majesty's Dominions in North America, for the Year 1767 -

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Government of Senegambia, for the Year 1767 -

Towards satisfying the Expences incurred by the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, on account of the Establishment of Senegal and its Dependencies, after the 29th Day of October 1765 -

For maintaining and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa ——

Towards carrying on an additional Building for a more commodious Passage to the House of Commons -

For a Compensation to Doctor Peter Sivinton, for the Damage done to his Estate in the City of Chester, at the Time of the late Rebellion -Towards enabling the Governors of the Hospital for exposed and deserted young Children to maintain and educate such Children as were received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1766, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1767, inclusive To enable the Governors of the said Hospital to put out Apprentice such Children as were received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th Day of March

1760 - -- - - -- -....

(To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid thereout to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities granted Anno 1758, on the 5th Day of July 1766 -

To replace to Ditto the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno 1763, on the 10th of October 1766 ——

To replace to Ditto the like Sum paid thereout, to discharge, for the Year ended the 29th of September 1766, the Annuities attending such Part of the Joint Stock, established per Act 3* Georgii 3til, in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, as remained uncancelled on the said 29th of September 1766 ——

To replace to Ditto the like Sum paid thereout, for the Charges of Management of the Annuities attending the said Joint Stock in the Year ended the 29th September 1766 - -

To replace to Ditto the like Sum issued thereout, to pay 3 Months Annuity, to the 25th Day of December 1766, on such Part of the said Joint Stock as was redeemed in pursuance of an Act passed 6P Georgii 3d1 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty granted for the Service of the Year 1765, at Lady Day 1767 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year 17G5, at Michaelmas 1767 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of she Year 1766 ’- - -

For redeeming the Remainder of the Capital Stock of Annuities, granted in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, arid Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in and cancelled, pursuant to an Act 30 Georgii 3d1 -

To pay oft’and redeem One Fourth Part of the Capital Stock of Annuities, established by an Act 30 Georgii 3tU, and charged upon several additional Duties upon Wines imported, and certain Duties upon all Cider and Perry granted by the same Act, fyc. -

For Discount on prompt Payments to the Contributors of 1,500,000 raised by Annuities and a Lottery, puririant to an Act 7* Georgii 3t,k» - -

c

£ 3. a.

49,660 9 3|

13,758 13 7

104,506 11 10

1,593 1 9l

a6 O 00 >7 7i

875.000

7>39°

9,108,240

O

3 5 ♦,*66 3 5

8 — 691 8 —

— — 3,986 — . —

— 4.750

— 4,800 — —

H — 1,601 14 —

5,550

— 3,5oo

— 13,000 — —

— . — 1,000 — —

— — 700 —

— 28,000 — —

1,500 — —

14 1 177.216 14 1

14 9} 300,610 14 9 J

11 228,212 — 11

2 8 129,144 2 8

10 11 1,741,776 10 11

— 875,000

4 1 7.390 4 1

to 00 8.593,159 11 6|

fl^5i08o 11 i|

Februarii. A. i 768.

WAYS and M E A N S towards the said Services,

CO 750,000 ---

r 1,500,000-----

1,800,000 — —

l>5oo,oooo — — 469,14714 — j

0,010,121 IO 3l 35,202 9 2

aSi,57» 13 3i

7,844 17 9

110.000 — —

*,837 6

150.000 -

181,000 — —

45,000 ——

By the Malt Duties continued Anno 1767.

By 3 sh, per Lib. on Land.

By Exchequer Bills, charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

By Annuities and a Lottery,

Of the Sinking Fund, remaining in the Exchequer on 5th April 1767, for Disposition of Parliament.

Out of the Surplus of the Sinking Fund.

Of Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Disposition of Parliament.

Savings upon Grants for Pay of the Forces, &c. the Earl of Chatham's Balance, as late Paymaster of the Forces; and remaining of £. 1,000,000 Vote of Credit, Anno 1762.

Of Money in the Hands of Edward Sainthill, Esquire, which was iUuedtohim for the Relief and Maintenance of the Widows of Officers who died in the Service.

Of the Produce of the several Duties directed by Acts of Parliament to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, towards the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

Out of the Duties upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, granted by an Act 50 Georgii 3tu.

Granted for Pay and Clothing of the Militia, Anno 1766, and not issued for that Service.

Of the Monies agreed to be paid by the French King, for the Maintenance of the late French Prisoners of War.

Of Monies arisen by Sale of Lands, in the Elands ceded to His Majesty by the late Treaty of Peace.

8,801,725 11

306,514 u 4I Deficiency of the Ways and Mean#. 9,108,140 2 8|

J

Towards satisfying the Services unpaid,

There remains in the Exchequer, of the Duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic Ditto of the Duties directed by Acts of Parliament to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, towards the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the British Colonies and Plantations in America -

Which Duties having been given for ^.110,000, and having produced into the Exchequer, to this Day, no more than £.24,030. 6s. nd. there remains to be raised, or made good ——

There remains to be received, of the Monies agreed to be paid for the Maintenance of thedate French Prisoners of War -

The Charge upon the Surplus Produce of the ^Sinking Fund, £. s. d.

granted as Part of the Ways and Means - 2,010,121 10 3|

Whereof hath been applied of such £. s. d.

Produce.....*>458,935 *8 5j

Raised by Exchequer Bills, on Credit of the said Fund, and applied /or the Public Service - - - 520,000 — —

Remains to be applied, to complete the said Sum of - - - - ^.2,010,121 10 3J

*>978,935 *8 53

3n 3 587 4i

85,969 *3

90,500-----

3*>*85 11 9j

Deficiency of the Ways and Means granted to answer the Services -

But if the Sum wanting to complete the above £ 110,000, for defending the Colonies, $fc. be ad^ed

The Deficiency will then be -

208,565 19 9

306,514 11 4f 85,969 *3

392,484 4 si

Memorandum:

The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are at follow; viz.

For the late Marine Regiments -

For the late African Company's Creditors -

For Georgia Bills, Residue or £. 15,496. 19s, ld.J

Towards Building a Lazaret -

£ s. d. 10,506 5

900 12 io 57o 17 75 5,°oo-----

l6'977 *5 72

Presented the 4<1 Day of February 1/68, by

W, Speer.

8 Geo. III. 2* Feb 571

572 2° Februarii. A. 1768.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perufcd by the Members of tl»e House.

Leave given The House proceeded to take into Consideration the for a Mem- Message from the Lords, of Friday last, wherein their *7° *lten<* Lordships deiire that this House will give I^eave to 6 or *" Peregrine Cuji, Esquire, a Member of this House, to attend their Lordships Tomorrow, in order to be examined upon the Second Reading of the Bill, intituled, An Act for further regulating the Proceedings of the United Company of Merchants of,

trading to the East Indies, with respect to the making of Dividends.

And the said Message was read;

And Peregrine Cujf, Esquire, being present, flood up in his Place, and declared, that he was willing, with the Leave of the House, to go to the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in the said Message.

Resolved, That Peregrine , Esquire, a Member of this House, have Leave to go to the Lords, as is , desired by their Lordships in the said Message, if he

thinks fit.

Ordered, That a Message he font to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House hath given I>eave to Peregrine CuJl, Esquire, a Member of this House, to go to the Lords Tomorrow, as is desired by their Lordships, in their Message of Friday last, if the said Member thinks fit.

Ordered, That Mr. William Burke do carry the said Message.

Account;' Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Sinking Fund. Account of the Monies issued out of the Sinking Fund, for paying the Charges of Management, from the 29th Day of September 1767 to the 25th Day of December following, of the Annuities attending the Joint Stock, established by an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce paid into the Exchequer, in the Year ending the 5U1 Day of July 1767, of the Duties upon Wines, Cider, and Perry, which have been established as a Fund, for the Payment of certain Annuities, established by an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign (for granting several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cider and Perry; and for raising the Sum of £. 3,500,000 by way of Annuities and Lotteries to be charged on the said Duties); distinguishing the Amount of the said Duties upon Wines, and upon Cider and Perry.

Ashby d< la Sir Edward Bayntun presented to the House, accord-

Zouch ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Inclosure. QpCn an(j Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received $ and read the FirltTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Winfrhh Mr. Bond reported from the Committee, to whom Newburgh the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, nclo ure. Mea(\ow Grounds, Sheep Downs, Commons, Common Heaths, and other Waste Grounds, in the Parish or Manor of Winfrish Newburgh, in the County of , was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Four Persons who could not be found, whose Property, ' in the Common Meadows to be inclosed, amounts to Five Acres, Three Roods, Twenty-thre* Perches and , an Half; and also, except Four other Persons, who,

when applied to for their Content to the Bill, refused to sign it, though they declared they had no Objection, and

whose Property in the Common "Meadows to be inclosed amounts to Four Acres, One Rood, Thirty-eight Perches; and also, except Six Persons, whose Property in the Common Arable Fields and Common Meadows to b« inclosed amounts to One Hundred and Twenty-two Acres, Thirty-three Perches, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except Three Persons, whose- Property in the Common Arable Fields, and Common Meadows, to be inclosed, amounts to One Hundred and Seven Acres,*One Rood, Twenty-three Perches, who hold under Copies of Court Roll, granted on Condition that 1

they would join in any Act or Deed for the dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields and Meadows, 1

and other Commonable Lands, Within the said Manor, j

when thereto requested by the Lord of tire said Manor; 1

and that the wholeNumber of Acres in the said Common '

Arable Fields and Common Meadows, is On® thousand Two hundred and Eighteen Acres, Twenty-eight Per-

dies and an Half; and that the Rector of Winfrish Newburgh, and Vicar of Campden, who are entitled to all the Great and Small Tithes arising out of the said Common Arable Fields and Common Meadows, have consented thereto); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and j

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment!,

in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the several Persons, w hose Names are Wia&ia thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders, Proprietors of Estates, or otherwise interelicd, in the Parish of Neiobttrgh, in the County of Dor, on behalf of them*

selves, and several others, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the said Bill; and letting forth, That the said Bill, and the inclosure thereby intended, is, as the Petitioners apprehend, contrary to the general Sense of the Persons interested therein-, and if the same should take place, it will be extremely injurious to the Property of the Petitioners, and others the smaller Landholders, within the said Parish, some of whom mult, in the Petitioners Judgment, be totally ruined thereby: And therefore praying, that they may be heard, by their Council, against the said Bill; and thbt the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table* until the Report from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, be taken into Consideration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Person who acted as Deputy p,;^. Town Clerk of the City of Oxford, in the Year 1766, do (Oifom.) attend this House upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for providing proper Accommodations for Settm His Majesty’s Justices of the Great Sessions in Wales, dvu*ing the Time of holding such Sessions: And the same was received; and read the First d ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Titft&v

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Fojca the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Force*, while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,



r

'I

it

r;

a

to


VC

rj».

fa

ri

03-

m' -o( * i

Kfr

u'e,

civ ,* to and

:i«y

to

leos

:A

t!:Hf

arol

A

id

ari

iilti

<U

ili*

15

«£; ltfc

nil*

iiifr

;htb:

!V

ifB-

(ft-.

L>H t-

Mercer’s

Company.

Sipply.

8 Geo. III. ' 2° — 3° Febniarii. 573

i.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be hi gr oiled.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom the

Bill to enable Thomas Jeiiner, an Infant, and his Ilfue, to take and use the Surname of , pursuant to the

Will of George Worge, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and Commons, in the Manor of -ham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, waseom-

mitted, be taken into Consideration upon 77 the 18th Day of this Instant February.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 30 die Februarii j

Anno 8° Georgii IIItU Regis, x 768.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Clerk

of the Company of Mercers of the City of London, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper; intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, from the 10th of October 1766 to the " 1 oth of October 1767, directed to be laid before each " House of Parliament, by Tw’o Acts, One of the 21st <{ Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the " Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London; and the other of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the " Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Bond " and other Creditors of the Wardens, and Commonalty " of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London." And then he withdrew'.

And the Title of the said Paper tvas read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Selfton.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being rend accordingly; Ordered, That Surpluses, ftafed the 5th Day of April 1767: And also,

Surpluses, dated the 10th Day of October 1767, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Af rica, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made, That the Report, which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and of the Amount of Twenty-eight Days Suhiistence for the Commission Officers of the said Militia, under the Rank of Major, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1768, be referred to the said Committee;

Vol. 31.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Clothing for the Militia, for the Year 1768, as the House tliall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made. That the several Accounts and Estimates, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted Young Children, be referred to the said Committee;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends to the Consideration of the House, the further Care of the' said Charity.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimates be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, Thgt they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal’e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. ’’ ,

Mr, Cooper also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Alderman Bec/cford presented to the House, according to Order, a Fill for the further and more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption, in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of King the

Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, for disbanding the Army, and other necessary Occasions, as relates to the Number of Troops to be kept upon the Irish Establishment, was according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to £t Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Sheep Downs, Commons, Common Heaths, and other Waste Grounds, in the Parish or Manor of Newburgh, in the County of Dorset,was committed;

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Report was X’ead.

A _ 1 1

y G Ami

EbAiooJj

Army;

Irish

Establi foment.

Ways and Means.

Winfrith

Newburgh

Inclosure.

574

3* — 4° Februarii. 1768.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for settling the Expences to be paid by Copyholders and LeffeeS for Lives.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 4* die Februarii;

Anno 8° Georgii III*U Regis, 1768. Prayers.

rag* A N ingrossed Bill to enable Thomas and hi;

N*1* ‘ Jf\. Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Bur

cher Norton, and Mr. Thomas Ttficnjhcnd, Junior be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, and to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-lbcond Y^ar of the Reign of his late Majesty, so far as the said Act relates to the repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near in the County of Southampton.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the , C!t7 City of London attended at the Door; they were called °p a, °a in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Major, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the House, upon former Application of the Petitioners, have given Leave to bring in a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the City of Ijjndon, and the Liberties thereof, and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for repealing an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign for those Purposes; and that certain Parts of

rowes, pursuant to the Will of John deceased,

was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Thomas Kilborn, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of pur-

funnt to the Will of John Burrowes, deceased.

Ordered, That the Lord Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hanimgfton An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the &c. Road from the WayPofl, in the Parish of Hardi igston,

Ihwh in the County of Northampton, to Old Stratford, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Way Post, in the Parish of Hardingjton, in the County of Northampton, to Old Stratford, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for rebuilding and enlarging the Common Gaol of the City and County of the City of Coventry, and for appointing a Place for the Custody of Prisoners in the mean Time, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rebuilding and enlarging the Common Gaol of the City and County of the City of Coventry, and for appointing a Place for the Custody of Prisoners in the mean time.

Ordered, That Mr. Archer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

*nclolure? An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the feve-ralOpen Fields, Lands, Grounds, Meadows, Pa (lures, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for extinguishing the Right of Common, or Average, upon certain ancient Inclosures, within the fameTown-ship, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Lands, Grounds, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, within the Town ship of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for extinguishing the Right of Common, or Average, upon certain ancient Inclosnres within the same Township.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow, Colonel

R

the Minories, and A Id erf gate Street, being supposed to

be out of the Liberties of the said City, the Pavements thereof cannot be completely finished, or properly kept in Repair, unless Powers are granted for doing the same;

And therefore praying, That Provisiou may be made in the said Bill, to pave, cleanse, and enlighten the said Parts of Holborn, the Minories, and Street,

although out of the Liberties of the said City, and to prevent Obstructions and Annoyances within the same.

Ordered, That the fair! Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they doexa-mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House: '

And it is referred to Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Pat-erfon, Mr. Shiffher, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Mr. Mo-

lyneux, Mr. Brand, Mr. Dyfon, Sir Charles Sir William Beauchamp Proflor, Mr. Forrcfler, Mr. Gore, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Darker, Mr.

Mr. Burke, Mr. OJbaldeflon, Sir Edmund Ilham, Lord Strange, Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Alderman Berk ford, Sir JarritSmith, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Rafhleigh, Sir George Savile, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Herne,

Sir John Molefiearth, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Mr.

Walsh, Mr. Drake, Mr. Edmon/tone; and all the Members who serve for the City of and the

Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, Kent, Hertford,

and Suffer \ and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have, Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Thomas Jtuner, an Infhtit, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Worge, pursuant to the Will of George Worge, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Thomas Jenner, an Infant, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Worge only, pursuant to the Will of George Worge, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Hbofc whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Marshes, Waste Grounds, Commons, Cars, Pasture, and Moor, within the Manor of Hook, in the Parish of Snaith, in the County of York-, and for main-taining the Banks within the said Manor and Township; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true 5

and

8 Geo. III. 4"

575

and that the Parties concerned, had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and tha,t the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table j Where the Report was read.

Resolved., That the Bill be re-committed.

Rrjblved, That the Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

The House being informed, that Mr. Julliott, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

WiaeJ)ut!«» An Account of the Produce paid into the Exchequer,

in the Year ending the 5th Day of 1767, of the Duties upon Wines, Cider, and Perry, which have been established as a Fund for the Payment of certain Annuities, established by an Act jnade in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign (for granting several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cider and Perry; and for raising the Sum of£. 3,500,000 by way of Annuities and

Lotteries to be charged on the said Duties); distingttiOi*-ing the Amount of the said Duties upion Wines,' and up$n Cider and Perry: And allb.

An Aqcount of all the Public Debts ait the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, (landing out the 5th Day of January 1768, being Old Day> withrfthe

annual Interest or other Charges payable for thefqne; And also, - 1

An Account of the Monies issued out of the Sinking Fund, for paying the Charges of Management, from the 29th Day of September 1767 to the 15th Day of Z>e-, mater fdllowing, of the Annuities attending the Joint Stock, established by an Act, made in the Third Year of llis present Majesty’s Rfeigtl, in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

Mr. Julliott also, from the Exchequer, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, An Account of all Sums of Money, which have heen i(Tiled by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to AddrefleS of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament. ..

And then he withdrew. f

Aud the Titles of the said Accounts were reach The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An Account of the Produce paid into the Exchequer, in the Year ending the 5th Day of- July 1767, of the Duties upon Wines, Cider, and Perry, which have been established as a Fund, for the Payment of certain Annuities; established by an Act made in the Third Yqar of His present Majesty’s Reign (for granting' several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cider and Terry, and f<y raising the Sum of £. 3,500,006 by way of Annuities and Lotteries to be charged on the said Duties); diAinguifUing the Amount of the said Duties upon Wines, and upon Cyder ayd Perry.

mnBsaMMoMaassBSaM

The Produce paid into the Exchequer, in the Year ending the 5th Day of July 1767, of the Duties upon. Wines, which have been established as a Fund for the Payment of certain Annuities, established by an Act made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign (for granting several additional Duties upon Wines imported

£. s. d. 75,706 iz 8$

11,281 — —

3,742 — —

£.90,729 12

wto this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cider and Perry, and for raising the Sum of £. 3,500,000 by way of Annuities and Lotteries to be charged on the said Duties) amounts to the Sum of -

The Produce paid into the Exchequer in the same Time, of the Duties upon all Cider and Perry, granted Arno 17.63, amounts to the Sum of - -

The Produce paid into the Exchequer in the same Time, of the Duties upon all Cider and Perry, granted Anno 1766, amounts to the Sum of - -

Exchequer, & P.

the 4U1 Day of February^ 1768.

;'i

W

Vo*.. 31. Xo

Public Debti

Sinking Fund.

£ J

jo the Honoorabte the Knights, Citizens, Mid Burgesses, in Parliament assembled. _ 3 -An ACCOUNT of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of His Majest/s Exchequer, handing out the 5th Day of January i76S, (being Old Christmas Day)

other Charges payable for the fame.

S’ 5-

Cn

-i ——

P

\ t.

r-r

3- <

with the Annual Interest, or vj

0\

EXCHEQUER.

— (G.

S*l

C_

Annuitie. for long Term, being the Remainder of the original Sum contrived »£b^b"rib*d ‘he '

Ditto - for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, being the original Sum contrib ....

Ditto - for Two ami Three Live, being the Sum remaining after what is fallen in by Deaths Exchequer Bills made out for the Interest of old Bills - - " tli , i :., tj,e original Sum contributed

Annuities for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, granted by an Act ,* G,. 3 be‘»g the on«‘n charged on the

- . -

EAST INDIA COMPANY.

»UI Regis, and Two other Acts 6° A* 90 Aruue Regina-, at £. g per Cent, per Annum

Deduction of §d.

SgJ 7

BANK OF ENGLAND. On their original Fund at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. from the 1st August 1743 For cancelling Exchequer Hills, 30 Georgii privii Regis

Purchased of the South Sea Company - " c V

Annuities at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Surplus of the Fun s or _ y 7 4

Ditto - at £. 3 per Cent, per Ami. charged on the Duties on Coals, since Lady Day 1719 Ditto - '----- ~ ’

- m

pjf > «-

m f - Klim

*> - -

« m

746 m -

Regis _ -on Houses and

Windows by the Act 6° Gii. 3lIi Regis ~ at £ 3 P*1' Cent, per Ann. charged on the Sinking Fund, am) added to the Consolidated Annuities by the Act 70 Gii. 3rtJ Regis - Ditto - at £.3 per Cent, per Ann. in Lottery Tickets, charged on the said Fund, by the said Act ——

at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the said Fund, by the Act 25° Gii. q.a Regis, et of Gii. Tertis Regis -£' 3 $ 1>CT Cent, per Ann. charged on the said Fund, by the Act *29® Gii. a*111 Regis -

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

34,627,821 5 1$

500.000 -

900.000 — — ]

600.000 — —

at

at £ 3 I p*r Cent, per Ann. charged on the Duties on Offices and Pensions, to granted by the Act 31° Gii. 2iil Regis, and Duty on Houses and Windows, by the

Act 6® Gii. 3th Jiegis -

Ditto - at/*. 4 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Sinking Fund, by the Act 2° Gii. Tertii Reds -

Xlllfn — uf /’ j __ _ r / _ c _ ;__L J ___ 1 / /

0 at L 4Prr Cent, per Ann. in respect of,£.2,625,000 remaining unredeemed of,£.3,500,000, charged on the additional Duties on Wines and Cider, fyc. by the Act 30 Gii. 3tn Regis .....- - .

Memorandum :The Subscribers of/, too to the Lottery 1745 allowedInn Annuity’for offst' n TicLTwhieh

duced by Lives fallen in, to/. 16,983. 5»- And the Subscriber, of /.loo to «jy* "^7. Annuities, Anno ,757 were allowed

amounted to ,£.45,900, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in, £. 33,5 ‘ , . t r j]cn in to £. 31,128. 17s. 6d. And the Subscribers of

an Annuity fur Oue I.ife of,£.1. 2s. 6d. which amounted tb,£-33*750* u 13 e< £ amounting, with the Charges of Management to th£ Bank

/.too for / 3VerL-. Annuities, Anno ,7fi, were allowed .» Anmnty for ^2^ rfttoVt w"?e entitled to Annuitie, for 98 Years of/.,

of England, to £. 130,053. 105. 3d. And the Contributors to £ W*00 687. 10s. whith Annuities for 99 and 08 Years were

Ci-nt. per Ann. which, with the Charges of Management to the Bank of England. ® f ntrrest "but cannot be added to the Public Debt, as no Money was

consolidated by the Act 4° Gii. 3'u W* whic,‘ Annuities are an Increase of the annual Interest, bat capnot....

advanced for the same ....

Principal Debt. I or other Charget payable

thofame.

—— % Ti sr

£ ' M3M75 >7

108,100 —

72,105 »4

2,200 — 18,000 —

d.

10

io|

r

3.200.000 —

1.060.000 —

3.200.000 —

500,000 —

4,000,000 —

1.250.000 —

1.750.000 — 986,800 —

Annual Intervft, ier Char for the I

c

£. s. d.

136,453 12 8

7.567-----

’ll711 -

540-----/

i n C*. kO-k -

z. 3

- c" c:

97*285 14

30,401 15 S

~ v- v. ~ ix ff C-

eg 2 c‘ 5 Pc

100,000 — —

15,000 — —

121,898 3 5 §

37*500 — —

52,500 — —

29,604 — —

SOUTH SEA COMPANY, On their Capital Stock and Annuities $° Georgii Primi -

Annuities at £ $per Cent. Awio 1751, charged on the Sinking hund - - - m

t -

EXCHEQUER,

o* the 4th Day of Cebry.

S. P. Julliolt.

35,127,821 5 1 i 1*073^32 — 8

cf L i

1,500,000 — — 45*000 —

19*183*323 16 4 586,290 6 6

1,500,0 00 53*343 15

4,500,000 — 160,031 5 —

20,240,000 — — 820,985 —

2,625,000 — — 106,476 11 3

ISs - — ,4! . - r -

m CT r 11 r.

m, ~ m 1 " 333*433 2 9

25*025,309 13 11 j 765»326 3 ..y 'rJi; >1

2,100,000 — — 64,181 5

129,724,936 8 2 i 4,646,027 7 5

Februarii. A. 1768

Mary-le-Bone Strtets, &c.

Abingdon,

&c.

Road.

Sunderland

to

Durham

Road.

8 Geo. III. 40 Februarii. 577

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An Account of the Monies issued out of the Sinking Fund, for paying the Charges of Management from the 29th Day of September 1767 to the 25th Day of December following, of the Annuities attending the Joint Stock, eilablHhed by an Act made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in respect of certain

Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Depentures.

The Monies issued out of the Sinking Fund, for paying the Charges of Management from the 29th Day of September 1767 to the 25th Day of December following, of the Annuities attending the Joint Stock, diablished by an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, amount to the Sum of Two Hundred and Forty-four Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight Pence Three Farthings.

Exchequer, S. P. Julliott.

the 4th Day of February 1768.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An Account of all Sums of Money, which have been issued by his Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To William Botvyer, Gentleman, towards defraying the Expences of printing 1,250 Copies of such Parliamentary and other Records of the House of Lords, as his Majesty shall think fit -More to him, towards defraying the Expence of printing Copies of such Parliamentary and other Records as have been directed to be printed -

To Thomas Tynvhitt, Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of the

House of Commons of the Jail Session of Parliament, with a proper Index thereto; and also the Expence of reprinting the Journals and Reports of the House of Commons, with Indexes to the said Journals . - ....

To Edward Moore, Gentleman, towards defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons -

£ s. d. 2,364 11 —

2>eS5 9 —

5,000-----

-500-----

10,500-----

Exchequer, S. P. Julliolt.

the 4th Day of February, 1768.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the bet ter regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor within the Parilli of Saint Mary-lc-Bove, in the County of Middlesex, and for the better Maintenance of the Poor, regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles; cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets^, Squares, Lanes, and other Paffagos, and repairing the Highways and Causeways within the said Parish; was committed; be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Morton presented to the I louse, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the ixoad from the Mayor's Stone, in Abingdon, in the County of Berks, through Citmner, to the ancient i Iorl’e Road at SzcinArd, in the said County: And the same was reeehed; and read the Lirft Time.

liefolved. That the Bill be read a Second lime.

Mr. Vane reported from the Committee, to whom the Vol. 31.

Bill for enlarging and continuing the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sunderland\ near the Sea, to the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with tl)e Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Calcraft reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons, Common Heaths, and Welle Grounds, in the Manor of Morden, in the County of Dorset, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except -- Klines, who

is pcHclIed of 10 a Year within the said Manor, who

7 H was

Morden

Inclosure*

Millington

Inclosure.

DistrefleJ

Debtors.

Ditto.

578

4° Fehruariu

A. 1768*

was fought after, and written to, but could not be Mr. Fitzherbert presented to the House, according to Littkom found; and that she whole Lands within the said Manor Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, hidofure. are valued at £. 1200 a Year, and upwards) and that Wade Grounds, Open Fields, Common Meadows, and the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fe- Common Pastures, in the Liberty of IJHleaver, within veral Amendments thereunto , which they had directed the Parilli of in the County of Derby: And

him to report to the House and he read the Report in the same was received; and read the First Time, his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An 'fegrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, within the Townlliip of , in the Coun-

ty of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Burton

Jovce

Mr. Willoitghby reported from the Committee, to

w hom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Inclosure. Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Barton Jot/cc, and Bulcoale, in the County of Nottingham, wascoaunb-ted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found tire same to be trite; and that the Parties concerned had given their Omfent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto , which they had directed

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and him to report to the House; and he read the Report in Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Wades, within the Township of Millington, in the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the County of York. Amendments wrere Once read throughout; and then a

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty’s Prison of The Fleet, on Behalf of themselvCs and all others, in the like unhappy Situation, within the numerous Gaols of this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the several Prisoners, who are now confined for Debt in the Cable Gaol for the County of

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for making and widening a Passage, or Street, GUfjow from the Salt Market Street,in the City of Glasgow, to kxttUB£^ St. Andrew's Church in the said City; and for enlarging and completing the Church Yard of tire said Church; and for making and building a convenient Exchange in

Gloucester, and also those in the Gaol for the City of fajj City; and also for explaining and amending an Gloucester, in the Behalf of themselves and othei their passed in the Thirty-second Y'ear of his late Ma-bellow Prisoners in the like Situation, in the several jesty;for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde,

Snainton

Inclolurr.

Gaols in this Kingdom -,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arabic Fields, Meadow’s, Pastures, Commons, and Grounds, within the Township of Sna, in the Parillies ot Brotnploti and Ebberjton, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Onslow, Mr. DoMr. Wilbraham, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Cooper, Mr. , Sir Smith,

Mr. Grosvenor, Sir CharlesKe Tynte, Mr. Herne, Mr.

Hewett, Mr. Ryde, Mr. BaMr. Plumptre, Mr.

Hayes, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir Charles Mor da tint, Sir John Molefvorth, Sir Merrick BurSir Boger

Mr. Smith, Mr. Barrow, Colonel Mr. S audits,

Mr. Goddard, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Barker, Mr. West, Mr. Mr. Jackson, Mr.

Filzherbcrt, Mr. Byder \ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Lincoln, Dur-

to the City of Glasgow, and for building a Bridge cross

the said River, from the said City, to the Village of Gor-bells; was read a Second Time.

Refi lied, That the Bill be -committed to Mr. Ed-manfione, Mr. Brand, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Difoti, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Iwzvndcs, Mr. Mr.

Drake, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Bond, Me. BaJJel Mordaunt, Mr. Drax, Mr. Cooper, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Sir

John Sebright, Mr. Town/end, Mr. Ryde, Mr. Barrow,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. //aye.?, Mr. Hewett, Mr Montagu,\lr.

Holt, Mr. Lee, Mr,<SWymour, Mr. Mr. Clive-, and all the Members who serve for North Britain And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen of the Counties of La- Dims nerk and Renfrew, the Magistrates of the Borough of Rutherglen, and others, whose Estates lie on the South Side of the River Clyde, or are concerned in Collieries on that Side of the River, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that tire Petitioners observe, from the Votes, that a Petition is presented, for a Bill,

Reading

to

Su Albant Road.

ham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Wrftrnorland, and amongst other Things, for building a Bridge arofs the Lane after: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at River Clyde, from Glasgow, to the Village of Gorbells, Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. and destroying certain Fords; and alleging that the Petitioners conceive, that, should the said Bill pass into a Mr. Clayton presented to the House, according to Or- Law, they should be greatly prejudiced in their Proper-

der, a Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and alter- ties, and a heavy perpetual Toll brought on them and ing, the Road leading from Reading, in the County of their Posterity; and that the Petitioners have procured a

Watford, and Saint Albans, to Hal field, in the County of more proper and commodious Part of the River, and Hertford; and also, the Road leading out of the said at a much less Expence than what is proposed by tire Road at Marlow, over Great Marlow Bridge, through Magistrates of Glasgow, and to have a Sinking Fund, By/ham,to or near the Thirty Mile St one, in the Turn- arising from the Pontage, to be granted by Parliament, pike Road leading from Maidenhead to Reading: And andfundry Donations expected, for gradually paving off the same was received -, and read the First Time/. the aforesaid 7,000, or so much thereof as Audi be

Rejolyed, That the Bill lie read a Second Time, wanted, whereby the foresaid Bridge will, in a lliorfc

Tib16*

8 Geo. III.

Time, become a free Bridge: And therefore praying the House to consider the Premises, and to allow the Petitioners to be heard, by their Counsel, and give such Relief as dial I seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and widening a Passage, or Street, from the Salt Market Street, in the City of to An-

drew's Church in the said City; and for enlarging and completing the Church Yard of the said Church; and for making and building a convenient Exchange in the said City; and also for explaining and amendingan Act, passed in the Thirty*second Year of his late Majesty, for improving flic Navigation of the River Clyde, to th|eCity of Glasgow, and for building a Bridge cross the said

River, from the said City, to the Village of GorbeUs, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think tit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

S 79

A Bill for providing proper Accommodations for His Wclih Majesty’s Justices of the Great Sessions in Wales, during St®an!* the Time of holding such Sessions, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir George Yonge, from the Commissioners for execute Accontrtj ing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account /hewing how the Increase of the Debt of the Navy, between the 31st Day of December 1766 and the 31st Day of December 1767, has arisen; distinguished under the several Heads of Expence.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

4° Februarii.

Navy Office, 7 Aw ACCOUNT /hewing how the Increase of the Debt of the Nary, between the gift 3d February 4768. 3 Day of December 1766 and the 3ill Day of December 1767, has arisen, distinguished

under the several Heads of Expence; prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 29th 768.

Debt of the Navy on the 31st December 1767 - -

Debt of the Navy on the 31st December 1766, as presented to Parliament

Granted by Parliament, towards discharging the said Debt

s.

4

d.

1,213,07a 8


5i

1,456,924 I i£ 300,000 — - —

Which reduces it to

1,156,924 f 1$

Debt of the Navy on the 31st December 1767, increased

56,148 7 3i

and 31st De<? 1767 Interest incurred on Bills

S.

6

d.

7i

Which Increase has arisen by the following extraordinary Charges being included in the Debt, for which no Provision was made by Parliament; viz.

£ * d.

Charge of Transports, between the jil January, \Navy 12,618 14 4

- -jViftual* 9,456 1a

{ Navy 9,638 11 6

’[Visual* 3,419 15 6 Premium on Naval Stores imported from the Plantations.

Bounty of £. 5 per Head, for Men belonging to the Enemy’s Ships of

War that were taken or destroyed in the late War - - - - 310 —

Additional Half-pay to Lieutenants in the Navy ..... 14,000 — —

J 12,075

}13»58 3&>9°9

7 — " 5

£. 88,363 5 — 4

G. Cokburne. T!u>. Slade. J. Williams. E. Mason. T. Brett.

Halifax

Streets.

Ordered, *1 hat the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for supplying the Town of Halifax with Water; and for better paving, cleaning, and lighting, Vo*,. 31.

the Streets and other Places there; and for removing all Nuisances, Incroachments, and Obstructions, within the said Town, and preventing the like for the future* was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, andmade several Amendmerrtsthereunto; which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in hi*

Place j

Supply.

580 40 — 50 F A. 1768.

FI ace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second 'Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the 1 ioufe; and an Amendment was made by the 1 Ioufe, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

out Apprentice such Children re received into the said Hospital on or before the Twenty-fifth Dav of March One thousand Seven bundled and Sixty, so as the said Governors and Guardians do not give with any One Child more than the Sum of Sev en Pounds; and that the said Sum be iiTued and paid without Fee or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole 1 Ioufe, to* whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which, the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-nine thousand Three hundred and Twenty-two Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the Tenth Day of October One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, inrespectof Three millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, borrowed by virtue of an Act made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-three thousand Four hundred and Eighty Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eight Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sinn paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the Fifth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, in respect of Five Atilhofis borrowed by virtue of an Art made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in maintaining and supporting the Drilish Forts and Settlements on the Coall of Africa, under the Direction of the Committee of Merchants trading to Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, and for their Subliitence during the Time they shall be absent from Home on account of the Annual Exercise, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-nine, thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majestv, upon . Account, towards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exuded and dderted young Children, to maintain and educate such Children as were received into the said Hospital on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One tliou-sand Seven hundred and Sixty, from the Thirl y-first Day of December One thousand Seven bundled and Sixty-leven, exdufne, to the Thirty-full Djv of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty eight, mcluiive; and that the said Sum be issued and paid, for the life of the said Hoi pita!, without For or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever.

R:solved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That afurtherSiun, not excecdingTwo thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majuly, upon A'count, to enable the Governors audGiuti Jiansof the bud Hoipiiai to put 16

Ordered, That Charles Say, Printer of the Gazetteer Prlvi’^c. and New Daily Advevtifer, do attend this 1 Ioufe, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Person who keeps Baker's Coffee Ditto. House, in Exchange Alley, do attend tins House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House, prjfatc Tomorrow, to proceed upon any private Bufiucfs after Bufinel* Two of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris^ 5" die Februarii;

Anno 8° Georgii IIItil Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

THE House being moved, in pursuance of the Or- Prmte der'of Yesterday, that Leave be gi\cn to move Bufiads. the House, this Day, that any private Business- might be entered upon in the House, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Oadered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Mr. Dxtndas reported from the Committee, to whom Carroa the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Navigation. Mouth of the River o fCarroit, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dahnuir Bums oof., in the County of Dumbarton; and also a collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glas-g )W; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and tlmt the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which tlicy had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Refilled, That the said Bill be fe-committed.

Ref died. That the Bill be recommitted to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

A Bill for amending and widening several Roads B shop'* leading from the Town of Bishop's Cqflle; and from Cattle Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at Westbiny, and from koids, Broclun to t lie 'Turnpike Road at MinJlerlxj, in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery; was read a Second Time.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, hav- A Member ing taken the Oaths, and made and lublcribed the I)e- ^vorn* duration, and taken and fublcnbed t be Gath of Abjura- '

tion, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Rejoiced, 'That 11le Bui be committed to Mr. Clive, Brlmo's Mr Shif'ner, Mr. George Clive, Sir Jcfepk Mdickey. Sir 'Hille William Doibca, Mr. Gore, Mr. A moolis, Sir Francis

Vincent,

8 Geo. III. 50 Februari 581

Vincent, Mr. Dundas, Sir Robert Mr.

mQur, Lord Strange, Mr. Jackson, Colonel Sir

Roger Newdigate, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Darker, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Palk, Mr. VanfiltartMr. Alderman Beckford, Mr.

Lascelles, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Lee, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Sir

Jarrit Smith, Mr. Calcraft, General Gramie. Sir Thomas Stapleton, Mr. Montague, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Gilbert: and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop and Hereford; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

City of Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, London to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, Paving. and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read; the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, William T/ifer, Esquire, being examined, said. That thtere are certain Parts of H the Minories, and gate Street, which, being supposed to be out of the Liberties of the City of London, the Pavements thereof cannot be properly repaired, and kept in Repair, unless the Powers of a Bill now depending, for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening the City of be

extended to those Places; and that it will be of public Utility to have the said Bill extended to those Places.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and for preventing Obllrudions and Annoyauces within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for repealing an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for those Purposes; That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, for paving cleansing, and enlightening certain Parts of Holborn, the Minories, and Aldersgate Street.

Welwick A Bill for dividing and inclosingcertain Open Common

inclosure. Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in Welwick and Weeton, in the Parish of Wclwick, in in the East Rid-

ing of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laf-celles, Mr. Smith, Sir Edmund Mr. Blackdone,

Mr. Knight, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr Mr. Coventry,

Mr. Seymour, Mr. Shf/fn Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. York, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Bx ’/do, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Townshend, Sir Joseph Mr.

Paterson, Lord Strange, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Gilbert, Mr, Sandys, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Buller, Mr. Jackfm, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Forester, Mr Bull; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, jii the Speaker's Chamber.

WiUonghMn A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, inclosure. Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Willoughton, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Byde, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Yorke, Sir Edmund Mr. Burrell,

Mr. Knight, Mr. Bindley, Mr Mr. Pennant, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Foiwereau, Mr. Teuton, Mr. Fuller, Mr.-Tozon/hend, Sir Anthony Abdy, Sir Joseph Mr. Ridley, Mr. Aufrere, Mr; Edmonjione, Mr.

VOL. 31.

Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Archer, Mr. ElliMf. Coventry. Mr. Whitjhed, Sir John Delaval, Mr. Alderman Beckford,

Mr. Rigby, Mr. Harris, Mr. Sir Jarrit

Smith, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Charles Kemys T/pVC,

Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Merrick Burrell and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Mortoa Fields, Meadow’ Grounds and Common Fen, in the Inclosure Parish of Morton, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the said Fen, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Edmund Mr, Harley, Mr. Hanbimj, Mr. Herbert, General A'Court, Mr.

Cornwall, Mr. Clive, General Honeyivood, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Townsend, Sir William Owen, Lord Bateman,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Morgan, Sir Henry Bridgeman,

Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Foley, Mr. Barrow, Sir Joseph Maw-bet/, Mr. Bindley, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir Alexander Grant, Colonel Filzroy, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Goddard, Mr. Glover, Mr. Ridley, Sir Robert Ladbroke,

Mr Parker, Mr. West, Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Jackson, Mr.

Fitzherbert, Mr. Montague, Mr. Ryder; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, York, Northampton, and: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A BiH to enlarge the Term and Powers of an A cl, gccnJ made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Road. Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Green Man, in the Chapelry of in the County of Wilts,to Beckington, in the County of Somerset', and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the same Year, for repairing several RoadsHn the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, as relates to the Road from a Place in Trozole Bridge Lane, to , and

from Fred ford to Hall's Close, in Limpley Stoke, and for amending the said Roads, and also several other Roads leading from or near the Roads included in the said Acts; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir James Long. Sir John Elwell, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fitzher-

bert, Mr. Bull, Mr. Elliot, Sir Fdioard Bayntum, Mr.

Byde, Mr. Clevland, Colonel Fitzroy, Sir Kenrick

ton, Mr. Shifiner, Mr. Brand, Mr. Darner, Sir Charles

Kemys Tynte, General A’Court, Mr. Stt/rt, Sir Henry Brulgeman, Sir Robert Burdelt, Mr Hewett, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fonnereau, Lord Granby, Lord Thomond, Mr.

Thyne, Mr. Conway, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Seymour,

Mr. Methuen, Mr. Norther/, Mr. , Mr.

Mr..Gray, Mr. Dundas, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Sandys, Mr. B, Mr. Mr. Darker, Sir Thomas Stapleton, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Barroio, Mr. Befi; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of W fits, Somerset, , and Cornwall': And they are to meet this Afternoon, it Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are tb have Voices.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House, Private upon Monday next, to proceed upon any private Bufi- HuGneft. ness after Two of the Clock.

Mr. Lascelles, reported from the Committee, to whotn Litton

the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Stinted Paf- inclosure. tures, within the ’lownship of Litton, in the Parish of Arnclifjf’, in the County of York was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true-, and that the Par*, ties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee > and that the Cofn-7 I mittca

58*

5* Februanu

A. 1768.

mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several had directed him to report to the House; and he. read

Whale

Fisherjr.

Amendments thereunto} which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Refolded, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

A Petition of the Merchants and Tradesmen of the

the Report in his place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table} Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One} and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House} and several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Corn* mon Fields, Meadow Grounds, Sheep Downs, Commons, Common Heaths, and other Waste Grounds, in the Parish or Manor of IVinfrith , in the

Winfrth

Newburgh

Iaclefurt*

Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, on behalf of themselves, County o was read the Third Time,

and more particularly of those concerned in the Whale Ribbed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Fisheryto Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas ad- be An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common

Sunderland

to

Durham

Road.

jaeent, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth the Advantages, which, the Petitioners conceive, would arise from a further Continuance of the Bounty on all Ships employed in catching of Whales in the Greenland Seas, and Seas adjacent: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Merchants Ttnd Tradesmen of the Port of Liverpool, on Behalf of themselves and more particularly of those concerned In the Whale Fishery to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging and continuing the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for

Fields, Meadow Grounds, Sheep Downs, Commons, Common Heaths, and other Waste Grounds, in the In-Parish of Winfrish Newburgh, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Bond do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the Counties of Somersetand Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for repairing and widening the Roads from Buckland Dinhani, in the County of merfet,through Clandmcn, to the End of the Parish of Timsbury, leading towards B and from the White Pof,in the Parish of MidJ'ummer Nthrough-/«/£-land, to the End of the Parish of Norton Saint Philips, leading to the Parish of Farleigh Castle, in the said

Buckl.ad

Diuhara

Road.

repairing the Road from Sunderland, near the Sea, to County; and that the Road branching out of the.Road the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, was leading from the White Pof, in the Parish of

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging and continuing the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sunderland, near the Sea, to the City of Durham in the County of Durham.

mer, to Norton Saint Philips, at or near Tucker's Grave, and leading through Stoney Littleton, to the Road leading from Welloto to the Red Pojt, is in a ruinous Condition, in mahy Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods provided by Law: And therefore pray-That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for

Ordered, 'Diat Mr. Vane do carry the Bill to the repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner

Halifax Streets, Itc.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, forsupplying the Town of Halifax with Water} and for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets and other Places there, and for removing all Nuisances, Incroachments, and Obstructions, within the said Town, and preventing the like for the future; was read the Third Time.

as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Smith, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Shiftier, General Mr. Dyfon,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Clayton, Lord Clare, Mr. Townshend, Mr Burke, Mr Mr

Mr. Bull, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Stephens, Mr.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title §jr james Long, Mr. Basset, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Roster

be. An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for supplying the Town of Halifax with Water} and for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets and other Places there, and for removing all Nuisances, Incroachments, and Obstructions within the said Town, and preventing the like for the future.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Newdigate, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Grosvenor, Sir John De-laval, Colonel Hotham, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Darker, Mr. Morion, Mr. Rafhleigh, Mr. Upton, Mr.;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of SomerJ’et, Wilts, Dorset, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hook

Inclosure.

A Petition of the unhappy Prisoners confined for

Debt in the Prison of the Palace Court, or Mar/haljea,

r. s, 01 , . was presented to the House, and read} Complaining

S:r Georgefavilc reported from the Comm.ttee, to ofth^ir Distress. Aud ing ReIief.

yAiyi inn Kl 11 IA1* nifnniywv nn#l 1 nnlAli a I I . - _. . r

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Marlbes, Waste Grounds, Commons, Cars, Failure, and Moor, within the Manor of Hook, in the Parish of Smith, in the County of York} and for maintaining the Banks w ithin the said Manor and Township; was re-committed} That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill} which they

Ordered, That Table.

DistrcfM

Debtor*,

the said Petition do lie upon the

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title

be,

Mirim

Forctiv

8 Geo. III.

5° Februarii.

583

be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill be committed;

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in tfte Elections of Members td serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly;

: Then the said Bill was committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Sevennight, the 15th Day of this Instant February, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

- to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account Ihewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1767 has been dispo-fcd of; dillingu idled under the several Heads, until the 2d Day of February 1768, and the Parts remaining unfatislied, with the Deficiency thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money, which have been ifl'ued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money issued out of the Sinking Fund, to discharge, from the 29th Day of September x 767 to the 25th Day of December following, and from the 10th Day of October 1767 to the 5th

Day of January 1768, the respective Annuities attend-: the said Philip John Treacher, Sir Thomas Mun-

ing such Parts of the Joint Stocks as were redeemed day, Thomas Wife, John Nicholes, John Phillips, Isaac and paid off, on the 25th Day of December 1767 and Richard Thomas John

the 5th Day of January 1768, in pursuance of Two Acts Brown, confessing their Fault in having signed the Let-made in the last Session of Parliament, be referred to ters to the honourable Robert Lee, and Sir Thomas S(a-

The several Orders of the Day being read, for the At-tendence of Philip Ward, Esquire, late Mayor of the City of Oxford, Mr. John Treacher, Sir Thomas Mr. Thomas Wife, Mr. John Nicholes, Mr. John Phillips, Mr. Ij'aac Lawrance, Mr. Richard Tawney, all of the City of Oxford, Mr. Thomas Robinson, and Mr. John Broion, Bailiffs of the said City, in the Year 1766;

The House was informed, by a Member of the House, that he had received a Letter signed with the Names of

Account; Ceded Iflamls.

Elections*

the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies issued out of the Sinking Fund, for paying the Charges of Management, from the 29th Day of 1767 to the

25th Day of December following, of the Annuities attending the Joint Stock, establillied by an act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, be referred to the said Committee.

Then me House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to federal Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That t his House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Lord North presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 19th Day of March 1766,

Account of the Sale of I^ands in the Ceded Jilands in 1767, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales, the 18th Day of July 1767.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Bill for the further and more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, was, according to order,- read a Second Time*

You 31.:

Privilege; Oxford.

pleton, Baronet, dated the 12th of May 1766, and asking Pardon for the fame.

And the said Member delivered the said Letter in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Letter was read.

Then the said Philip Ward, John Treacher, Thomas Wife, Sir Thomas Munday, John Nicholes, John Phillips, Isaac Lawrance, Richard Tawney, Thomas Robinson, and John Brown, were called in, and, at the Bar, fhewri the said Letter, which was this Day delivered in at the Clerk’s Table by the said Member.

And they severally acknowledged that the said Letter was signed by them; and they delivered in a Paper; acknowledging their having subscribed and sent to the honourable Robert Lee, and Sir Thomas Stapleton, Baro-‘ net, the Letters dated " Oxford, 12th May 1766."

And then they were directed to withdraw.

And the said Paper was read.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the subscribing

and fending to the honourable Robert Lee, and Sir Thomas Stapleton, Baronet, the Two Members for the City of Oxford, the Letters dated from thence the 12th of May 1766, is an high and flagrant Breach of the Privilege of this House, tending to subvert the Freedom and Independence of Parliament.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, that Philip Ward, Esquire, late Mayor of the City of Oxford, be, for his' Offence, in subscribing and fending the said Letters, committed to His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly;

The House was moved, that the Preamble of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for completing the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Fryars, in the City of London, to theoppofiteSide, in the County of Surrey, and the Avenues thereto on the London Side; for redeeming the Tolls1 on the said Bridge, and on London Bridge; for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, in the said City; for repairing the Royal Exchange, within the same; for embanking Part Of the North Side of the said River, within certain Limits; and for further continuing, towards those Purposes, the imposition of Six Penceper Chaldron, or Ton, of Coals and Culm, imported into the Port of the said City, established by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of

the1

o

584 50 Februarii. 176$.

the Reign of Ring William and Queen Mary; and also for carrying on the new Pavements in the City and Liberties of Westminster and Parishes adjacent, and in the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; so- far as the same relates to the Gaol of Newgale; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " His Majesty’s " Gaol of Newgpte" in o*der to insert, " the Prison " of the King's Bench," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, that the Words, cc His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate" stand Part of the Ques-.(ion:

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for he Yeas, f } "S'

Teller, for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That Philip Ward, Esquire, late Mayor of the City of Oxford, be, for his Offence, in subscribing and fending the said Letters, committed to His Majesty’s Gaol of Next gate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. John Treacher be, for his Offence, in subscribing and fending the said Letters, committed to "his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Mvnday, Knight, be, for his Offence, in subscribing and fending the jsaid Letters, committed to His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Wife be, for his Offence, in subscribing and fending the said Letters, committed to His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. John Nicholes be, for his Offence, in subscribing and fending the said Letters, committed to His ^Lyefty’s Gaol of Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. John Phillips be, for his Offence, in subscribing and fending the said Letters, committed to His Majesty’s Gaol of Nrwgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Isaac Lawrance be for his Offence, in subscribing and fending the said Letters, committed to His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Tawney be, for his Offence, in subscribing and fending the said Letters, committed to His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Robinson be, for his Offence in subscribing and fending the said Letters, committed to His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue nis Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. John Brown be, for his Offence, in subscribing and fending the said Letters, committed to His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

The House was moved, that Part of an Act, made in the Second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery apd Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the same w^s. read accordingly.

Tnen a Motion wasmade, and the Question proposed. That an humble , Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order and direct the Attorney General to prosecute, by due Course of Law, Philip Ward, late Mayor, and other Members of ,the Corporation (of Oxford,who, by their Letters dated the lUh Day of May 1766, directed and delivered to their 21

present Representatives in Parliament, asked for a large Sum of Money to enable them to do Justice to their Creditors, by paying off their present Bond Debts; and therein declaring, that it was requested, in order to prevent all Opposition at the next General Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in open Violation of the Laws and Constitution of this Kingdom, and in Breach of the said Statute.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then a motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Thanks of this House be given to the honourable Robert Lee, and Sir Thomas Stapelton, Baronet, for their very honourable Conduct on their Receipt of the Letters written to them by the said Mayor and other Members of the Corporation of Oxford;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out " the Thanks of," to leave out Ci be (t given to," and insert " doth highly approve of the " very honourable Conduct of ;" after " Baronet" to leave out " for their very honourable Condu6tafter " the," and before " Letters," to insert " said," and to leave out " written to them by the said Mayor and " other Members of the Corporation of Oxford And the Question being put. That the Words " the <c Thanks of stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " b£

<c given to" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Questionjbeing put, That the Words ct doth " highly approve of the very honourable Conduct of’ be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words cc for " their very honourable Conduct," after " Baronet," Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word 4C said’* be inserted between the Words " the" and " Letters;" It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words cc written to them by the said Mayor and other Officers of " the Corporation of Oxford" stand Part of the Question; 5

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, thus amended, being put;

Resolved, That this House doth highly approve of the very honourable Conduct of the honourable Robert Lee, and Sir Thomas Stapleton, Baronet, 011 their Receipt of the said Letters.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conffder further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for providing proper Accommodations for His Majesty’s Justices of the Great Sections in Wales, during the Time of holding such Sessions.

Ordered, That Charles Say, Printer of the Gazetteer anfNew DailyAdvertiser, do attend this House upon Monday Mortfing next.

Ordered, That the Persan who, keeps JTaker's Coffee-House, in Exchange Alky, do attend this House at. the famejTimeu;

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lun<r

Wap and Met as.

Sc/Iioni.

Privilege.

Ditta.


8 Geo. III. 8* FebfuafH. 585


"Private

Bufinefc.

leading*

to

St. Albaaft load.

Kingsfon toon Thames lead.

Bdckland

iDinha.n

Road-

Luna, 8° die Februarii;

Anno 8* Georgii III*" Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

THE House being moved, in pursuance of the Order of Friday last, that Leave be given to move the House this Day, tli^t any private Business might be entered upon in the House this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

A Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road leading from Reading, in the County of Berks, through Henley, in the County of Oj/orrf, and Great Marlow, Chipping Wycombe, Agmon and Cheynes, in

the County of Bucks, and Ric Watford, and Saint Albans, to Hatfield, i n the County of Hertford, and also, the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow, over Great Marlow Bridge, through Byfham, to or near the Thirty-Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from Maidenhead, to Reading-,was read a SecondTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clayton, Sir James Long, Sir Charles M Mr. Jennings,

Mr. Pent on, Lord Burgher/h, Wr. Full

broke, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Mr. Sey-

mour, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Conway, Mr. Morton, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Lowndes, Sir James Sir Francis Vincent, M x.Dempfier, Mr Mr. On-

JloivSir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Mr. Dyfon, Mr.

Gilbert, Mr. Richard Fuller, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Black-fione, Mr. Calverts and all the Members who fervefor the Counties of Berks, Bucks, Oion, Hertford, Sutrey, and MiddleJ'ex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Francis Vincent presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual and to enlarge the Term and Powers grunted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, so far as the said Act relates to the repairing and widening the Road from the Town of KingJ/onupon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near Peters field, in the County of Southampton; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Smith reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Buckland Dinham, in the County of Somerset, through C/andoton, to the End of the Parilli of leading

towards BriJtol, and from the White Pojf, in the Parish of Midsummer Norton, through Falkland, to the End of the Parish of Norton Saint Phillips,\end\ ng to the Parish of Farleigh Castle, in the said County, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Smith, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the Counties of Somerset, and Wilts,whose Names are thereunto

subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the Vot. 31.

House; and he mad the Report in lus Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr. William Saben, said; That the Road in the Petition mentioned, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and incommodious to Passengers, and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Methods provided by Law.

Ordered, That it be an Ioftfuftion to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Buckland Binham, in the County of Somerset, through Clandoum, to the End of the Parilli of,

leading towards Bristol, and from the White in the

Parish of Midsummer Norton, through Falkland, to the End of the Parilli of Norton Saint Phillips, leading to the Parish of Farleigh Castle, in the said County, is re-committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road branching out of the said Road, leading from the White Post, in the Parish of Midsummer Norton, to Norton Saint Phillips, at or near a Place called Tucker's Grave, and leading through Stoney Littleton,to the Road leading from Wel-

low, to a Place known by the Name of The Red Pajl.

Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exemplifying, or inrolling, an Indenture of Settlement, of Elizabeth Bridges, and the Will and Codicils of Brook Bridges, Esquire, and making the same Evidence, as well in Ireland as Great Britain, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the -Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Barroio do carry the Bill to the Lords, and accquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of William Cowton, Walter Baldock, Tutor and Guardian for William Allanfon, an Infant, Robert ' Baker, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements, within the Township of in the

Parishes of Brompton and Ebin the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have been informed; that a Bill hath already been, or is intended to be, presented to the House, for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Snainton; and that, by such Bill, it is intended that all the Owners of Land, and old Inclosnres within the said Township, are to be totally excluded all Benefit of the said Inclosure, and deprived of their Right of Common, in and upon the same Commons and Waste Grounds; and that, should such Inclosure take effect, upon the Plan the same now Hands, the Petitioners would be greatly injured, and totally deprived of their whole Right of Common and their several Estates reduced to less than Half their present Value: And therefore praying the House to take the same of th^ Petitioners into their Consideration, and suffer the Petitioners to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and not fufier the said Bill, as it now stands, to pass into a Law, but grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem equitable and right.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and Inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Grounds, within the Township of Snainton, in the Parishes of Brompton and

1K Ebberfon,

BrW|

Wil

Smintoft

Ioclofere,

586 8° Februarii. A. 1768.

Ebberflon, in the North Riding of the County of is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, it they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ketton Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Heath, and Com-.monable Lands in the Parish of Ketton, in the County of Rutland, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One.by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for settling and ascertaining the Boundaries between the said Parish of Ketton and the Parish of Empington, in the County of Rutland, adjoining to the said Parish of Ketton.

And a Member of the House acquainted the House that he was authorized by the foie Owner and Proprietor of the said Parish of Empington, to signify his Consent to the Clause.

Then the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank, which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Calcroft do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Littl«oa Waste Grounds, Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Inclosur*. Common Pastures, in the Liberty of Littleover, within the Parish of Mickleover, in the County of Derby, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Herbert, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Burke, Mr. Calvert, Sir John Delaval, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Lord Cather- i

lough, General Invine, Lord Charles Lord Mci- (

borough. Lord Brotvnlow Bertie, Mr. Bacon, Lord Burg-herjh, 'Lord Robert Bertie, Lord John Cavendish, Lord Mountfiuart, Lord AUen, Lord George Cavendish, Mr.

Huffey^Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Mr. Dempster, Mr Fuller,

Mr. Prescott, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Jackson,

Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Archer, Mr. Way, Mr. DeGrey, Mr.

Barrow, Mr. Harris, Mr. HuJIce, Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Whately; and all the Members who

serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, Stafford, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Abingdon, Mayor's Stone in Abingdon, in the County of Berks, through Cumner, to the ancient Horse Road at Swin-

ford in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morton, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Mr

ner. Sir Jarrit Smith, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Gore,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gray, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Fonnereau, Lord Grey, Mr. Grey, Mr. Laf-celles, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Robert LadbrokMr. Huffey,

Mr Fuller, Mr. Prescott, Mr Morant, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Dc Grey, Mr. Vane, Mr. Befl, Mr Onslow, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Bootle, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Amcottsj and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Oxford, Southampton, Wilts, and Bucks, And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. PecheU, and Mr. Sir William RcaMcAampProffwr reported from the Com- ,

Montagu: mittee, to whom the Bill to continue and render more Shoreditch

Mr. Speaker, effectual several Acts passed, for repairing the Road to Enfield

Birmingham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act leading from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leo-

Caul. for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, nard, Shoreditch, in the County of to the fur-

from Birmingham to Bilflon, and from thence to Anther-thermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of

ley, there to communicate with the Canal now making Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of

between the Rivers Severn and Trent, and for making Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford, and for amending

collateral Cuts up to several Coal Mines, without any the Road from the Watch House in Edmonton, to the

Amendment: And also. Marketplace in was committed; and to whom

Hotham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act inclosurt. for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,

Meadows, and Pastures, within the Tow nlhipof Hotham, in the East Riding of the County of York, without any . Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

_. . Mr. Fitzherbert presented to the House according to

Paving. Order, a Bill, for felling Part of a Green, calledAWs Green, in the Borough of Derby, in the County of and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Improv ement of the remaining Part of the said Green, and for other Purpoi'es therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refotced, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Monien A-n ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the fe-Inclosure. . veral Commons, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor of Morden, in the County of Dorset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Com-.mons. Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor of Morden, in the County of Dorset,

16

the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Freeholders, Farmers, and others, residing in and near Homfey, Tottenham, and others Parishes and Places adjacent thereto, i n the County ofand also, the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Pa-rith of Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, in behalf of themselves and others Inhabitants of the said Parish; were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and thatthe Committee had gone through the Bill, andmade several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. \

Mr. Lascelles, reported from the Committee, to whom

the Jndoiin.

8 Geo. III. 8 ° Februarii.587

the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Stinted Pastures, within the Township of Litton, in the Parish of Arncliffe, in the County of York, was re-committed. That the Committee had made One other Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place { and v afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingnsfied.

Monopoly Sir Charles Kemys reported from the Com"

of mittee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Gra-

Cattle. ziers, and others, Feeders of Cattle, of t he Pattern Part

of the County of Somerset, at a numerous Meeting, held at Yeovill,in the said County, the 8th Day of January 1763; and all’o, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Graziers, and others, Feeders of Cattle, in the County of Dorset, at a very numerous Meeting held at Sturminfer Newton CtijUe,in the said County, the Thirteenth Day of January x 7 68; and also, the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, assembled at their General Quarter Session for the County of Somerset, and of the Gentlemen of the Grand Inquest, and of other Gentlemen, Clergy, arul Freeholders of the said County; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Sir Abraham. Elton, Baronet, being examined, said, That he acts as a Ji’tMce of the Peace for the County of Somerset: That he has had frequent Complaints from Graziers of the illegal Practices made use of by Jobbers of Cattle, but could give no Remedy, as the Law requires Two M Unifies to prove the Offence, which isalmost impossible to he procured, as the Trans-action is only between the Buyer and Seller:

That the Justices at the General Quarter Sessions complain of this Grievance, and of the Impracticability of bringing Offenders to Juliiceas the Law now Hands; and that he thinks the only effectual Check to the illegal Jobbing of Cattle would be, that any One J office should have a Power, where there is a sufficient Cause to suspect a Breach of the Law, to bind the sup-pofedOffenders to the Sessions, where the Onus should lie upon the Person accused: That if this Practice w as suppressed, it would be beneficial to the Counties near London, as the frequent shifting of Cattle, from

Hand to 1 land, for Half a Crown Profit, is the reason they are never fed properly.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolvei i, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the illegal Practices of Drovers, Jobbers, and Per Ions, buying and selling again of Live Cattle, tend greatly to enhance the Price of Meat Provisions.

Rfihed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the present Laws li>r reltraining such Practices are insufficient and ineffectual, for want of a more easy Method of convicting Offenders.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

The House being informed, that Mr. For refer from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Acouhts; An Account of the Quantity of Low Wines and V mci and Spirits diffiiled in the whole Kingdom, from Spirits. 1764 to Midsummer 1767; distinguiiliing each Year, and the Materials from which the said Low Wines and Spirits were difiilled: And also,

Vol. 31.

An Account of the Number of Gallons of Foreign Brandy, Rum, and Strong Waters {Separately, together with the Amount thereof in Money, that have been seized and fold, from Midsummer 1764 to Midsummer 1767, at the several Excise Office Sales in England and Wales-, distinguiiliing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Brandy, and Foreign Rum, with the Overproof on each, that has been imported, from Midsummer 1764 to Midsummer 1767; distinguiiliing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were tead.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. PecheU and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An East India Act for further regulating the Proceedings of the Comp»nv’» United Company of Merchants of England trading t« DlTK,end*-the East Indies, with respect to the making of Dividends, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do make the Report from Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to

His Majesty.

Mr. Cooper accordingly, reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Ten thousand Five hundred Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of the Addrenes of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Ninety-two thousand Four hundred and Eighty-four Pounds Four Shillings and Five Pence, and Three Eighth Parts of a Penny, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1767.

Resolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-eight thousand Four hundred Thirty-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum issued thereout to discharge, for One Year and a Quarter, ended the 25th Day of December 1767, the Annuities after the Raite of

Four Pounds per Centum, attending the Remainder of the Joint Stock, established by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, which hath been redeemed in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and the Charges of Management during the said Term of the Annuities, payable by virtue of the said Act, made in the Third Vear of His present Majesty’s Reign.

Resolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sura issued thereout to discharge, from the 10th Day of October 1767 to the 5th Day ol January following, the Annuities attend-

ing such Part of the Joint Stock, established by an Act made in the Third Year of His present Majesty. for granting several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cider and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities,

and

o

58*

8° Februarii.

A. 1768.

and Lotteries to be charged on the said Duties; as hath Port of on behalf of themselves, and more

been redeemed in pursuance of an Act made in the last particularly of those concerned in the Whale Fiftiery session of Parliament. to Davis's and the Seas adjacent;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and also, the Petition of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, That such Part of the Capital Stock of Annuities, after met at Edinburgh, the 17th Day of December 1767; the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum, established by an and also, the Petition of several Merchants, His Ma-Act, made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, jesty’s British Subjects, concerned in the Whale Fishery.

*- *af ~ ' , T ' r " ’ on behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said Fishery; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of Fast contained in the Firit and Third-mentioned Petitions (no Perlbu appearing before the Committee in support of the Second-mentioned Petition;) and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Fasts contained in the First and Third-mentioned Petitions, is as follows:

An Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing several Acts of Parliament, made for the Encouragement of the Whale

intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cider and Perry; and for raising the sura of Three millions Five hundred thousand Ponnds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; as shall remain after the Fifth Day of July next, be redeemed and paid off in Manner following; that is to say, One Half of such remaining Part of the said Capital Stock of Annuities on the Tenth Day of October next, and the other Half, being the Residue of such Capital Stock, on the 5th Day of January 1769, after discharging the intereli due on each of the said Days, upon the respective Parts of the said Capital Stock, which is then to be redeemed and paid off.

Resolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee, Fishery cariedon by His Majesty’s Subjects, was read. That a Sum, not exceeding One million Seven hundred which, after reciting the several Acts made for the En-and Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, couragement of His Majesty’s Subjects to carry on the to enable His Majesty to redeem, and pay off,' such Whale Fishery, which by the Bounties given, dtd, till ♦ematning Parts of the said Capital Stock of Annuities, checked by the late War, greatly mcrease, to t he great The said Refoiutions being severally read a Second Advantage of the Trade and N avigation of these king-

exemption of certain Annuities.

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do forthwith give Notice that such Part of the Capital Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum, established by an

doms, the said Acts, and the Bounty of 40s. a Ton thereby granted, were further continued to the 25th Day of December 1767, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

And by the Evidence of Mr. Henry Bird, it appeared to your Committee, That before the Bounty of Forty Act, made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, Shillings per Ton was granted, not above 3 or Ships intituled, An Act for granting to H is Majesty several were annually fitted out for the Whale Fishery, and since additional Duties upon Wines imported into this King- that, Sixty-seven Ships were fitted out from England doni, and certainDuties upon all Cider and Perry; and only, in the Year 1756; but that in that Year, the War for raising the Sum of Three millions Five hundred breaking out greatly checked that Trade, thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, That the Bounty expired in the Year 1764, and being to be charged on the said Duties; as shall remain after only renewed for Three Years, and to the End of the the Fifth Day of July next, will be redeemed, and paid then next Session of Parliament, the Number of Ships, off, in Manner following; that is to say, One Half of did not increase in that Proportion as before the War, jiich remaining Part of the said Capital Stock of Annul- as the Time given was not sufficient to encourage fresh ties oft the Tenth Day of October next, and the other Adventurers to embark in this Trade.

Half, being the Residue of such Capital Stock, on the That the Charge of fitting out Ships is much greater Fifth Day of January 1769, after discharging the Interest for this Trade than for any other, as the Ships are par-due on each of the said Days, upon the respective Parts tioularlv constructed, and were they to go into any other of the said Capital Stock, which is then to be redeemed. Trade, there would be a Lois of £-75 Cent, on

and paid off, agreeable to the Clauses and Powers of Redemption contained in the said Act.

The House being informed, that Mr. Tomhjns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Account*; An Account of the Quantity of Whale Fins imported

Thale Fin*, from Hoiland into England, from 176510

Mickaelmas 1 767, which is as far as the same can be madeup at present; distinguishing each Year: And also, An Account of the Quantity of Whale Fins and Oil imported into England from America, from Christmas

every Ship, as the fiftiing Materials being the most considerable Part of the Expence, would be almost entirely thrown away; and consequently it would not be worth while to build Ships for this Service, upon a Bounty that was to continue for so short a Term as Three Years.

That the Wages of Seamen employed in these Ships before the War, was from Twenty-four Shillings to Twenty-six Shillings per Month, and in the War it was Forty Shillings per Month, and there are Fifty Men and upwards employed in each Ship, and they are obliged to carry an Apprentice for every 50 Tons Burthen; and that in the Year 1756, he believes there were near 4000

ifau, Mkhadmas 1767, which is as far as the same Stamen employed on this Fishery from rank made up at present; distinguishing each Year: at ‘^Owners of thefeShipsrannot afford acomplete And also r r Crew of Sailors, and consequently every Year hire about

One Third Land-Men, who, in the Course of One or

Wale

Fishery,

And also,

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, exported from, or imported into, England, from Chri/hna s 1761 to Christmas 1766, which is as far as the same can be made up; distinguiiliing each Year and each Place.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

1 he said Accounts are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Pennant reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Tradesmen of the

Two Voyages become Seamen, and never leave the Sea after, which makes it a great Nursery for Seamen; and that they are allowed to be, by all Nations, the hardiest Race of Seamen:

And the Witness informed your Committee, That the Number of Ships fitted out for this Trade, are as follow:

from England. from Scotland.

In 1763

1764

1765

1766

30

33

- - 25 from London only.

And

8 Geo. III. 8 6 Februar589

And he further said. That if the Bounty is renewed there would be ioo Ships in a Year or two fitted out from London only, if the Peace continues; and that there will not be a Angle Ship fitted out, if the Bounty is not continued.

That the Sailors employed in this Trade may always be depended on for a certainty, in case of any sudden Kupture in Europe, as the Ships constantly fail the latter End of March or beginning of and return in

Aug'Jt.

That we formerly purchased the Utensils for this Fishery from Foreigners, which are now made at home, and are better than the Dutch can make them, and are a very considerable Branch of Trade at Birmingham and Whitby, and many Manufacturers are employed in making Harpoons, Knives, and Lances, and other Materials; and that the Value of the Fishing Materials amount to about £. 500 upon each Ship.

Mr. James Mather, being examined, said. That the Ships employed in this Trade increased from the Year 1750 (when the 40.s', per Ton Bounty was granted) to 1756 to the Number of 67; and at that Time the War breaking out, they were taken into the Service of the Government as Transports, and the great Advance of Seamens Wages was the reason they did not increase after that Time: That the Expence of fitting out Ships for this Trade is so great, that it is not worth while for Adventurers to engage upon a Bounty which is to continue for Three Years only:

That it has increased in some degree, even though the Bounty was for so thort aTerm, for that the Number of Ships fitted out for this Trade in 1766, was 35 from England and Nine from Scotland; and in 1767 Thirty-five from England and Twelve from Scotland:

That if the Bounty is continued for Seven Years, he believes 150 Sail of Ships will be fitted out fro Britain , that lie has sent Four Ships, and if the Bounty is continued, he will fend Six: That there are 200 Sail of large Ships laid up for want of Employment: That if the Bounty is not continued, the Witness intends to fit out his Ships in Holland, as they may be fitted out at a much cheaper Rate there than in England, as the Duties in Holland upon every Thing used on Board the Greenland Ships are remitted, which is almost equal to our Bounty:

That the Price of Greenland Bone would be, from £. 550 to £. 600 ptrTon, if there were not any Ships sent from this Country; that the Witness fold Four Tons of that Bone lately for 410 per Ton, and t hat the Greenland Bone is of a better Quality than Bone, as it will fell from £. 70 to £. 80 per Ton more:

That if a Ship was to return unsuccessful, though the Owners received the Bounty, they would lose from £. 700 to £. 1,000 a Ship; and if the Bounty was continued for Seven Years longer their would be more Greenland Bone imported; and they should be able to supply the Foreign Market.

Mr. George Campbell, being examined, said. That in the Year 1750, One Ship was fitted out from Liverpool, and in 1756 Two Ships, and since the Peace have increased to Six Ships: That if the Bounty had been renewed from 1764, for Seven Years, he believes, they should have fitted out Twenty Ships: That the Owners are obliged to register the Men, and to take an Apprentice for every Fifty Tons Burthen of the Ship; and that the men used in this Fishery are allowed to be the hardiest of Seamen; and he apprehends that about Twenty new Seamen are made in every Ship upon a Voyage to Greenland: That the Ships always carry more men than they are required by the Act; but that the Officers of the Customs never will muster more than the Act requires: That the Duties paid to the Government for the Materials of a Ship amount to £.150: That the Wages for the Seamen is from $s. to 1 ox. per Month more than in other Trades; V91. 31.

and that if the Bounty is not continued many of the Men employed in this Trade will go into the Dutch Greenland Fill very.

Mr. Samuel Enderby, being examined, said, That he believes, about Six thousand ions of Oil, One thousand of which is imported from Greenland, is annually consumed in this Kingdom: That the First Coll of a Ton of American Oil is about £. 15, and the Charges of bringing it from thence, is about 6 j and if no Oil was to be imported from Greenland he apprehends there would be an Advance of about £. 3 per Ton in the Price.

Mr. Jonathan Delver, a Whalebone Cutter, being examined, said. That the Manufacturers of Whalebone give the Preference to Greenland Bone: That the American Bone is of a large coarse Nature, and is more brittle, and liable to break: That if there is not any Greenland Bone brought here, he should import it from Holland, notwithstanding the re is a Duty of £. 84 per 1'on, and the American Bone is only charged with the old Subsidy, or Twenty-five Shillings per Ton: That all the Bone brought from Greenland is consumed: That 100 Tons of all Sorts of Bone are annually consumed; that the Price of Greenland Bone, is, on an Average, about £. 400 per Ton; and if there is no Bone brought from thence, it may rife £. 100 Ton, and mull be supplied by Foreigners: That there was not any Necessity to import any Greenland Bone from Holland in the Years 1765 and 1766, as the British had a successful Fishefy in Greenland.

Captain Hood informed your Committee, That the Greenland Ships fend more Men than are required by the Act, of which no Account is kept at the Custom House: And that if a Ship returned unsuccessful, though the Bounty was received, there would be a Lose to the Owners of £. 700, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table,

Ordered, That J. Wilkie, Printer of the London Chronicle, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Person who keeps the Admiralty Coffee House, at Charing Cross, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That the several Orders of the Day, for the Attendance of Charles Say, Printer of the Gazetteer and New Daily Advertiser, and the Person who keeps Baker's Coffee House, in Exchange Alley, be novrread.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Charles Say do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Person who keeps Baker's Coffee House, in Exchange Alley, do attend this House at the same Time.

The Lord North presented to the House by His Majesty’s Command,

An Account of the Sums received from the Troops serving in North America, for Provisions delivered to them; also of the Sums charged on the Pay of the Forces serving at Minorca, the Floridas, and in Africa; which have not been before specified in any Account or Lift laid before Parliament: And also.

Account of the Amount of the Balance of the 12 in the Pound Deduction from the Pay of the Out -Pensioners of Chelsea Hof pit al, from 25 th June 1757 to 4th December 1767: And also.

Account of Monies remaining in the Hands of the Earl of Kinnoul, and the Executors of the late Earl of Darlington and the late Thomas Potter, Esquire, being Part of the Balances of the said Earls of Darlington and Kinnoul, and Thomas Potter, Esquire, as Paymasters General of His Majesty’s Forces.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth;

7 L An

Privilege.

Ditto.

Accounts; Army.

59° 8° Februa A. 1768.

A* ACCOUNT of the Sums received from the Troops serving in North America, for Provisions delivered to them} also of the Sums charged on the Pay of the Forces serving at Minorca, the and in Africa;

which have not been before specified in any other Account or-Lift laid before Parliament.

Right honbl* Lord Holland, late Paymaster Gen'.

Charged upon the Pay of the Regiments serving at Minorca, for Beef delivered to them between 25th Decemr 1764 and June 1765 - £.1,679 12 —

Charged upon the Pay of the Regim" serving in the Floridas, for Provisions delivered to them for said Time - - - -2,11368

Right honbI. Cha> Townshend, Esq’, deceased, late Paymaster General.

Received by the Deputy Paymasters in America for Provisions delivered to the Regim'* serving the re, between 25th June 1765 and 24th June. 1766 - - - 13,972 18 8-^'

Charged upon the Pay of the Regim'* serving at Minorca, for Beef delivered

to them for ftiid Time - - - - 3,127 3 —

Charged upon the Pay of the Regim" serving in the Floridas, for Provisions

delivered to them for said Time - 4,869 8 1

Charged upon the Pay of the 3 Independent Companies serving in Africa, for Wine delivered to them between 19th 1766 and 24th

following *..... 94 4 4|

c

s. d.

3,792 18 8

22,063 14 *1

Right honw, Lord North and George Cooke, Esq*, late Paymaster Gen1.

Received by the Deputy Paymasters in America, for Provisions delivered to the Forces there between 25th June 1 766 and 24th June 1767 - 14>591 *3 8

Charged upon the Pay of the Regiments serving at Minorca, for Beef, delivered to them between 25th June 1766 and 24th Oclor following - - 970 6 6

Received by the Deputy Paymaster at Minorca, for Beef delivered to the

Forces there, between 25th Oclr 1766 and 24th June 1767 - 1,982 15 i£

Charged upon the Pay of the Regim" serving in the Floridas, for Beef, delivered to them between 25th June 1766 and 24th Dec'following - - 2,192 3 9 Charged upon the Pay of Lieut. Col1 O’Hara’s Corps serving in Africa, for

Wine delivered to them for said Time ----- 257 6 io|

----- *9’994 5 11

Pay-Office, Horse Guards, -

5th February 1768. £ 45>®5° *8 8$

In° Pmoell, Accomptant.

tSSSSSm^SSSESSSSiimiimm^m BSCSSSS

ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Balance of the 12 in the Pound Deduction from the Pay of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, from 25th June 1757 to 4th Dec. 1767.

£. *. d.

Lord Holand, Paymaster General, from 25th June 1757 to 24th June 1765 - 11,926 16 uj

Right honbl* Chas Toioifhend, Paymr Gen’, from 25th June 1765 to 24th June 1766 - 3,186 t.t 5

LordN(PrtAandG«irgeC(wAe, Esq, PaymasterGeneral,from25thJt/nei766to4thZ)ec. 1767 5,394 7 6£

£.20,507 18 ijA

In° Powell, Accomptant.

Pay-Office, Horse Guards, 6 Febry. 1768.

8 Geo. Ill

8’ — 90 Feiruarii. 59!

ACCOUNT of Monies remaining in the Hands of the Earl of Kinnoul, and the Executors of the late Earl of Darlington and the late Thomas Potter, Esquire, being Part of the Balances of the said Earls of Darlington and Kinnoul, and Thomas Potter, Esquire, as Paymasters General of His Majesty’s Forces.

Monies remaining in the Hands of the Earl of Kinnoul, and the Executors of the late Earl of Darlington

and the late Thomas Potter, Esquire, being Part of the Balances of the said Earls of Darlington and Kinnoul, and Thomas Potter, Esquire, as Paymasters General of His Majesty’s Forces

£, 40,000

Pay-Office, Horse Guards, 6 Febry. 1768.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Way* and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Mean*, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Surplufes, stated the 5th Day of April 1767; and also, Surplufes stated the 10th Day of October 1767; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce paid into the Exchequer, in the Year ending the 5th Day of July 1767, of the Duties upon Wines, Cider, and Perry, which have been established as a Fund for the Payment of certain Annuities established by an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for granting several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon allCider and Perry; and for raising the Sum of £.3,500,000 by way of Annuities and Lotteries to be charged on the said Duties; distinguishing the Amount of the said Duties upon Wines, and Upon Cider and Perry; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War; which was presented to the House upon the 7th Day of March 1764; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of Accounts of Sales of Lands in the Ceded lllands, transtnitted by the Commissioners for such Sales, the ifi; of July 1765; which was presented to the House upon the 24th Day of March 1766; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Sales of Lands in the lllands of Dominica, Tobago, an Vincent, in 1766;

which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of April 1767; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sale of Lands in the Ceded lllands in 1767, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales, the 18th Day of July 1767, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account Ihewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1767 has been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 2d - - Day of February 1768,'and the Parts remaining un-

satisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Cora-_ mittee.-

Vofc. 31.

John Powell,

Accomptant.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bradshaw took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr: Bradshaw reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to Report, when the House will pltafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bradshaw also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedneslay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Welsh ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Session*. upon the Bill for providing proper Accommodations for His Majesty’s Justices of the Great Sessions in during the Time of holding such Sessions.

And then the^House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 90 dieFebr;

Anno 8* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Ketton several Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds^ Inclosure. Heath, and Commonable Lands in the Parish of Ketton, in the County of Rutland, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do palls: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Heath, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Ketton, in the County of Rutland.

Ordered,


592 90 Februarii. A. 1768.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Burton Joyce An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open iadofure. Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Burton Joyce and Btricoale, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Burton Joyce and Bukoate, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Sir George Saville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hook An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. Common Fields, Marshes, Waste Grounds, Commons, Cars, Pasture, and Moor, within the Manor of Hook, in the Parish of Snaith, in the County of York-, and for maintaining the Banks within the said Manor and Township; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Marshes, Waste Grounds, Commons, Cars, Pasture, and Moor, within the Manor of Hook, in the Pari ill of Snailh, in the County of York-, ami for maintaining the Banks within the said Manor and Township.

Ordered, That Sir George S do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Seend, APetition offeveral Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

and Inhabitants of the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill has been brought in to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, lor repairing the Road leading from the Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts,to the County of Somerset-, and that the Road leading from the Public House called the Carpenter's Arms, in the Parish of Keevil, through Hinton, to the Turnpike Road at the Foot of Ilaghill,in the Parish of Steeple A/hi on-, and also the Road leading from Lane End, in the

Parish of Troxcbridge,to the Entrance of Out Marsh Common-, and also the Road leading from the Turnpike Road atSoutlnvick, over Bridge, to the Turn-

pike Road at or near the Direction or White Poll, on Little Common, in the Parish of North in the County of Wilts-,are in a ruinous Condition, and, in several Parts, narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law; and the Petitioners apprehend, that if a Proportion, or specific Share of the Tolls collected at the Gate at or near Stallards,was to be applied to the Re-

pair of the said lait-mentioned Roads, it would tend to the more effectual repairing, and keeping the same in good and sufficient Repair, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to make a Provisiou in the said Bill for repairing the said Roads: and that a certain proportionable Part of the # Tolls to be collected at the Turnpike at or near Stallards, may be appropriated for that Purpose; or to grant the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackstone, Lord Charles Spencer, Sir James Long, Mr. Sir Thomas Staple-

ton, Mr. Walter, Sir Charles Mr.

Mr. Northey, Mr. Shiff Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Gafeo^ne, Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Colonel,

lb

Lord George Suckville, Lord Clive, Mr. \fr.

Burrell, l-ord Mexborough, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bull, Mr.

Gordon, Mr. Ltgh, M r. Buller, M r. Ilonyivood, Sir John Delaval, Sir Edward Bayntun, Sir Kenrick Clayton, Mr.

Drummond, Mr. Thurlow, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr.

Harris, Mr. Morton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Ewer, Sir Jarrit

Smith, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. ToucheMr. Crofts, Mr.

Alderman Beckford, Mr. Calcruft, Mr. Bajfet, Mr.

Ridley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Devon, SomerJ'et, Berks, Dorset, and South-

amptoii: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bydc presented to the House, according to Or- Lilly ut der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, . °®tv

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the 0

Parishes of Lilley and OJfhy, in the County of Hertford, except a certain Sheep Down, commonly called Lilley Hoo, in the said Parish of Lilley, and certain Lands,

Part of the said Common Fields, lying South East of West Lane End, the Mill House, and Cold's Cross, and North East of the Town of OJfley: And the same was received; and read the First Time. j

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. I

Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to Nonk J Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Lands and Grounds, within the Township of North n Burton, otherwise Burton Flemming, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Bunbury presented to the House, accord- Liken! tab, ing to Order, a Bill for draining and preservingcertain _&.c-Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parishes of Laken- rauup-

heath and Brandon, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom York the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of York, and of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York, was referred.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Robert Lakeland, being examined, said, That he knows the Roads from the City of York, by Wigginton to the Top © f OswaldChurch Bank-, and from Sutton

Field, towards Ouljion, to the Extent of the Lordship of Craike-, which are much out of Repair, and in some Places narrow, and that they cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the Laws in being.

That a large Sum of Money has been laid out upon the said Road, near the City of York, but he does not know how much; and that Part of the Road is now very much out of Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the Road from the City of York to the Top of Oswaldkirk Bank-, and from the said Road,

in Sutton Field, through Craike, towards Ouljion, to the

Extent of the Lordship of Craike, in the County of York:

And that Mr. Lascelles and Mr. Bradjhau- do prepare and bring in; the fame.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, Nomnntw to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Ind#fc» Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures in the Parish of Normanton next Derby, in the County of

Derby, was committed, That the Committee had examined

8 Geo. III. 90 Februarii.

593

mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given the House.

their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mittee; and, that the Committee had gone through the ingrossed.

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which

they bad directed him to report to the House; and he A Message from the Lords, by Mr. PecheU and read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Mr.:

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Mr. Speaker,

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Crickley Hill and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the for continuing and enlarging the Powers of an Act, KcaJ-

Question severally put thereupon. One of them was dif- passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his

agreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House. late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be from the Top of Hill, in the County of

ingrolled. cester, to Frvgg Mill, through the Towns of Northleach,

Burford, and /, and Parishes of Hanborough and

Ashby de la A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open and Bladon, to in the Parish of in

Zouca Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the the County of Oxford; and also the Road from Whitney,

lure* Lordship or Liberty of Ashby de la Zouch, in the County through Cumner, and Botley, to the City of

of Leicester, was read a Second Time. Oxford, except, so much thereof as relates to the Road

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward from Whitney, through Cumner, and Boiley,

Baynlun, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. 7'hurlow, Sir Roger to the City of Oxford; and also for repairing and Newdiga/e, Mr. Cormcall, Sir CharlesMordaunt, Mr. widening the Road from Campsfield to the Turnpike

Blackstone, Sir John MoleJ'worth, Mr. Yorke, Sir Edmund Road at or near Enjloto Bridge, in the said County of Isham, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Flumptrc, Mr. Northey, Mr. Oxford, without any Amendment: And also,

Clive, Lord Strange, Mr. Fuller, Sir Robert Ladbroke, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lemingtoa Mr. Mor ant, Mr. Walter, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common priors Bootle, Mr. Leiois, Mr. L\fceUes, Mr. Be/}, Lord Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, Inclo(ure* Orxcell, Sir JarritSmith, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. on the South and West Parts of the River in the

Dyfon, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Manor and Parirti of Priors, in the County

Conway; and all the Members who serve for the of Warwick, without any Amendment: And also,

Counties of Leicester, Lincoln, Nottingham, Derby, and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Coventry

York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five for rebuilding and enlarging the Common Gaol of the Gaol, of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. City and County of the City of Coventry, and for ap-

pointing a Place for the Custody of Prisoners in the Taylors; A Bill to amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year mean Time, without any Amendment: And also, regulating of King George the First, intituled, An Act for regu- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Millington the Trade, lating the Journey men Taylors within the weekly Bills for dividing and inclosing the Open gnd Common Fields, hiclolure. of Mortality, was read a Second Time. Common Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, within the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Township of Millington, in the County of York, without Ladbroke, Lord Garlies, Sir Edward Bayntun, Sir any Amendment: And also,

William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Burrell, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act BiiiiogWoueii, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bull, Mr. Onfloiv, Sir for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Jarrit Smith, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Fields, Meadows, and CommonFen, within the Parishes Wilbraham, Mr. Northey, Mr. Bindley, the Lord Mayor of Biliingborough and Birthorpe, in the County of of London, Mr. Morant, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir coin; and for draining and improving the said Fen,

Alexander Grant, Mr. Bejt, Sir Roger Newdiga/e, Sir without any Amendment: And also,

John Molefivorth, Sir George Savile, Mr. Blackstone, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Brmlingto* Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Jackson, Sir George Warren, for dividing and inclosing the fevc; al Open Fields, tnclo,ur<* Mi Harris, General A'Court, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fitz-Lands, Grounds, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and

Herbert; and all the Members who serve for the City Wastes, within the Township of Bridlington, in the of London; and for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, East Riding of the County of York, and for extinguish-Surrey, Kent, and Hertford: And they are to meet ing the Right of Common, or Average, upon certain this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's ancient Inclosures within the same Township, without Chamber. any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to Duk« of Navestock Mr. Rigby reported from the Committee, to whom enable the Moll noble John Duke of Bedford and the B^'ord’s Inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Moll honourable Elizabeth Marchioness of Tavistock, ca ng‘ Heath, called N avejtcck Common and Heath, within and the Survivor of them, and such Person or Persons the Manors of Navcjlock and Lofthall,in the County as they, or the Survivor of them, shall, by any Deed or of Essex, w as committed, rl bat the Committee had ex- Writing, or by his or her last Will and Testamentj no-amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same minate or appoint, to make Leases of the real Estates to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given late of the Most honourable Francis Rujfd, called their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Marquis of Tavistock, deceased; to which the Lords Committee; except the Owners of Lands and Estates desire the Concurrence of this House. of the Yearly Value off.zoo, or thereabouts, who are And then the Messengers withdrew, entitled to Right of Common upon the said Common

and Heath; and that the Yearly Value of all the Lands Ordered, That the Order of the Day for receiving Mary le Bone and Estates, entitled to such R ight of Common as afore- the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Streets> &c» said, amounts to f. 1800, or thereabouts; and that no repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the intituled, An Act for the better regulating the nightly Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and they had directed him to report to the House; and he paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and re-the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: guiating the Poor within the Parirti of Saint Mary le

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; Bone, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Maintenance of the Poor, regulating the nightly Watch Vol. 31. 7 M and

594

9° Februarii A. 1768.

and Beadles, cleansing, enlightening, arid paving, the jesty, and several subsequent Acts, arid subject to Re-Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and re- demption by Parliament; that every Contributor topairing the Highways and Causeways within the said wards the said Sum of One million Three hundred Parish, was committed; be now read. thousand Pounds shall, in respect of every Sixty-five

And the said Order being read accordingly; t Pounds agreed by him to be contributed for railing

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor reported from the said ' such Sum; be entitled to receive Three Tickets in the Committee, That the Committee had heard Counsel said Lottery, upon Payment of Ten Pounds for each upon the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants, Ticket; and that every Contributor shall, on or before Gentlemen, and Tradesmen,of the Parish of SainlM ary the i8thDay of this In Rant February, makeaDepofit le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, in Behalf of them- with the Cashiers of the Bank of England of Fifteen selves, and many others. Inhabitants within the said Pounds per Centum, in Part of the Monies so to be con-Parish; and had also heard Counsel in Support of the tributed towards the said Sum of One million Three, laid Bill, against the said Petition; and that the Com- hundred thousand Pounds; and also a Deposit of Five mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Pounds per Centum, in Part of the Monies so to bJ found the same to be true; and that the Committee contributed in respect of the said Lottery, as a Security had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- for making the respective future Payments to the said ments thereunto; which they had directed him to Cashiers on or before the Times herein after limited; report to the House; and he read the Report in his that is to say.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the On the 1,300*000,'

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table. Ten Pounds per Cent, on or before the 19H1 Day of

And the House being informed that no Counsel at- next; 'Fen Pounds per Cent, on or belbre the 7th

tended to be heard upon the Report of the said Bill; Day o next; Fifteen Pounds per Cent, on or before The said Report was read. the 19th Day of July next; Fifteen Pounds per Cent.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to on or before the 20th Day of Augitjl next; Fifteen

the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, Pounds per Cent, on or before the 21 ft Day of October

upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several next; Twenty Pounds Cent. on or belbre the 25th Amendments to Ohe of them, agreed to by the House; Day of November -next. -and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill. On the Lottery, for £.600,000,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Twenty-five Pounds per Cent, on or before the 17th ingrossed. Day of May next; Thirty Pounds per Cent, on or

before the 28th Day of next; Forty Pounds per Buckland Mr. Skiffner reported from the Committee, to whom Cent, on or before the 8th Day of;

Dinham the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from And that all the Monies so received by the said Cashiers,

®,oa * Buckland Dinham, in the County of Somerset, through be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer,

Clandown, to the End of the Parish of Tinjbuiy, leading to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services

towards Bristol; and from the White Pojt, in the Parish as shall then have been voted by this House, in this

of Midsummer Norton,through Falkland, to the End Session of Parliament; and that every Contributor, who

of the Parish of Norton Saint Philips, leading to the shall pay in the whole of his Contribution towards the Parish of FarleighCajlle, in the said County, was re- said Sum of One million Three hundred thousand committed; That the Committee had made One other Pounds, at any Time on or before the 17th Day of Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him October next, or towards the said Lottery on or before-to report to the House; and he read the Report in his the 25th Day of June next, shall be allowed an Intend, Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the by way of Discount, after the Rate of Three Pounds Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the per Centum per Annum, on the Sums so completing his Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Contribution respectivt-ly, to be computed from the Day-Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question of completing the fame, to the 25th Day of severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. next, in respect of the Sum paid on account of the said.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be One million Three hundred thousand Pounds; and to ingrossed. the 8th Day o next, in respect of the Sum

paid on Account of the said Lottery.

Ways Mr. Bradjliazv, according to Order, reported from That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

and Mean*, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was That, from and after the 5th Day of April next, the referred to confidier further of Ways and Means for Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum, raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refolu- attending the Remainder of the Capital Stock, citations which the Committee had directed him to report blished by an Act made in the Third Year of His Mato the House; which he read in Iris Place; and after- jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported same were read; and are as followeth; idz. into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cider

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three million* That, towards the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities Sum of One million Nine hundred thousand Pounds be and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties, be raised in Manner following; that is to say, the Sum of charged upon, and made payable out of, the Surplules, One million Three hundred thousand Pounds by An- ExcelTes, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, nuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, to composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, commence from the 5th Day of January last, and the until the Redemption of the said Capital Stock, which Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds by a Lottery, to is to be completed on the 5th Day of 1769.

coniiftof Sixty thousandTickets, the Whole of such Sum Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

to be divided into Prizes, which are to be attended with That the Duties, Revenues, and Incomes, which now the like Three Pounds per Cent. Annuities, to com- Hand appropriated to the Payment of the said Annuities, mence from the 5th of January 1769; and that all the be continued, and be, from and after the said 5th Day said Annuities be transferable at the Bank of England, of April, carried to, and made Part of, the said Fund, paid Half-yearly, on the 5th Day of July and the 5th commonly called the Sinking Fund, towards making Day of January in every Year, out of the Sinking Fund, good the Payment of the said Annuities, and <»f the An-and added to, and made Part of, the Joint Stock of nuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, in* Three Pounds perCent.Annuities, which were consoli- tended to be granted in respect of the said One million dated at the Bank of England,by certain Acts made in Nine hundred thousand Pounds, the 25th auu 28th Years of the Reign of his late Ma- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

18 . That,

Supplj.

8 Geo. III. 90 Febirudn 595

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds be raised, by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and fitch Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1769, to be exchanged, and received in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged ami received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to llis Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Two millions Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as shall or may arise of the Surplufes, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, compoiing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, after the 2d Day of February 1768, and on or before the 5th Day of 1769, of the Produce of all or any of the Duties and Revenues, which, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, have been directed to be referred for the Dilposition of Parliament, towards defraying the necessary Expences of defending, protecting and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America, be applied towards making good such Part of the Supply as hath been granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and for Provisions for the Forces America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the Ceded Islands, for the Year 1768.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such of the Monies, as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, after the ?.d Day of February 1768, and on or before the 5th Day of 1769, of the Produce of the Duties charged, by an Act of Parliament made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, which is to be paid within the present Year, into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East , in pursuance of an A tit made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing an Agreement for the Payment of the Annual Sum of Four hundred thousand pounds, for a limited Time, by the East India Company, in respect of the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Ma-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1768, be. defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1768.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved. That the First of the Resolutions, which, upon Tuefddy the 15th Day of'December Jaft, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That One Third Part of the Capital Stock " of Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per " Centum, established by an Act, made in the Third " Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for V01. 31.

" granting to His Majesty several additional Duties " upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain " Duties upon all Cider and Perry; and for railing " the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand " Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be " charged on the said Duties; which thall remain after " the Fifth Day of January next, be redeemed, and paid

" off on the Fifth Day of July next, after difelutrging l< the Interest then payable in respect of the fame."

The House was also moved, that the Fifth of the Re-folulions which were Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, such Part of the Capital Stock of " Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds/?<?/ CVwtam,

" established by an Act, made in the Third Year of " His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting " to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines " imported into thisKingdom, and certain Duties upon " all Cider and Perry; and for raising the Sum of " Three millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by " way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the " said Duties; as shall remain after the Fifth Day of " July next, be redeemed, and paid off, in Manner " following; that is to say. One half of such remaining Part of the said Capital Stock of Annuities, On the " Tenth Day of October next, and the other Half, being " the Residue of such Capital Stock, on the 5th Day " of January 1769, after discharging the Interest due " on each of the said Days, upon the respective Parts " of the said Capital Stock, which is then to be " redeemed and paid off."

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills be brought in, upotl the said Resolutions, and also upon the Resolutions this day reported from the Committee of the whole House* to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Brad/haw, the Lord North, Mr. O/Jluw, Mr.

Pryfe Campbell, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Paterson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Philip Ward, John Treacher, Thomas

Wife, J> hn Nicholes, Sir Thomas Monday, John Phillips, Ij'aac Lawrance, Richard TaicThomas Robinson, and

John Brown, was p refut'd to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are now Prisoners in His Majesty’s Goal of Newgate, by virtue of an Order of the House, lor an high and flagrant Breach of tl»e Privilege of the House, tending to subvert the Freedom and Independence of Parliament, by subscribing and fending to the honourable Robert Lee, and Sir Thomas Stapleton, Baronet, the Two Members for the City 61 Oxford, a Letter, dated from thence the 12th of May 1766; and that the Petitioners are truly fe.rfible of the Enormity of their Offence, and unfei.gnedly sorry fdr the fame; and beg Leave most humbly to represent to the House, that the Continuance of their Confinement will be of theutmost ill Coul’equence to themselves and their respective Families; and that fume of the Petitioners Lives will be imminently endangered thereby; the Petitioners Thomas Wife, John Nicholes, Sir Thomas Munday, and John Phillips, being in a very bad Slate of Health; and the rest of the Petitioners are engaged in very extensive Business, which mult be greatly neglected, or totally-flopped, by their Absence: And therefore praying the House to take their unhappy Circumstances into Consideration, and give Orders that they may be released from their Confinement.

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be brought to the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning, in order to their being discharged: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrauts accordingly

Ordered,

Privilege

(Oxluro).

596

Army, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

*"t' upon the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act,

made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, for disbanding the Army, and other necessary Occasions, as relates to the Number of Troops to be kept upon the Irish Establishment, be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for providing proper Accommodations for His Majesty’s Justices of the Great Sessions in Wales, during the Time of holding such Sessions, be now read.

And tl»e said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterjon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.Paterfonreported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrowt Morning.

Privilege. Ordered, That the several Orders of the Day, for the Attendance of Charles Say, and the Person who keeps Baker's Coffee House, in Exchange Alley, be now read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

The said Charles Say was called in; and an Advertisement in the printed News Paper, intituled, " The Gazetteer and Neio Daily Advert if a-, Thursday,

ruary 4 1768, printed for Charles Say, in Newgate Street," being shewn to him at the Bar, he said, that Hubert Withy, a Stock Broker in Exchange Alley, delivered a written Copy of the said Advertisement., the Day before, to Hugh Jones, Clerk to the said Charles Say, and desired it might be inserted in the said News Paper.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Then Samuel Pumey, who keeps Baker's Coffee House, in Exchange Alley, was called in to the Bar; and, being shewn the said Advertisement, said that the said Robert Withy gave him Orders to fend the Letters which should come to his House, in consequence of the fam Advertisement, to him the said Robert; and that he delivered to the said Robert Withy several such Letters accordingly.

And then he ^'as directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That j\5r. Robert Withy do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next, and bring with him the Letters which he received in Consequence of an Advertisement published in The Gazetteer and New Daily Advertiser of Thursday lait, directing to inquire for C. Z>. at Baker’s Coffee House, in Exchange Alley.

Ordered, That the said Samuel Pumey do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That the said Hugh Jones do attend this . House at the same Time.

Ditto. Ordered, That the several Orders of the Day, for the

Attendance of J. Wilkie, and the Person who keeps the Admiralty Coffee House, at Charing Cross, be now read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

The said J. Wilkie was called in; and an Advertisement in the printed News Paper, intituled, "The - don Chronicle, from Saturday December 26 to Tuesday *5

A. 1768.

" December 29 1767, sold by J. Wilkie," being shewn to him at the Bar; he said, that the Advertisement was taken in by William Taylor, his Clerk, in his Absence, and printed by John Whitworth, his Servant; and he delivered in a Paper, which, he said, was the original Advertisement; and declared he did not know who brought it; but that he had a Book, in which were contained Copies of Advertisements or Memorandums inserted in his said News Paper.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Then Maximilian Slaincir, who keeps the Amiralty Coffee House at Charing Cross, was called in; and the said Advertisement, printed in The London Chronicle, which di rest ed that Letters sent in Consequence of the Advertisement might be left for J. S. at the Admiralty Coffee House, being shewn to him at the Bar, he informed the House, that his Wife keeps the Bar of the Coffee House; and that he does not know any thing of the said Direction, nor whether any Letters had come to j

his House in consequence of the said Advertisement,

nor whether any Person had inquired for such Letters.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Then the said J. Wilkie was again called in, and further examined.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said J. Wilkie do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next, and bring with ]

him the Book in which are contained Copies or Memo* randums of Advertisements inserted in the said News;

Paper, intituled. The London Chronicle.

Ordered, That the said William Taylor do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That the said John Whitworth do attend

this House at the same Time. j

Ordered, That Elizabeth Slaincir do attend this House at the same Time.


The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the BmotA 1 whole House, upon the ingrossed BiH from the Lords, h‘,att j intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas,

Brooke, DoCtor in Physic, with Harriet Nellhorpe, his 1

now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for j

other Purposes therein mentioned. '

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had examined W itnesses, and heard Cou nfel for the said Bill; and that no Coufifel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the 1

fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

1

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 10° die Februarii;

Anno 8* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

t j

MR. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the rfllH^inr. . Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, for disbanding the Army and other necessary Occasions, as relates to the Number of Troops to be kept upon the Irish Establishment, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which '

they j

90 — 10° Februarii

<﻿i

N


Welsh

SeiHons.

Cminfry

Brewers*

8 Geo. III. t o° Februarii.

they bad direeled him to report to the House; and he redd the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill wit h the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; mid then a Secohd Time, One by One; and, upon the Questibti severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House'.'

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in cto tied.

' Mr. Paterfm, according to Order, reported from the Committee "of the whole House, to whom the Bill for providing proper Accomodations for His Majesty's Justices of the Great Sessions in , during the

Time of holding such Sessions, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, inat the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quoit:on severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

Mr.Onslow, of Guildford, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Common Brewers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the Counties of Middlesex, Pfex, Sun and Kent, on behalf

of themselves and all other the Common Brewers redding out of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and also, the Petition of the Common Brew ers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, reiidingin the County of Oxford,on behalf of themselves and all, other the Common Brewers residing out of the Limits of the Weekly' Bills of Mortality; and also, the Petition of the Common Brewers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the County of Hertford, on behalf of themselves and all Otter the Common Brewers residing Out of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and also, the Petition of the Common Brewers, whoseNames are thereUnto subscribed, residing in the County folk, cm behalf of themselves and all other the Common Brewers residing but of the Limits of the Weekly Bills t>f Mortality; and also, the Petition of the Common Brewers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, relicting in the County of Berks, on behalf of themselves and-all other the Common Brewers residing out of the Limits *of the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and also, the Pe'titidii-' of the Common Brewers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the County of -

land,oli'behalf of themselves and all other the Common Brewers; residing out of the limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and also, the Petition of the Common BrewerswliofeNamesare thereunto subscribed, residing 'in the County of Durham,on behalf of themselves and all other the Common Brewers residing out of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and also, the Petition of the Common Brewers, whose N ames are thereu nto subscribed, residing in the County and City of York, on behalf of themselves and all other the Common Brewers residing out of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and also, the Petition of the Common Brewers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the County of Gloucester, on behalf of themselves and all

other the Common Brewers redding out of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and also, the Petition of the Common Brewers, whose Names are thereunto fub-fefibed, residing in the County* of Bucks, on behalf of themselves and all other the Common Brewers residing out of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and also the Petition of the Common Brewers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, redding in the CountiesofLef-

ccjfcr and Stafford, on behalf of themselves and all other the Common Brewers residing out of the Limits of the V6 l.31.

Weekly Bills of Mortality; and also, the Petition of the Common Brewers, whose Names arethereunto subscribed, residing in the County of Dorset, on behalf of themselves and all other the Common Brewers residing out of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and also, the Petition Of the Common Brewers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the County of Nor thunder land, on behalf of themselves and all other the Common Brewers residing out of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and also, the Petition of ther Common Brewers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the County of Northampton, on behalf of themselves, and all other the Common Brewers residing out of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and also, the Petition of the Common Brewers, in the City and County of York, on behalf of themselves and all the Common Brewers residing out of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality; were severally referred That the Committee had examined the Matter of Faff contained in the said Petitions; and had directed hini to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report he taken' into Confides ration after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Philip Ward, Esquire, late Mayor of the City of Ox- Privilege, ford, John Treacher, Thomas Wife, Sir Thomas (Oxford)

John Nicholes, John Phillips, IJ'aac Richard cert"n P*

Taxvnex/, Thomas Robinson, and John Brown, were, ac- landed.*

cording to Order, brought to the Bar; where they, upon their Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker, and were ordered to be discharged, paying their Fees.

The Reprimand was as followeth; viz.

Philip Ward, John Treacher, Sir Thomas Munday, Thomas Wife, John Nicholes, John Phillips, Isaac ranee, Richard Taioney, Thomas Robinson, John Browns

THE Offence of which you have been guilty has justly brought you under the severe Displeasure of thisHouse. A more enormous Crime you could not Well T

commit; since a deeper Wound could not be given to the Constitution itself, than by the open and dangerous Attempt which you have made to subvert the Freedom and Independence of this House.

The Freedom of this House in the Freedom of this -Country, which can continue no longer than while the 1

Voices of the Electors are uninfluenced by any base or venal Motive. For if Abilities and Integrity are no Recommendation to the Electors; if those who bid highest for their Voices are to obtain them from such detestable Considerations; this House, will not be the Reprefen-tatives of the people of Great Britain. Instead of being the Guardians and Protestors of their Liberties, instead of redressing the Grievances of the Subject, This House ’

itself will be the Authors of the worst of Grievances:

They will become the venal Instruments of Power to reduce this happy Nation, the Envy and Admiration Of the World, to the lowed State of Misery and Servitude.

This is the abject Condition to which you have attempted to bring your fellow Subjects.

Many Circumstances concur to aggravate your Offence. The Place of your Residence was a Angular Advantage. You had at all Times the example of one of the most learned and respectable Bodies in Europe before your Eyes. Their Conduct in every Instance, but especially in the Choice of their Representativesdn Parliament, was well worthy your Imitation.

You are Magistrates of a Great City. In such a Station, it was a Duty peculiarly incumbent upon you to watch over the Morals of your Fellow Citizens; to keep yourselves pure from Venality; and to prevent, by your Influence, those under your Government from being tainted by this growing and pestilential Vice. How have 7 N . you

598 10° FebriiariL 1768*

you abused this Trust! You yourfetves liavtS let the in- that to encourage ttie Cominciii Brewers to make Pay* famous Example, of Prol'titution, in the most public ment, they were allowed for Waste, by Pilling and and daring Manner. Leakage, Three Barrels upon every 13 of Strong or

Surely you must have felt some Remorse from the Small Beer, and Two Barrets upon every 22 of Ale. generous Disdain with which your corrupt Offer was re- And it further appeared by another Act, made in the jested by your Representatives. 'They thought, and Pivft Year of Ling William and Queen Mary, that 34 Gal-justly thought, that a Seat in this House, obtained by Ions were to be deemed a Barrel both of Beer and Ale? a free and independent Choice of their Conilituents, whether Strong or Small, and that the Common Brbwers was the highest Honour to which a Subject can aspire; were allowed for Waste, by Filling and leakage, Two and that discharging their Duty, as such Representa- Barrels and a Half both of Beer and Ale upon every 23 tives, was the noblest of Services. Sorry I am to say Barrels, whether Strong or Small, but that the Omnium that these Considerations do not appear to have had Brewers residing within tin? Limits of the Weekly Bills the least Weight with you. of Mortality are excepted out of the laiLmjfcationed Act

However, you have at lad acknowledged your of Parliament; and consequently are charged in the Guilt; and by your Petition Yesterday, you seem con- Manner prescribed by the said first-mentioned Act. feious of the Enormity of your Offence. This House, in It appeared from the Evidence of Mr. Hairy the Terror of its Judgments, always thinks upon Mer- win. That great Quantities of Ale were brewed at the ey; nor do they ever inflitt Punishment but for the Sake Time of passing the above Acts, but that-since the hut of Example, and to prevent others from becoming the additional Duty on Beer, little or none has been brewed:

Objects of their Resentment. And Mr.-Porter, being examined, laid, That

The Ceufure passed upon you will, they hope, have he had never brewed any Ale.

that Effect. You are now the Objects of their Mercy; And Mr. Peter Finch, being examined, said. That

and are brought to the Bar to be discharged. no Ale is now brewed; and all the Liquor brewed by

May you be penetrated with a due Sense of their the Common Brewers, is Beer,

justice and Leuity: May you atone for your pad Of- And all the Witnessbs agreed. That no Malt L.iquor fence, by your constant Endeavours to make a right was sold by any other Measure than 36 Gallons to the Use of the invaluble Privileges' which you enjoy as Elec- Barrel.

tors: Confitler these Privileges as a Sacred Trust reposed From whence it appears, That the Country Brewers

m you, Discharge it with Integrity. pay as much Duty for 34 Gallons of Strong Beer as is

But, before you rile from your pretent Posture, I do, paid in Londonfor 36 Gallons, and are allowed foF , m Obedience to the Commands ol this House, Repri- Waste only 2 Barrels and an Half in 23, whereas the

mahd you. Allowance to the Brewers within the Bills of Mortali-

I am now to acquaint you, that you are discharged, ty, is 3 Barrels in 23. paying your Fees. And it appeared, by the Examination of Mr.

that this Difference amounted to near 7 d. per Barrel.

The Speaker Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That Mr. Speaker be Which was confirmed by Mr. Porter, and William

Speech desired to print the Speech by him made, upon repri- Burton, Esquire, a Commissioner of the Excise. mantling the said Philip Ward, John Treacher, Thomas And it appeared by the Evidence of Mr.

Wife, Sir Thomas Munday, John Nicholes, John Phillips, that the Country Brewer is in a worse Situation than the Isaac Lawrance, Richard Tawney, Thomas Robinson, Ixmdon Brewer; F-irft, by the comparative disadvan-and John Brown. tageous Circumstantes of his Situation, and likewise by

the payiugthe same Duty for a smaller Quantity of Beer; i»ppfy. The other Order of the Day being read; and that if they were put upon the fanfe Footing with

Resolved, That this House will upon Friday, Mom- respect to Duty, the London Brewer would still have the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Advantage from the Circumstances of his Situation. House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His That the Country Brewers cannot fell their Yealt at Majesty. so great a Price as the London Brewers.

And it further appeared by the Evidence of Mr. Por-Brooke’* Ordered, That the Report from the Comm it tec of the ter, That the Country Brewer is obliged to keep a

Divorce, whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the greater Number of Horses, Carriages, and Men; and Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of that the London Brewer, with One Horse less, and One Thomas Brooke, Doctor in Phvlic, with Harriet NcU Man more to One Carriage, can carry out in the same thorpe, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; Day four Times the Quantity the Country Brewer can, ond for other Purposes therein mentioned; was commit- And it appeared by the Evidence of Mr. Peter,

ted; be received Tomorrow Morning. That the Trouble and Expence is greuterto the Country

Brewer than the Brewer, in Servants, Horles,

Country The Ofder made this Day, for taking into Consider- and Drays: That the Country Brewers in general buy weM" ation the Report.which was made from the Committee, their Hops in and that he himself, who lives

to whom the Petition of the Common Brewers, whose 110 Miles from Ijmdon, buys his at that Market; and Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the Coun- that makes a considerable Difference in Carriage, ties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, and Kent, on behalf of And it appeared by the Examination of Mr. Goodwin,

themselves, and all other the Common Brewers, refid- Mr. Porter, and Mr. Finch, That the whole Trade at ingout of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, present is greatly distressed, little or no profit and the several other Petitions mentioned in the said Re- therefrom, occasionedby the high Price of Malt and port, were severally referred, after the House should Hops.

have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, be- And it appeared by the Examination of Mr. Gooding read; win, That the Decrease of the Revenue on Strong Beer,

The House proceeded to take the said Report into by the alteration prayed for in the Petitions, will Consideration. amount to about £ .27,000 a Year.

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth; Which was confirmed by the Evidence of William W*. Burton, and George Lewis Scott, Esquires, Commission-

A State of the Matter of Fact contained in the said ers of the Excise:

Petitions is as tolloweth; viz. And it also appeared by the Evidence of the said

It appeared by an Act of the 12th Year of King Commissioners of the Excise, that when the common Charles the Second, JThat 36 Gallons was to be returned Country Brewers have increased, and the Victualling lor a Barrel of Beer, and 32 for a Barrel of AJe,; and B owers decreased, nevertheless, the c has been an Fn-22 crease

1

boos ie

Ifetaa

Xndolure*

Buckland Din ham Iaciofurt.

8 Geo. HI.

i6° — 11#

599

crease to the Revenue’from Beef in the same Period of Time.

It appears, that if the present Application takes Place, the Country Brewing Victualler will not be induced to buy of the Common Brewer, and cease to brew for bim-frl'f, becrause the Course of his Trade would Hill give him Advantages; for though the Brewing Victualler has no Allowance for Leakage, and pays the same Duty as the Country Common Brewer, yet the Country Brewing Victualler brews on the Spot, fells on the Spot, has no Expence of long Carriage, Servants, Horses, Drays, Lois of Calks, Stavage, Leakage, Pillage, and long Credit, fells by retail Measure, and has therefore a greater Profit, which are Advantages which will still induce him to brew for himself; and though the Country Common Brewer may he relieved by this Application, yet the Country Victualling Brewer and the London Common Brewer will not get less.

And it appeared by the Evidence of Mr.

that the Brewers at present keep a larger Stoek than formerly, as nothing but Beer is brewed', That at the time when Ale was brewed, it was a greater Advantage to the Brewer, as his Returns were quicker, and he gave less Credit; and also by the Evidence of Mr. Porter, who added, That the Expence was much in-creaferl in keeping a Stock of Beer, in the Article of Calks; and it also appeared by the Evidence of Mr. Finch, That the greatest Quantity of Strong Beer sold, was in keeping 12 Months and upwards.

And it appeared by the Evidence of Mr. Goodwin, Mr. Porter, and Mr. Finch, that 36 Gallons, as the Law

requires, is always delivered for a Barrel of Beer; and that there is no fncli Measure used in any Malt Liquor as 32 Gallons to the Barrel ever since the Disuse of Ale.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Rei>ort he re-committed.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

leading to the Parish of Farieigfi Castle-, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title! be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Buckland Dinham,to the End of the Parish of and also the Road from Miilsummer Norton, to the End of the Parilli of Norton Saint Phillips, and also the Road from Tucker's Grave, to the Road leading from Wellow, to a Place known by the Name of the Red Post, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Sliiffherdo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bydepresented to the House,according to Order, Hertford

a Bill for taking down the present Shire House, in the ShireHfrute. Market Place of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, and for building a new one on a more exteufive and commodious Plan, in the Market Place of the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, that the Petition of Thomas Ivory, of the City of Nonvich; and also; the Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Magistrates, and other Principal Inhabitants, of the City and County of Norwich, which were presented to the House upon the 16th Day of January lait, and then ordered to lie upon the Table* might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly J

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayers of the said Petitions: And that Mr. Harbord and Mr. Bacon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

f Mr. Thomas Town field, Tellers for the Yeas,< Junior, \

(Mr

fellers for the Noes, j " J- 0,vr’e °’*nr‘

92.

44.

De Grey.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the said Report he re-committed to the Committee; to whom the said Petitions were referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Pet it ion of several Gentlemen in the Commission of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, and other principal Inhabitants of the same County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Liceufed Play* house is much wanted in the City of Norwich > and that Thomas Ivory is Proprietor of a certain Building, in the Parilli of St. Peter of Mancrqft,in the said City, which has been lately finillied and furnished by him for aPlay-house, and is for that Purpose very conveniently situated; and the Petitioners being informed that the said Thomas Ivory hath applied to the House for a Bill to have the said Playhoule licensed; They therefore pray that the said Bill may pass into a Law,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Dittos

Jovts, 11 o die Februarii j

Anno 8® Georgii III" Regis, 1768*

PrAYCrS.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing And inclosing several Stinted Failures, within the Township of Litton, in the Parilli of Arnclljfe,in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass { And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and iliclol'ing fevferal Stinted Pastures,' within the Tuwnship of Litton, in the Parish of AnicUfi'e, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. I wife lies do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Buckland Dinham, in the County of set, through Clandoion, to the End of the Parilli of

Tinfhury, leading towards Bristol, and from the Pojt, in the Parilli of Miilsummer Norton, through Falkland, to the End of the Parilli of Norton Saint Phillips, V ol . 3 r.

Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the Common Arable Fields, and the Common Meadows, Paftnre Grounds, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Sherbum, LennertoH,

Ash, Church Fenton, Little Fenton, and Biggin, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Brownloto 2fcrbVpresented to the House, according to Order, A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Operi Fields, Lands and Grounds, in the several Town-lliips of Atterby, Snitterby, And in the County of Lincoln: Aiid the same was received; and read the Pirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read A Second Time.

Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending and widening the Road from the City of York, to the Top of Ofioaldkirk Bank, and from the said Road, in Sutton Field, through Craiktf towards Oulston, to the Extent of the Lordship of Craike in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rfolvedy

Shffbdfrt

Indcfurtf

Atterby,

See.

Intlosure,.

York

to

Onlfton

Aoada.

J

II

Februarii.

A. 17

1fcfolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Selkirk A Bill for repairing several Roads leading through R°adi. the County of Selkirk, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert' Elliot, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Morton, Mr. Rigby, Mi". Burton' Lord Villiers, Mr. t)yfon, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Ryder, Sir Hugh Dalrymple, Mr. Elliott, Sir JarritSmith, Mr. Bacon, Sir James Loxvther, Mr. Shifner, Mr. Thurloiv, Sir Fletcher Norton, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Weddcrhurn, Mr. Barrett, Mr. Burke, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Dtindas, 'Sir Merrick Burrell, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Black-fibiie, Mr. Lowndes, Sir George Savile, Mr. Adams, Mr. Martin, Mr. Calvert, Vlt. Seymour, Mr. Clayton, Sir John Molefwotth'; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, atFive of the Clock; in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Navestock An iiigrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the -Com-

Inclosure. mon shid Heath, calledNavestock Common and Heatth, with! iv the Manors of Navestock and Loft hall, in the Count? of Fffix, wag read the Third Time.

RejwCfed, That the Bill do pads: And that the Title fee,. Ati Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and ffearh, dalled Navestock Common and Heath, within tile Maftortf of Ndvestock and ‘Lofthall, in the County tfEfex.

Ordered, That Mr. Rigby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defipe their Constirreuce.

Shoreditch Art itigrossed Biff to continue and render more effec-Enficid federal Acts paffled for repairing the Road leading

Road. from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shore-

ditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield, in the same Coilnty, next to th^ Parish of Cheshunt, ift the County of Hertford, and for amending the Road from the Watch House in Edmonton, to the Market Pfece in Eriftdd, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title f>e. An Act to continte and render more effectual several Acts passed for repairing the Road leading from the < Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in y. the Coftnty of Middlesex,\o the furthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Chejhuni, in the County of Hertford, and for amending the Road from the Watch House ift Edmonton, to the Market Place in Enfield. Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp Prodtor, do fc&rry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker*

Halifax The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Streets, to amend* and render more effectual* an Act,'made in &c* the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for supplyitig^heToWn of Halifax with Water; and for better paving, cleaning, and lighting the Streets and other Places there; and for removing all Nuisances, Incroachments, and Obstructions within the said Town*

1 and preventing the like for the future; without any Amendment: And also,

Sunderland The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging and dmtinuing the Term and Powers Road &ranted by An Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sunderland, near the Sea, to the city of Durham, in the «County of Durham, without any Amendment: And also, Hardlngfton, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Way Rood,- 'Pcft, in the Parish of Hardingston, in the County of Northampton, to Old Stratford, in the said County ^without any Amendment: And also,

Reborn’* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

-Maine. enable Thomas Kilbom, and his Issue Male, to take

and use the Surname of Burfozves, pursuant to the Will’ of John Burrowes, deceased; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Robert Ladbroke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making One or more Road or . Roads, from the South End of the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Friars, in the City of London, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey; and for making, widening, and improving, several Commipii^ cations, between the Cities of London avA Westminstjsr, and the Town and Borough of Southwark ,* and for empowering the Trustees for carrying into execution an. Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, to make, open, and keep in Repair, and also to watch and light, certain Roads, necessary to open the Communication between Christ Church, near the said Bridge, and the Counties of Surrey, Kent, Suffix, and Southampton ,* and to keep in repair, watch, and light* anew Road, from Christ Church to Westminster Bridge r And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Blackstone reported from the' Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Fre£* holders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Wilts, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That? the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, ap it appeared to them, to the House; and he read, jthe Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and i? as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr, Esau Reynolds said. That he knew the several Roads deferred in the Petition, which join to the Road from tit? Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, to Becking ton, in the County of Somerset; and that the same are in several Places too narrow, very crooked, and in a very ruinous condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And,

Mr. Paul Newman, being examined, confirmed jthe above Evidence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, nvide in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of hjp late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wills, to Beckington,. in ,the County of Somerset, and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the same Year, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, as relates to the Road from a Place in Trozvle Bridge Lane to Midford, and from Frejh-ford, to Halt's Close, in Limpley Stoke; and for amending the said Roads, and also several other Roads leading from or near the Roads included iii the said Acts; is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for repairing and widening the Road from The Carpenters Arms, at Keevil, to the Foot of Hugh ill, and from Studley Lane End,toVul Marsh Common, and from Southzvick, to the Turnpike Road oil Little Common, in the County of Wilts.

Sir Robert Ladbroke.presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better paving, cieanfing, and enlightening the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and for preventing Obllruftions and Annoyances within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for repealing an Act made in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign for thofePurposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Edward Bayntun presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Terms of several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of King George the

First,

Bhckfri.

Bridge

Roau*.

Seend,

&c.

Road.

City of London Paving.

Chippenham,

&rc.

Road.

Dnkeof

f Bedford’s Leafing.

East

Ayton

Iftciosure.

Private

Bufioefs.

Distressed

Debtors.

Duribar; suppl ing it *rith Water.

Tilsworth

ladofure*

8 Geo. III. 11° Februariu 6bi

First, and in the Seventeenth and Thirty-second Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from and near Chippenham, and Chippenham Bridge, tn the County of Wilts; and for amending the said Acts; and reducing them into One Act of Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

R^/olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Most noble John Duke of Bedford, and the Molt honourable Elizabeth Marchioness of Tavistock'y and the Survivor of them, and such Person or PersonS as they, or the Survivor of them, shall, by any Deed or Writing, or by his or her tail Will and Testaitietot,' nominate or appoint, to make Leases of the real Estate^ late of the Mod honourable Francis Ru//ely called Marquis of Tavijtocky deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.'

Mr. Daniel Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons and Town Fields, within the Tovmship of East Aytony in the Parish of Seamer; in the County of York: And the same was received 5 and read the Eirll Time.

licfolvedy That the Bill be read a Second Time/

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House, Tomorrow, to proceed upon any Private Business aflef Two of the Clock. *;

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors in the Gaol at Liverpool, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Hugh Dalrymple reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the Royal Burgh of Dunbar, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had diretf ed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Cleik’s Table: \\ here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. George Coiveriy being examined, said. That the Town of Dunbar, being situated on a rising Ground, has hitherto been ill supplied with Water; and to remedy which Inconvenience, the Town of Dunbar did enter intoan Agreement with the Proprietor of certain Springs of Water, for supplying the said Town with Water; and that the Proprietors, through whose Grounds the Pipes for conveying the Water were intended to be laid have consented thereto; but as feme of the said Proprietors are only Tenants for Life, and as it has been found necessary to carry the Pipes along one of the County Bridges, and across a Public High Road, and through Part of a Minister’s Glebe, the said Works cannot be completed without the Aid of an Act of Parliament.

Which Evidence was confirmed by a Member present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better supplying the Town of Dunbar with fresh Water: And that Sir Hugh Dalrymple and Sir Gilbert Elliot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, within the Manor or Lordship of Tilf worth,. in the County of Bedford, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fapie to be tru? j and that

Vol. 31. "*

’ the Parties toncemed had given their Consent tb the Bill, to the Satisfaction of thfc Committee; and that tlfe Committee had gohe through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereqnto; which they had directed him to report to the House V’and He read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with* he Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment* were Once read throughout;' and then A Second Time. One by One; and, upon the: Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by tlfe House. ’ —

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bb ingrossed. v. n

:/y. w 5; '

Mr. Daniel Lascelles reported from the Committees, to whom the Bill fardivert rhg, altering, wi<feriin«; repairing, and Amending the Road from 7/ucfaeh/fctxt,- in the West Riding of the County of York, tof Woodhead, in the County Palatine of Chefei\ and from tfoerioe to b Bridgeov'er the River Mersey, called Enterciough\Bndgey on the confines of the County of Derby I Was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegatf-ons of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, cindtaade several Amendments thereunto*1 which they had directed him to report to the House; arid he read the Report in itis Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tablb :* Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time One by One ;: and, upon the><&aeftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the' Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed; 1

Mr. LqfceUes, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and iridofing the Common and Waite Ground, within the Township aind-Manor of Cononly, in the Parish of JCUdwick, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed, ^That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parlies concerned had given their Consent to thb Bill;! to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Cor*mittee had gone through the Bill, and made: several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hitri to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a SecondTime, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest vW ere agreed to, by the House; and several Amendments w>ere made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Gilbert Elliot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Roxburgh, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the , Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, OnebyOne; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to pat in execution an Act, passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing 7 0 and

Hud'Jer*field

See.

Road*

Cononly

Ix&dofuret

Roxburgh

Roads.

Scend Sec. Road.

6o$

! ip Februari

A. 1768.

Seend &c. Road.

and widening the Road front Mullen's Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City of Salisbury, andfeveral other Roads in the said Act mentioned; and also for repairing and widening several other Roads, leading out of the said Roads; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; whose Names are thereunto subscribed; Was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty.-ififth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, the Second, for repairing the Road from the Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wills, to Beck-ington, in the County of Somerfel; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the same Year, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, as relates to the Road from a Place in Troxole Bridge Lane, to Midford, and from Frejhford to IIdll's Close, in Litnpley Stoke; and for amending the said Roads, and several other Roads leading from or near the Roads included in the said Acts; and representing to the House, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now stands, the Tolls now collected by virtue of the said Act will be gfeatly decreased, and the Securities granted by the Petitioners on the Credit of the said Tolls will be thereby prejudiced: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by thfcmselves, or their Counsel, again# Inch Parts of the said Bill as affect the Petitioners’ Interest, or that they may have fuchother Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth. That the Petitioners have advanced 7,807 /. or thereabouts, on the Credit of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it jiow stands, the Securities of the Petitioners and others will be greatly prejudiced thereby: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, again# such Parts of the said Bill as affect the Petitioners* Property, or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to nom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, again# the said Petitions.

Privilege. The House was moved, that the Entry in the Journal of the IJoufe, of the 14th Day of February 1697, in relation to the Proceedings of the House, touching the Matter of the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege, made again# Mr. Morris, for intercepting a Letter of Christopher Tankard, Esquire, a Member of this House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that the Entry in the Journal of the House of the 1 ft Day of May 1727, in relation to the Proceedings of thoHouse, upon the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege, by Henry Earl of Drogheda in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Member of this House, again# Richard Oldham, and Andrew Richards, Bailiffs, for arresting James Bugg, a menial Servant to the said Earl of Drogheda, in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Member of this House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That, in same of any Complaint of a Breach 21

of Privilege, hereafter to be made by any Member of this House, if the House shall adjudge that 110 Breach of Privilege has been committed, the Member who made the Complaint shall pay, to the Person complained of, his Costs and Expences incurred by reason of such Complaint;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out <rno’ Breach of Privilege has been committed, the Member who made the Complaintihall,

" pay," and insert " there is no Ground for such " Complaint, the House will order Satisfaction and after " of* to insert " for."

And the Question being put, that the Words " n*

? Breach of Privilege has been committed, the Mem-" her. who,made the Complaint shall pay," (land part of the Question;*.

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, that the Words " there " is no Ground for such Complaint, the House will " order Satisfaction," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

: And the Question being put, that the Word c* for" be inserted after the Word " of;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, thus amended, being put;

Resolved, That in same of any Complaint of a Breach of Privilege hereafter to be made by any Member of this House, if the House shall adjudge that there is no Ground for such Complaint, the House will order Satisfaction to the Person complained of for his Colts and Expences incurred by reason of such Complaint.

Ordered, That the said Resolution be made a (landing Order of this House.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that, pursuant to Redemption their Order to him on Monday last, he had ligniiied by certain Writing, inserted in the London Gazette of Tuesday last, Annu, Utt* and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London, upon the same day, the Resolution of this House of Monday last,

" That such Part of the Capital Stock of Annuities,

<c after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum, established <c by an Act made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s <c Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported " into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three " millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of c< Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said " Duties; as shall remain after the fifth Day of July " next, be redeemed, and paid off, in manner follow-M ing; that is to say, One Half of such remaining Part <c of the said Capital Stock of Annuities on the Tenth " Day of OBober next, and the other Half, being the " Residue of such Capital Stock on the 5th Day of €€ January 1769, after discharging the Interest due on " each of the said Days, upon the respective Parts of " the said Capital Stock, which is then to be redeemed,

" and paid off, agreeable to the Ciaules and Powers of " Redemption contained in the said Act."

The said Notice inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange, is as followeth; viz.

A Resolution and Order of the House of Commons.

Mart is, 9* die Februarii, 1768.

Resolved, That such Part of the Capital Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum, established by an Act made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum oftThree millions Five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; as shall remain after the Fifth Day of July next, be redeemed

arid

r>i?c)jy of C ornwall Leafing.

fcroolce’j

Livorce.


Monopoly ot Cattle.

8 Geo. III. 11° FebrUarii.

and paid off, in Manner followingthat is to say. One Half of such remaining Part of the said Capital Stock of Annuities, on the Tenth Day of OBober next, and the ather Half, being the Residue of such Capital Stock, on the 5th Day of January 1769, after discharging the Interest due on each of the said Days, upon the respective Parts of the said Capital Stock, which is then to be redeemed and paid off.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do forthwith give Notice, That such Part of the Capital Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum, established by an Act made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; as shall remain after the Fifth Day of July next, be redeemed, and paid off, in Manner following; that is to say, One Half of such remaining Part of the said Capital Stock of Annuities, on the Tenth Day of October next, and the other Half, being the Residue of such Capital Stock, on the 5th Day of January 1769, after discharging the Interest due on each of the said Days, upon the respective Parts of the said Capital Stock, which is then to be redeemed, and paid off, agreeable to the Clauses and Powers of Redemption contained in the said Act

Which Resolution and Order, thus signed and published by me, are to be sufficient Notice of the Repayment of such Part of the said Capital Stock of Annuities, which shall remain after the Fifth Day of July next, and of the Redemption thereof.

J. Cuf, Speaker.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to make Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornicall, or annexed to the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Sir Ed-wardsBayntun, Mr. Upton, Mr. HnJJey, and Mr. Elliot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Brooke, Doctor in Physic, with Harriet Neither pc, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 22. Leave out u as."

Pr. 4. 1! 19. Leave out " Child" and insert " Children" instead thereof.

1. 36. Leave out " Propeft" and insert " Prospeft" instead thereof.

The said Amendments, being several Jy read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Graziers, and others, Feeders of Cattle, of the Eastern Part of the County of Somerset, at a numerous Meeting held at Ycovill, in the said County, the 8 th Day of January 1768; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Graziers, and others, Feeders of Cattle, in the County of Dorset, at avery numerous Meeting held at Stui'min-Jjter Newton Cable, in the said County, the Thirteenth Day of January 1768; and also the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, assembled at their General Quarter Session for the County of Somerset, and of the Gentlemen

V©i. 3*.

oftheGrandlnquestjtmdofother Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the said County; were severally referred

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further4 Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Robert Withy attending, according to Order, he Was called in; and at the Bar, examihed, in relation to an Advertisement in the printed News Paper intituled, <c The Gazetteer and New Daily Advertifer, Thursday, <c February 4, 1768, printed for Charles Say, in Nctv-<c gate Streetand confessed that he put in the said Advertisement; but said he had received no Letters in Consequence thereof.

Then Samuel Pumey, who was also atiendlhg hccordr ing to Order, was called in; and, at the Bar, confronted with the said Robert Withy, and said that Mr. Withy had frequently ordered Letters directed to C. D. to be sent to him, all which he had sent to Mr. Withy; and that the lull Letter he sent was about Ten Days ago; and that he had sent Letters to Mr. Withy with that Direction Three Months ago. o

And Mr. Withy, being asked if lie had brought any Letters, as required by the Order of the House; he, said he had not, as he understood the Order to refer only to Letters received in Consequence of the Advertisement of Thursday iaft.

Then Samuel Pumey, being further examined, informed the House, that he had received Letters since the 4th Instant, directed to C. which he delivered to Mr. Withy.

Then the said Samuel Pumey was directed to withdraw.

And the said Mr. Withy, being further examined, said he htid received Letters from John Reynolds, with relation to the Borough oi Milbome Port \ and that he received Instructions from the said John Reynolds to put iii the said Advertisement, and to refer every one who applied in Consequence thereof to the said Mr. Reynolds$ that he apprehended the Meaning of the said Advertise* ment was an Interest in some Borough; that he was applied to verbally from Mr. Hickey, Attorney in Saint Alban's Street, Mr. Seagrave, Attorney in Southamp* ton Buildings, and Mr. Coidthurst, an Attorney in Chancery Lane, all of whom he referred to the said NLr.Rey Holds; that he was pre fen tat aConverfation between the said Mr. Reynolds and Mr. Hickey, when Mr, Reynolds said there were some Boroughs which Would come reasonable; and that he named Milborne Port> Reading, and Honiton.

And the said William Withy further said, that a Deposit was made for the Borough oI Reading *, that he heard the said Mr. Hickey say it was agreed on, and named Mr. Nightingale as his Principal.

Ordered, That John Reynolds do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr, Hickey do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Seagrave do attend this

House at the fameTime.

Ordered, That Mr. Couithurst do attend thia

House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Robert Withy be taken into the Cut tody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to his being brought up Tb-morrow Morning, tet be further examined; and that noPerson be admitted to speak to him but in the Presence of the Serjeant at Arai^ attending this House, or his Deputy, and giving to the said Serjeant, or his Deputy, their Names and Places of Abode; and that no Letters be delivered to, or fenj, from, the said Robert Withy, during the Time he shall so remain in Custody: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

The other Orders of the Day being read;'

Ordered, That J. Wilkie do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That William Taylor do attend this House at the same Time,

Ordered,

Privilege*

Ditte.

604

i i °-r — r 2°

A. 1768.

Ordered, That JbAw Whitworth do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Elizabeth Slaincir do attend this House at the same Time,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Portsmouth

Streets.

Veneris^ 12 ° die Februarii j

' Anno 8* Georgii III*" Regis, 1768.

Praters.

Private r I ^HE House being moved, in pursuance of the Or-Business. X der of Yesterday, that Leave be given to move the House, this Day, that any Private Business might be entered upon in the House, this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any Private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Ordard, That Leave be given to move the House, upon Monday next, that any Private Business may be entered upon, after Two of the Clock.

Sir Edward:Hawke presented to the House, according toOrder, a Bill for the better paving andcleanfing the Streets, and Other public Passages, in the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Derby A Bill for felling Part of a Green called Nun's Green, Paving, in the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Improvement of the remaining Part of the said Green, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Ridley, Sir Francis Blake Delaval, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Calvert, Colonel Fitzroy, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Sir George Saviley Mr. Vane, S\rJarrit Smith, Mr. Blackstone,yiv. Lowndes, Mr. Clive, Sir John Delaval, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Legh, Mr. Hayes, Sir Francis Vincent, General Irwine, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Jackson, Sir John Moles-worih, Mr. Hunter, Sir Charles Saunders, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Sandys, Sir William Beauchamp ProBor, Lord Mexborough, Mr. Grey, Mr. Fairfax, General Douglas, Mr. Craven, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Hamilton, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Vernon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, Stafford, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Eppfrstone

lndofure.

Ditto.

Thetfori

Road.

Mary ieB«n« An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Streets. Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better Maintenance of the roor, regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, .< within the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George 20

the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within tl)e Parish of Saint Ma?y le Bone, in the County of Middlesex; and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp ProBor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Lord of the Manor, and other Owners of Land, in the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons of Epperjtone, in the County of Nottingham.

Sir George Savile presented to the House according to Order a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Liberties of Epperjtone, in the County of Nottingham:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Fitzroy reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending the Road from Christopher's Bridge, in the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Suffolk, to the Turnpike Road, at the South West End of the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table 1 Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, Kinpfton and to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by, an upon Thames Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the lleign of his late Majesty, so far as the said Act relates to the repairingand widening the Road from the Town of King-Jton upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near Petersfidd, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Vincent, Sir George Warren, Mr. Touchet, Sir John Molesworth, S\v William Beauchamp ProBor, Mr. Luttrell, Wlr.OnJlow, Mr. Shiffner, Sir William Codr ing ton,

Mr. Darker, Sir Hugh Dalrymple, Nlv. Upto?i, Mr. Burke,

Mr. Vane, General IrwineMr. Montagu, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Huffey, Mr. Hunter, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Edmonstone, Colonel Barre, Sir George Yonge, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Wauchope, Mr. Martin, Sir John Delaval,

Mr. Brudenell, Sir George Savile, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr.

Dyfon, Mr. Foley, Mr. Byde, Mr. Walsingham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey,

Kent, Southampton, and Suffer: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Road.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for

repairing

Marine

Forcei.

Maidftoae

Road.

8 Geo. III. i Feb605

repairing the Road from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone, in the Mouth of the River o fCarron, in the County of Maidstone, to Tubb's Lake, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, in Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a the County of Kent,without any Amendment: And also, Place called Dalmuir Burnfovt, in the County of Dum-Jenner’s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act barton; and also a collateral Cut from the same to the

Name. enabie Tkojnas Jenner, an Infant, and his KTue, to City of Glajgozo, was re-committed; That the Corn-

take and use the Surname of Worgc only, pursuant to mittee had made several other Amendments to the to the-Will of George Worge deceased, without any Bill; which they had directed him to report to the Amendment: And also, House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

Transporta- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, Offenders ^or more speedy and effectual Transportation of in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were e ers. QfpeiKjerSj some Amendments; to which Amend- Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One

ments the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House. by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-

And then the Messengers withdrew. upon, were, with Amendments to several of them,

agreed to by the House.

Glasgow Mr'. Edmonstone reported from the Committee, to Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Exchange, whom the Bill for making and widening a Passage, or ingrafted*

&c* Street, from the Salt Market Street, in the City of

Glasgow, to Saint Andrew's Church in the said City; Air. Dyfon presented to the House, according to and for enlarging and completing the Church Yard of Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Com-the said Church; and for making and building a con- mons and Waste Grounds, within the Alan or of Waver-venient Exchange in the said City; and also forex- tree, in the Parish o fChildzvall, in the County Palatine plaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty- of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read second Year of his late Majesty, for improving the the First Time.

Navigation of the River Clyde to the City of Glasgotv, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the

laid City, to the Village of Gorbells, was committed; Sir Hugh Dalrymple presented to the House, accord-That the Committee had considered the Petition of the ing to Order, a Bill for the better supplying the Town Gentlemen of the Counties of Lanerk and Renfrew, the of Dunbar with fi*eih Water: And the same was re--Magistrates of the Borough of Rutherglen, and others, ceived; and read the First Time, whose Estates lie on the South Side of the River Clyde, Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time,

or are concerned in Collieries on that Side of the River,

to them referred; and had examined the Allegations Air. Cooper presented to the House, according to of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year several Amendments thereunto; which they had di- 1768: And the same was received: and read the rented him to report to the House; and he read the Fil'd Time.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and An ingrafted Bill to explain and amend so much of then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the an1 Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King Question severally put thereupon, were, with an William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House. Aid to His Majesty for disbanding the Army, and , Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be other necessary Occasions, as relates to the Number of ingrafted. Troops to he kept upon the Irish Establishment, was

read the Third Time.

Woughton Air. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- be. An Act to explain and amend so much of an At% Inclosure. mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King William and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the the Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to Parish of Woughton on the Green, in the County of His Majesty for diflbanding the Army, and other ne-jBucks, was committed, That the Committee had exa- ceflary Occasions, as relates to the Number of Troops mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be kept upon the Irish Establitliment. to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given Ordered, That General Conway do carry the Bill to their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee (except Henry Roberts, who is possest’ed of

Thirty Acres of Land in the said Common Fields, An ingrafted Bill for providing proper Accommoda-who, being applied to, refused tofignthe Bill, becaiife tions for Elis Majesty’s Justices of the Great Seliions his Wife was not willing; and that the Whole of the hi TJ' ales, during the Time of holding such Sessions, Land intended to be in doled coniilis of 1210 Acres, was read the Third Time.

Two Roods, and Ten Perches, and Seven Cottage Rejoiced, That the Bill do pass: And that the I itle Commons); and that no Person appeared before the be, An Act for providing proper Accommodations for Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Com- His Majesty’s Justices of the Great Sessions in Wales, mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several during the Time of holding such Section>.

Amendments thereunto; which they had di reded him Ordered., That Air Cooper do carry the Bill to the

to report to the House; and lie read the Report in Lords, and delire their Concurrence, his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Rejoiced, That this House will, at the Rising of the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then House this Day, adjourn till Monday Aforning next, a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

severally put thereupon,* were agreed to by the House. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ingrafted. consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Air. Dicndas reported from the Committee, to whom ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Clyde the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut,

Navigation, or Canal, from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near The Order of the Day being read, for the House to V.ol. 31* 7 P resolve

Wavertree

Inclosure.

Dunbar; supplying it with Water.

Supply Bill i Exchequer Bills.

Army.

Irish

Establith-

ment.

Welfll

Swjlions.

Adjourn-

ment.

Supply*

Ways and Means.

PwiJege.

606 I2° — 15°

rcfolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of "Ways and Means for raising the 'Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itfeJf into the said Committee.

The several Orders of the Day being read, for the Attendance of Mr. John Reynolds, Mr. Hickey, Mr. Sea grave, and Mr. Coulthurst \

And the House being informed that the said Hickey, Seagrave, and Coulthurst, were attending according to Order;

And the Scijcant at Arms attending this House being called upon to give an Account of what had been done in relation to the Service of the Order of this House, of Yelterday, upon the said John Reynolds; he informed the House that One of his Messengers had been at the said Mr. Reynolds's Lodgings, but did not fee him.

Then Mr. Williams, one of the Messengers of the erjeant at Arms attending this House, being called in, informed the House, that he had been at the Lodgings of the said Mr Reynolds, in Scotland Yard; and that he was told by a Servant Maid, that he went out of Town upon Saturday last, and was expected in Town this Day; but that his Return was uncertain.

Then Robert Withy, in Culiody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was brought to the Bar, 'and further examined in relation to the Subject-matter of the Advertisement published in The Gazetteer and New Daily Advertijer of Thursday the 4th Day of this Instant Februanj.

And then he was directed to be taken from the Bar. Then the said Mr. Coulthurst was called in to the Bar. And so ijmch of the Evidence given by the said Robert Withy Yelterday and this Day, as related to the 'said Mr. Coulthurst, being read to him;

Mr. Coulthurst was heard in relation thereto, and referred to his Clerk Mr. Farrer.

And then Mr. Coulthurst was directed to withdraw. And the House being informed, that the said Mr. Farrer attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, was examined as to the Conduct of the said Mr. Coulthurst with respect to the said Advertisement. And then he was directed to withdraw.

Then the said Mr. Hickey was called in to the Bar. And so much of the Evidence given Yelterday by the said Mr. Withy, as related to the said Mr. Hickey, was read to him.

And he was heard in relation thereto.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

He was again called in, and further heard; and referred to his Son Joseph Hickey, and to his Clerk James Weir.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

Then the said Robert Withy was again brought to the Bar; where he informed the House, that, in giving his Evidence to this House Yelterday, he did not mean to say that Mr. Hickey was present when Mr Reynolds named the Boroughs of Milborn Port, Reading, and Honiton; and that it was Mr. Reynolds', and not Mr. Hickey (as he Yesterday informed the House), who said it was agreed on with respect to Reading; and that the said Reynolds named Mr, Nightingale as his Principal. And the said Mr. Withy was further examined.

And then he was again directed to be taken from the Bar.

He was again brought to the Bar, and further exar mined.

And he w as again directed to be taken from the Bar. Then JoJ'eph Hickey, Son to the said Mr. Hickey, and James Weir, his Clerk, who, the House was informed, were attending at the Door, were severally called in, and, at the Bar, examined, as to the Gondu& of the said Mr. Hickey with respect to the said Advertisement. And they were severally directed to w ithdraw. Then the said Mr. Withy was again brought to the Bar.'

Februarii. 1768.

And the said Mr. Hickey Avas again called in; and so much of the Evidence given by the said Robert Withy, as relates to the said Mr Hickey, was read to him, and the said Mr. Hickey was confronted with Mr. Withy, and was further heard with respect to Mr. Withy's Evidence.

And then he w;as again directed to withdraw.

And the said Mr. Withy was again directed to be taken from the Bar.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Evidence given by the said Mr. Withy, with respect to the said Mr. Hickey, be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Hickey do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

And the said John Reynolds having, in the Course of the Examination of several PeiTons, been charged with being guilty of corrupt Practices relating to several Boroughs;

Ordered, That the said John Reynolds be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to his being brought up upon Monday Morning next, to answer the said Charge.

Ordered, That the said Robert Withy be continued in the Culiody of the Serjeafft at Arms attending this House, in order to his being brought up upon Monday Morning next, to be further examined.

Ordered, That Mr.----- Irwin do attend this House

upon Monday Morning next.

A Motion wras made, and the Question being put.

That Mr.----- Nightingale do attend this House upon

Monday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j } 41-

TeHers for the Noes, ] £}r. j 2.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That Mr. J. Wilkie do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. William Taylor do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Whitworth do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mrs. Elizabeth Slaincir do attend this House at the same Time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce,150 die Februarii;

Anno 8° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1768. Prayers,

THE House being moved, in pursuance of the Order of Friday last, that Leave be given to move the House, this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House, this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon, this Day, after Twp of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill for making and widening a Passage, or Street, from the Salt Market Street, in the City of Glasgow, to St. Andrew's Church in the said City; rand for enlarging and completing the Church Yard of the said Church; and for making and building a convenient

Exchange

Privilege,

Ditto.

Ditto;

Private

Business.

Glasgow

Exchange,

&c.

Huddersfield,

fire.

Road.


Tilsworth

In do Cure.

"WroughTon on rbe Green Inclosure.

Cononly

Inclosure.

Toynton

supra

Inclol'urc

8 Geo. III. 15 Februa601

mnge in the said City; and also for explaining and amending an Art, paflccl in the Thirty-feeoiid Year of Lis late Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of G lafgoto, and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City, to the Village of G or bells', was read the Third lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for making and widening a PaO'age, or Street, from the Salt Market Street, in the City of Glajgoiv, to StAndrew's Church in the said City; and for enlarging and completing the Church Yard of the said Church; and for making and building a convenient Exchange or Squares in the said Ci£y; and also for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of Glasgoia, and for building a Bridge cross t lie said River, from the said City, to the Village of Gorbells.

Ordered, That Mr. Edmonjtonc do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Road from Huddersfield, in the Wed Riding of the County of I 'ork, to JFoodhead, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from thence to a Bridge over the River Met fey, called Enter dough Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for diverting, altering, widening,.repairing, and amending, the Road from Huddersfield, in the Wed Riding of the County of York, to Woodhead, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from thence to a Bridge over the River Mcrjiy, called Entcrdough Bridge, on the Coniines of the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Lafeelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, within the Manor or Lordship of Tiljicorth, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields within the Manor or Lordship of Tilsworth, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

i An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Wroughlon on the Green, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Wroughton on the Green, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Lozvndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waite Ground, within the Township and Manor of Cononly, in the Parish of Kildzoick, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Ground within the Township and Manor of Cononly, in the Parish of Kildzoick, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord Brozvnlozv Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the

Vql. 31.

Open and Common Fields, Cow Failures, and other Commons and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Toynton supra, within the Manor of Horn CqJlle, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Tlarbord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for licensing a Playhouse within the City of Norwich: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for making One or more Road or Roads, from the South End of the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Friai's, in the City of London, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey; and for making, widening, and improving, several Communications between the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for impowering the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, to make, open, and keep in Repair, and also to watch and light, certain Roads, necessary to open the Communication between Christ Church, near the said Bridge, and the Counties of Surrey, Kent, Sussex, an d Southampton; and to keep in Repair, watch, and light, a new Road, from Chrifi Church to Westminster Bridge; was read a Second Time.

And Notice being taken, that the said Bill contains several Provisions not included in the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, which was presented to the House upon the of November last;

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn, in order to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

A Bill for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for repealing an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign for those Purposes; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Ladbroke; Mr. Ryder, Mr. Paterson, the Lord Majror of London, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Lozvndes, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Shiffiier, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Damer, Mr. Brand, Lord BroubilozvBertie, Sir EdivardBayntun, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Alderman Beck ford, Mr. Gilbert, Mr Calvert, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Lafeelles, Mr. Ctiler aft, Mr. Byde, Mr. Vane, Mv.Dyfon, Mr. Prescott, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Morant, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Hays, Lord Clare, and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surry, Kent, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Pariilies of Lillcy and Offley, in the County of Hertford, except a certain Sheep Down, commonly called Lilley Hoo, in the said Pariftiof Lilley, and certain Lands, Part of the said Common Fields, lying South East of West Lane End, the Mill House, and Cold's Cross, and North East of the Town of Offley, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Byde, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Grenville, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Lafeelles, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Calvert, Sir Roger Nezvdigate, Mr. Vane, Mr. Wilbraham, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Bootle, General Irwine, Mr. Garth, Mr. Burre//, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Ongley, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Crewe, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Grey, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Burke, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Clive, Mr. Bajfet, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Holt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford? Bedford, Buchjs, and Middlesex: And they

are

Norwich

Theatre*

Blackfriari

Bride®

Roads*

City of London Paving.

Lilley

and

Offley

inclosure*

6o8

are to, meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sherburn A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of Iudofure. the Common ArableFields, and the Common Meadows, Failure Grounds, Commons and Waste Grounds within the Townships of Sherburn, Lennerton, Barkfon Ash, Church Fenton, Little Fenton, and Biggin, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lafcdles, Sir John Delaval, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Birt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Blnckjione, Mr. Waller, Sir Henry Bridgeman, Mr. Bydc, Mr. Conway, Mr. Clive, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Paterjon, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Thurlow, Mr, Calvert, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Garth, Sir George Savile, Sir Lionel P liking ton, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Dempjter, Mr. Crewe, 'Sir. Seymour, Mr. Burrell, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Wefi, Mr. Burke, Lord Clare, Mr. Bull, Mr. Bcone, Mr. Curzon ,* and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancaster, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

East Ayton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons lac ofure. an(j jown Fields within the Township of East Aylon, in the Parish of Seamer, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lafcdles, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Conway, Sir Edmund Isham, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Hunter, Sir George Savile, General Amherjt, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Wynn,

' Mr. WJl, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Penton, Mr. Vme. Sir William

Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Seymour, Mr, Bradshaw, Sir Charles Hardy, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Mackworth, General Greeme, Mr. Buffet, Mr. Waljh, Mr. Bull, Mr. Boone, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Crave, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir Fra?icis Vincent; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Brooke’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Divorce, to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Brooke, Doctor of Physic, with Harriet Neitherpe, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with lbme Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

York A Bill for amending and widening the Road from to the City of York, to the Top of Oswaldkirk Bank; and

Chilftoa from the said Road, in Sutton Field, through Craike,

0 towards Oxdfion, to the Extent of the Lordibip of Craike, in the County of York; was read aSecondTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Last celles, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Pater-son. Sir Francis Vincent. Lord Grey, Mr. Ryder, General Grceme, Mr. Gray, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Calvert, Mr Gajcoyne, Sir George Colebrooke, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Clive, Mr. Robinson, Sir George Savile, Sir LionelPilkington, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Crexve, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Grey, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Whitjhed, Sir Alexander Grant, Sir John Molejworth, Mr. Vanti Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Fuller, Mr, Bull, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Tucker, General Irwine, Mr. Cocks; and all the Members who serve fov the Counties of York, 18

Lincoln, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this. Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Edward Bayntun reported from the Committee, Seeml, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of &c*

an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of Road*

his late Majesty King Georgeft\ie Second, for repairing the Road from the Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, to Becking ton, in the County of Somerset; and for repealing so much of an Act made in the same Year, for repairing several Roads in the Counties^of Wills and Somerset, as relates to the Road from a Place in Trowle Bridge Lane to Midford, and from Frejhford to Hall's Cloje, in Limpley Stoke; and for amending the said Roads, and also several other Roads leading from or near the Roads included in the said Alts; was committed; and to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to pul in Execution an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the'Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Mullens Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City of Salisbury\ and several other"

Roads in the said Act mentioned, and also for repairing and widening several other Roads, leading out Of the said Roads, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed 3 were severally referred; that no Counsel appeared in behalf of the said Petitions; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the #-Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill he re-committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Lord Broxtnlozv Bertie reported from the Committee, Morton to whom the Hill for dividing and inclosing the Open hidofure, Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Common Fen, in the Parish of Morton, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving the said Fen; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con lent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Three Persons, whose Property is Two Common Rights and Four Acres in the said Fields, who could not be met with; and the whole Property is 130 Common Rights, and 2,041 Acres in the Fields and Meadows); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he'read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then aSecondTime, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, vv^re agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for amending the Road from Chri- Thetford stopher's Bridge, in the Borough of Thetford, in the Road* County of Suffblk,to the Turnpike Road, at the South West End of the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third. Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill i viz.

Pr. 1.

150 Februarii.

Bi (bop’s

Cattle

Roads.

Utile

Shcepy

IncMure.

Shoreditch

Streets.

8 Geo. III. 15*'Februarii. 6<y9

Pr. 1.1. 3. To leave out " Turnpike Road at the." And the said Amendment was, upon the Qt^ftion put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and' the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An A8b for amending the Road from Christopher's Bridge, in the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Suffolk, to the North-East End of the Town of New-' market, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Colonel Fitzroy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their. Concurrence.

Ordered, Thajt Mr. Clivedomakethe Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bifiop's Cqftle, and from Montgomery, to the Turnpike Hoad at Wefibury, and from BroSton, to the Turnpike Road at Minjterly, in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery, was committed.

Mr. Clive accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made (Several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read thoughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon were agreed to,' by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Fields, Meadows, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, lying within the Manor or Liberty of Little Sheepy, in the County of Leicester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the B.II, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Edward Fates and John Chamberlain, who are possessed of a Half Yard Land, who refused to sign the Bill, but said they would not oppose it; and that the Whole of the Fields intended to be inclosed consists of 24 Yard Lands); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Paterfonreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets and other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vo*.. 31.

The House was moved, that the Second of the Re-Supply, solutions, which, upon Tuesday the Fifteenth Day of . December last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were-then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly, and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That a Stim, not exceeding Eight hun-<c dred and Seventy-five thousand Pounds, be granted " to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to redeemr " and pay off, One Third Part of such Capital Stock " of Annuities."

The House was also moved, that thd Sixth of the Resolutions, which, upon Monday the Eighth Day of this Instant February, were reported from the Commits tee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be react.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly, and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding One million " Seven hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to redeem,

<c and pay off, such remaining Parts of the said Capital Stock of Annuities."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon Tuesday the Ninth Day of this Instant February, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House; and also pursuant to the First of the Resolutions, which, upon Tuesday*he Fifteenth Day of December last, were Reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House; and also, pursuant to the Fifth of the Resolutions, which, upon Monday the Eighth Day of this Instant February, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer red to consider further of the Sup=-ply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House; that they do also prepare the said Bill, or One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions now read.

The House was moved, That the Address of this American House to His Majesty, upon Thursday the 27th Day of c°l°n!CS‘ March 1766, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct that the fulled InflruCtions be given to the several Governors of Colonies in North America, to transmit particular and exact Accounts of the several Manufactures which have been set up, and carried on, in their espective Governments, from the Year i 734* and of the public Encouragements which have been given thereto: and that the said Governors do, from Time to Time, annually transmit the like Accounts of Manufactures which shall hereafter be set up, and of the public Encouragements which shall be given thereto; and that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct that such Accounts, when received, be laid before this House: And also,

His Majesty’s Answer to the said Address, of Monday the 7th Day of April 1766, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The House was moved, that the Report, which, WhaJ« upon this Day Sevennight was made from the Com- Fisheiy. mittee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Tradesmen of the Port of Liverpool, on behalf of themselves, and more particularly of those concertied in the Whale Fishery to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent; and also, the Petition of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, met at Edinburgh, the 17th Day

7 Q of

6io 150 Februarit. A. 1768.

December ijfrj; and also, thef Petition af several Mer- obtain a Seat in thi* House, for a Client for wiiom he

chants. His Majesty s Brmjh Subjects, concerned in the Whale Fishery, on behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said Fiftery; were Severally referred; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred bo the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House Will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itfelfintoaCosMnitteeof the Whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Elt&ionf. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further and more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption, in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, be now read.

' And the said Older being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, upoti the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Friday last, that

nv cge. John Reynolds be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to his being brought up upon this Day, to.answer a Charge of being guilty of corrupt Practices relating to several Boroughs, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the Serjeant at Arms attending this House being called upon, to give an Account of what had been done in relation to the said Order, he informed the House that One of his Messengers went to Reading, but was told that Mr. Reynolds had not been there for a Week; and that another Medenger had been at his Lodgings, but he was not there; and that diligent Search had been made after the said John Reynolds, but that lie could not be found.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that he will be gracioufty pleased to lfltie His Royal Proclamation for apprehending John Reynolds, with a Promise of a Reward for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Mod honourable Privy Council.

Ditto. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

further Consideration the Evidence given by Mr. Withy, with respect to Mr. Hickey, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Robert Withy, now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be now brought to the Bar, and further examined with respect to Mr. Hickey.

The said Robert Withy was accordingly brought to the Bar.

And then he was directed to be taken from the Bar. He was again brought to the Bar.

And Mr. Hickey, attending according to Order, was called in; and the said Robert Withy was further examined, in the Presence of the said Mr. Hickey, with respect to him.

And then Mr. Hickey was directed to withdraw.

And the said Mr. Withy was again directed to be taken from the Bar.

Then the said Mr. Hickey was again called in; and Mr. Withy was again brought to the Bar, and further examined in the Presence of the said Mr. Hickey, with respect to him.

And Mr. Hickey was further heard.

And then the said Mr. Hickey was again directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Withy was again directed to be taken from the Bar.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it appears to this House, that Joseph Hickey, Attorney at Law, has been guilty of a corrupt Attempt to*

was employed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdlcr, for ,,e

<*. MssEtfaa, w

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Joseph Hickey be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Seijoaut at Arms attending this House.

Then Robert Withy was again brought to the Bar, and examined with respedit to a corrupt Application made by the said Mr. Reynolds, at the Borough of Great Marlow.

And then he was again directed t*> be taken from the Bar.

He was again brought to the Bar, and examined with respect to some Tran factions, which he said had been carried on at Reading by Mr. Irwin, one of the Per Tons who was ordered to attend this House this Day.

And he was again directed to be taken from the Bar.

Then Mr. Joseph Irwin, who was attending according to Order, was called in to the Bar.

And so much of the Evidence given by Mr. Withy9 this Day, as related to the (kid Mr. Irwin, being read to him;

He was heard thereupon; and referred to Mr. Whe-tham, one of the Messengers of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, as to what pnffed between the said Robert Withy and him the said Mr. Irwin, in the Presence of the said Whetham.

And then he was directed to w ithdraw.

Then the said Mr. Irwin w as again called ip to the Bar; and the said Whetham w’as also called in.

And the said Mr. Withy was again, brought to the Bar.

And they w ere all Three confronted.

And the said Whetham was directed to withdraw.

And the said Robert Withy was further examined.

And the said Mr. Irwin was further heard.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

And the said Mr. Wiihy was again directed to bp taken from the Bar.

Ordered, That the said Robert Withy be discharged out of Custody, without paying any Fees.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Monopoly Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Cattle. Graziers, and others, Feeders of Cattle, of the Eastern Part of the County o f Some if el, at a numerous Meeting held at Yeovill, in the said Count y, the 8th Day of January 1768; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen,

Graziers, and others. Feeders of Cattle, in the County of Dorset, at a very numerous Meeting held at Slur-m infer Newton Castle, in the said County, the Thirteenth Day of January 1768; and also the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, assembled at their General Quarter Session for the County of Somerset, and of the Gentlemen of the Grand Inquest, and of other Gentlemen,

Clergy and Freeholders of the said County; were severally refeired; be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesiay Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the *nd Mean* whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. J. Wilkie do attend this House, Privilege* Tomorrow Morning.

15 Ordered,

Tiverton

Writ.

Brooke*

Divorce.

Winfrith

Newburgh.

Inclosure.

Monica

Inclosure.

Ketton

Inclosure.

Hook

Inclosure.

Roxburgh

Inclosure.

Hertford

thire-House.

8 Geo. III.

15® — 1 6°Februarii.

611

Ordered, That Mr. William Taylor do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Whitworth do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mrs. Elizabeth Slaincir do attend this House, at the same Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 16° die Februarii;

Anno 8° Georgii IIIlii. Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-^rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a pew Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, in the room of Charles Gore, Esquire, deceased.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made By this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Brooke, Doctor in Physic, with Harriet NHtftorpe, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again* and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Sheep Downs, Commons, Common Heaths, and other Waste Grounds, in the In-Parish of Whijfrish Newburgh, in the County of Dorset, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor of Morden, in the County of Dorset, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Heath and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Ketton, in the County of Rutland, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Marshes, Waste Grounds, Commons, Carrs, Pafiure, and Moor, within the Manor of Hook, in the Parish of Snaith, in the County of York, and for maintaining the Banks within the said Manor and Township* without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Roxburgh, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Roxburgh.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Elliot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for taking down the present Shire House in the Market Place of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, and for building a new one on a more extensive and commodious Plan in the Market Place of the said Town, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Byde, Mr. Pre/colt, Sir Lawrence Dundas, Sir John Sebright, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Cafxoalt, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Jennings, Sir Matthew Lamb, Mr, Hume, Sir Wil-

Vol, 31*

lierm Baker, Mr. Brand, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Morgan, Mr* Towifhend, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Harris, Mr. Fonnereau*

Mr. Jackson, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Fuller, Me*

Tudivay, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr Gascoyne, Mr. Wilbryham*

Lord George Sackville, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Moroni, Mr.

Burton, Mr. West, Mr. Thrale, Mr. Coutts, Mr« Sandys Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Powell, Sir Thomas Cave, Lord Gre%

Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Dyfon; apd all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Bucks, Bedford

Essex, Middlesex, and Cambridge: , And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons Wavmree and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Wavertreef indoiure. in the Parish of Childzvall, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Morton, Mr.

Pennant, Mr. Forester, Mr. Gajccyne, Mr. Blackstone,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr.

Fonnereait, Mr. Ridley, Lord Strange, Mr. Byde, Mr.

Hujke, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Dxfon, Sir Robert Ladbroke,

Mr. Shiffhei', Mr. Hunter, Mr. Rajhleigh, Mr. Ongley,

Sir Richard Glyn, Mr. Brand, Mr. Sandys, Sir George Savile, Sir Alexander Grant, Sir Edmund Jsham, Mr.

Robinfcn, Mr. Calcrafl; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and York:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of to enable the Most noble John Duke of Bedford, ancj the Most honourable Elizabeth, Marehioness of Tavis- d

tock, and the Survivor of them, and such Person or Persons as they or the Survivor of them, shall, by any Deed or Writing, or by his or her last; Will and Testament, nominate or appoint, to make Leases of the real Estates late of the Most honourable Francis Russel, called Marquis of Tavstock, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be committed to Mr. Brand,

Mr. Ellis, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Fuller, Sir Robert. Ladbroke,

Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Forester, Mr. Conway, Mr. Upton,

General Jrwine, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Lafcdies, Mr. Hiinter,

Mr. Hujke, Mr. Thynne, Mr. Ridley, Ms.Gajccyne, Mr.

Jackson, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Byde, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Wil-brahamt Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Garth, Mr. Baldzvyn, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Powell, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Coutts, Mr.

West, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Ellis, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Dowdtfwell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Bedford, Bucks, Cambridge, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Robert Ladbroke presented to the House, accorej- Black Frian ing to Order, a Bill for making One or more Road or Roads, from the South End of the Bridge cross the River oa

Thames, from Black Friars, in the City of London, to tpe opposite Shore in the County of Surrey; and for making, widening, and improving, several Communications, between the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for empowering the Trustees for carrying into execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, to make, open, and keep in Repair, and also to watch and light, certain Roads, necessary to open the Communication between Christ Church, near the said Bridge, and the Counties of Surrey, Kent, Suffer, and Southampton; and to keep in Repair, watch, and light, a new Road, from Christ Church to Westminster Bridge: And the same was received* and read the First; Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Chippenham

A Bill for continuing the Terms of several Acts, made

612 i 6° Febru. A. 1760.

in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, and in the Seventeenth and Thirty-fecund Years of his late Majesty, for Tepairing several Roa Is loading from and near Chippenham, and Chippenham Bridge in the County of Wilts ;and for amending the said Acts, and reducing them into One Act of Parliament; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Eduard Bayntun, Mr Harris, Mr. Jackfan, Mr. Mr.

Upton, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Ridley, Mr Mr.

Edmonflone, Lord George Mr. Brand, Mr.

Burrell, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Nr. Garth, Mr.

White, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Powell, Mr. Bootle, Sir William Baker, Mr. Jennings, Sir Roger Mr. Ellis,

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Mr.

Whately, Sir James Lang, Sir Joseph Maze bey, Sir Hugh Dalrymple, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Staunton, Mr.

Mr. Rigby, Mr. Forrcjler, General Mr.

Mr. Prejiott, Mr. Onglcy, Sir Edmund Lord

Mexborough, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Morton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wills, Berks, Somerset and

Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Seend, Sir Edward Bayntun reported from the Committee, to

&c. whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an

Road. Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, to Beckington, in the County of 1 Somerset;and for repealing so much of an Act, made in

the same Year, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, as relates to the Road from a Place in Trrnvle Bridge Lane to Midford, and from

Freshford,to Halts Clcf in Limpley Stoke; and for amending the said Roads, and also several other Roads leading from or near the Roads included in the said Acts; was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Dunbar; A Bill for the better supplying the Town of Dunbar supplying it with fresh Water, was read a Second Time, with Water. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hugh Dalrymple, Mr. Edmonflone, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr.

Harvey, SirRoberlLadbroke, Mr. Blflickstone, Mr Lord Clare, Mr. Lascelles, Kir. Fonnereau, Mr. Seymour Mr. Burrell, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Mr. Bull,

Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Brand, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Mr.

Prescott, Lord Palmerston, Mr. Sir Jure

Mr. Clayton, Mr. 77 unlowMr. Hopkins, Mr. White, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Burt, Mr. Calc raft, Mr.

rner, Sir William Baker; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Diltrcfled A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors, confined in

Debtori. His Majesty’s Goal of And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the Prisoners whose Names are thereunto subscribed, confined for Debt in Newgate in the City of Bristol.

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Dillrefs: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for M&wf further continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of 1 Iis Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render ^a, CUUL more effectual in His Majesty’s Dominions in America,

An Act passed in this present Se.fiou of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Defcrtion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that the Lord Barrington, Mr. Brad/haw, and Mr. Gore, do prepare, and brin£ in, the fame.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that John Rnj-nolds, who upon Friday last was ordered to he taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, anti with respect to whom this House Ycller-day addressed His Majesty, had surrendered himself to him bill Night; and that the said John Reynolds is now in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said John Reynolds be now brought to the Bar of this House.

And the said John Reynolds was brought to the Bar accordingly^ and upon being afleed by Mr. Speaker, why he had not attended this House, pursuant to (he Order of Thursday last;

He said he was out of Town, when the Order was left at iiis House.

Then so much of the Minutes of the Evidence, that had been given to the House by Mr. Robert Withy and Mr. Farrer, as related to the said Reynolds, being read to him; he said, in Answer thereto, he could not convict himself.

And then he was directed to be taken from the Bar.

Ordered, That the said John Reynolds be continued in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and that he be brought up upon Thursday Morning next, in order to his making his Defence with respect to the several Matters contained in the said Evidence.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Withy do attend this House, upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr.----- Cou do attend this

House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr.----- Farrer do attend this

House, at the same Time.

A Petition of Joseph Hickey was presented to the D<* House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is now a Prisoner in the Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House, for having been guilty of a corrupt Attempt to obtain a Seat in this House, for a Client, by whom be was employed; and that the Petitioner is highly lenlible of the Heinousness of hisOlfence, and moll unfeignedly sorry for the fame; and representing to the House, that the Continuance of his Confinement may be of very ill Consequence to many of his Clients, by whom he is employed in divers Suits and other Bnlmefs; and that the Petitioner will for the future be very careful of not incurring the Censure of this House: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioner into Consideration, and order him to be discharged.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Joseph Hickey be brought to the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning, in order -to his being discharged;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^*1} 39-

TeHers for the NoSgSP* } 7*

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the several Orders of the Day, for the Attendance of Mr. J. Wilkie, Mr. William Taylor, Mr.

John Whitworth, and Mrs. Elizabeth be now

read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered,


8 Geo. III.

Ordered, That the said J. Wilkie, do attend this House, upon 77 uirJ’JayMorning next.

Ordered, That the said William Taylor do attend this House at. the same Time.

Ordered, That the said John do attend

this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That the said Elizabeth Slaincir do attend this House, at the same Time.

Elections. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further and more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for more effectually securing the Freedom of Elections, and Use Independence of Parliament;

Privilege. \ And a Complaint being made to the House, by a Member of the House, against the Reverend James lien net. Clerk, for divers corrupt and dangerous Practices relative to the ensuing Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough o in

the County of Suffolk;

Ordered, That the said James Bennet do attend this House, upon this Day Sevennight, to answer the said Complaint.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Osborne, of Baud fa), in the County of Suffolk, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas of Baudfey

aforesaid, do attend this House, at the same lime.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Bead, of Aldborough, aforesaid, a Riding Officer of the Customs, do attend th is House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further and more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in' the said Bill, for more effectually securing the Freedom of Elections, and the Independence of Parliament.

Resolvedj\hat this House will, upon Friday Morning next resolve itself into aCommiitee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Tire other Order of the Day being read.

Whale lie/cited, That this House will, upon Th u if day Morn-iifliery. ing next> refol ve itself into a Committee of the whole l louse, to consider of the Keport, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Tradesmen of the Port of Liverpool, on behalf of themselves, and more particularly of tiiofe concerned in the Whale Fishery to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent; and also, the Petition of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland,met at Edinburgh, the 17th Day

of December 1767; and also, the Petition of several Merchants, His Majesty’s British Subjects, concerned in the Whale Fishery, on behalf of themselves, and others, concerned in the said Fishery; were severally referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 17* \

Anno 8° Georgii III'" Regis, 1768.

P it a. v r. It s.

Grefliam rI'M! E Eord North presented to the House, by His College. Majesty’s Command, Agreement with the City of London and G ?e/7<i<7M Committee, and Stamp Brovkjbank, VOL. 3!.

613

Esquire, dated xoth December 1767, together with Three Papers, intituled,

N° 1. Consent of Six Lecturers to Gresham College Bill.

N° 2. Consent of Benjamin Half ax, B. D. to Gref-ham College Bill.

N° 3. Consent of Almfmen to Gresham College Bill.

And the Titles of the said Papers wrere read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

liejblved. That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refol ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Papers.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Trmfportaioii Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Qre^jecs An Act for the more speedy and effectual Transportation of Offenders.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 33. Leave out "Offenders" and insert"Of- '

fender."

1. 35. Leave out " they are" and insert " he " or flie is."

Pr. 2. 1. 5. After " him" insert " or her."

1. 10. Leave out " Offenders" and insert " Offender."

Pr. 3. 1. 13. Leave out " Offenders" and insert " " Offender."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, accord- Mutiny ing to Order, a Bill for further continuing an Act of the pjf^ion-Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, America!

An Act to amend and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the Fil’d Time.

Refulved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Intered is con- Pottfmouth cerned in the Bill for the better paving and cleansing the Strewn Streets, and other public Passages, in the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious; which Bill Vfas upon Friday lad read the Fird Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Intered is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think lit.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans Supply Bill)} or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1768, Exchequer was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refol ve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Prise Campbell presented to the FIoufe, according Militia., to Ol der, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day

711 of

16° — 170

6l4 *7° — 18°

o{March 1768: And the same was deceived; and rfcad the Fil’d Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

selections; The House was moved, that an Act, made in the Poll-clerks. Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to lerve in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called England, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend so much of the said Act as relates to Clerks, directed by the saidA6t, to be appointed to take the Poll at such Elections: And that Mr. Ridley, Mr. Upton, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

' Vane, Sir George Savile, Mr. Lafcelks, and Mr. Wilbra-

ham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the u Jt s* Twenty-first Year of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects, against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for quieting the Possessions of the Subject, and for amending and rendering more effectual an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects, against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j ]'*

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read accordingly, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways The other Order of the Day being read 5 and Means. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovisj 18° die Februarii;

Anno 8* Georgii III1" Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

lllackfriar* A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parishes Bridge of Saint George, Saint John, and Saint Mary Mag-

oads# dalen, Bermondsey, in and near the Borough of South-zvark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is depending for making One or more Road or Roads, from the South End of the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Friars, in the City of London, to theoppofite Shore, in the County of Surrey; and for making, widening, and improving several Com-

FebruariiA. 17 6 th

lmmications, between the Cities of LondoJi and tVcfi-.

7n infer, and the Town and Borough of Soul trocar k, and fdr other Purposes; and that the Pt titioners apprehend that the Intentions of the said Bi]J, in owning Com-niunications betw een the Cities London zwui V/rjl-minster, and the Borough of Southwark, would be more completely and fully answered, if an Opening was made from the End of Dog Lane, in Five root Lane, in t he said Parishes of Scfhit John and Saint Mary Magdalen Bermbndfey, along Five Foot Lane, to Stone Bridge iic Bermondsey Street, and from thence through Part of Trotter Alley, in a strait Line cross Snow's Fields, through Blue Maid Alley, into the High Street, in the Borough of Sou t Invar k, as thereby a more easy, convenient, and advantageous Coimnunicarion will be made from Lower Deptford, Rctherhithe, Ber-mondjey, and Saint John's, to the Road intended by the said Bill to be made through Fishmonger Alley, to Black Friars and Westminster Bridges; and that the said Communication may be made at a very easy Expence, and with very little Inconvenience to Individuals: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mawbcy, Mr. Pater-son, Mr. Thrale, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fuller, Lord Ilowe,

Lord George Sackville, Mr. Lafrelles, Mr. Harris, Sir John Gibbons, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Ridley, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Conway, Mr Burrell, Mr.

Morton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Vanjittart, Mr.’

Jackson, Mr. Fonnercau, Mr. Calc raft, General Irzvine,

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Shiffner, Sir Charles Kemys Tynle, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Burt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Suffer, Essex, Middlesex, and Kent; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Blackman BUckfrian Street, Kent Street, Long Lane, Dirty Lane, and Gravel Bridge Lane, in the several Parishes of Saint George and Saint L°ad»* Saviour's Southwark, Newington, and Beimondsey, in the County of Surrey, was also presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and letting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, that, if Power was given in the said Bill for the widening and amending the Road from the South End of Gravel Lane, through Dirty Lane, into Blackman Street, the same would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners and the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made, in the said Bill, for the several Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Carnm navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Firth or River of atlt* Forth, at or near the Mouth- of the River of Carron, K in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of ' 1 Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton ,* and also a collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow: was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz,

Pr. loz, I 10. After " Glasgow" to insert " and for " making a navigable Cut or Ca- <c nal of Communication, from the " Port and Harbour of Bor1 oujtounness, to join the said Canal, at

S Geo. IIL 18 ° Februar615

" or near the Place where it will " fall into the Firth of Forth."

And the said Amendment was,upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to-by the House; and the Bill was JStmcndecl at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title he. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, qrCaual, from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the Rivgr of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfiiot, in the County of Dumbarton; and also a collateral Cut from the same to the City of GInfgciv; and for making a navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication, from the Port and Harbour of Borrow/iounnef', to join the said Canal, at or near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth.

Ordered, That M r. Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, anddcfire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Holford and Mr. Lane:

p;<w, Mr. Speaker,

'Effatw. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting several undivided Parts of divers Baronies, Lands, and Hereditaments, late the Estate of Brice Fisher, Esquire, deceased, situate in the Provinces of South Carolina add Georgia, in America, in Trustees, to be sold, discharged of the Uses of the Will of the said Brice Fisher; and for vesting the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ipperftone A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Incbfure. Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Liberties of Eppersonc, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys, Mr. Harris, Sir William Beauchamp Prottor, Mr. Rtflout, Mr. Milks, M r. Skiff her, Mr. Myddelton, Isis. Montagu, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir Robert Ladbro/ce, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gray, Mr. Morton, Lord Ilonc, Mr. Edmoijtone, Mr. Conway, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bejt, Mr. Lascelles. Sir George Savilte, Mr. Machcor th, Mr. Dyfon,’blr. Fonnereau, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Pennant, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Colonel Amherst, Sir Charles Kemi/s Tynfe; and all the Mem-v hers who serve for the Counties oi Northampton, Licester, Derby, Lincoln, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Abbingdon, Mr. Morton reported from the Committee, to whom

Road ^le for rePa^r>ng and widening the Road from the Mayor's Stone, in Abingdon, in the County of Berks,

through Cumner, to the ancient Horse Road at Sivin-ford, in the said County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w*ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

'Privilege, Ordered, That Mr. John Burzvood, Junior, Riding Officer at Hojeley, in the County of Suffolk, do attend this House, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Vol. 31.

v/ac/cu, That Mr. Thomas Read, of Aldburgh, in the County of Suffolk, do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Hindes, an Officer of the Customs at Aldburgh aforesaid, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Aldrich, Deputy Comptroller of the Customs at Aldburgh aforesaid, do attend this House at the same Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several undivided Parts of divers Baronies, Lands* and Hereditaments, late the Estate of Brice Fisher; Esquire, decekfed, fttuate in the Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, in America, in Trustees, to be sold, discharged of the Uses of the Will of the said . Brice Fisher; and for vesting the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will, was read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, exported from or imported into that Pari of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 1748 to Clirijlmas 1765, being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year and each Place: And also.

An Account of the Number of Gallons of Foreiga Brandy and Rum,separately, together with the Amount thereof in Money, that have been seized and fold, from Midsummer 1764 to Midsummer 1767, at the several Custom-house Sales in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Number of Men employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery from Scotland, for 12 Years last past, distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Whale Fins and Oil imported from America, into that Part of Great Britain calied Scotland, from Christmas 1765 to Clirijlmas 1767; distinguishing each Year: A.nd also,

An Account of the Quantity of Whale Fins imported from Holland into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Clirijlmas 1765 to Christmas 1767; distinguishingeach Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts wrere read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Account of the Produce of the Duty on Wheel Carriages, for Seven Years, from Midsummer 1760 to Midsummer 1767: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Rum <and Brandy imported, from Midsummer 1764 to Midsummer 1767; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Low Wines and Spirits distilled in the whole Kingdom, from Midsummer 1764 to Midsummer 1767; distinguishing each Year; And also.

An Account of the-Number of Gallons of Brandy and Rum, seized and fold in Scotland, at the Excise Sales, with the Money, from Midsummer 1764 to Midsummer 1767.

And then he withdrew.

An

Fisher

Estate.

Ciiftomi

Scotland.

Excise; Scotland.

6i6

18® Februarii. A. 1768,

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

VrderedfYhdXthe said Accounts to lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House*

The said Accounts are preferred-amongst the other Papers of this Session*

Taylors 5 Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, to regulating . whom the Bill to amend an A&, made in the Seventh their Trade. Year of King George the First, intituled, An Act for regulating the Journeymen Taylors within the weekly Bills of Mortality, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One.; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Welwick Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom lntlofure. gjj for djviding and inclosing certain Open Com-irion Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in Welwick and Wee-ton, in the Parish of Welwick, m Holder ness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Robert Bell, Robert Joy, and Wife, who are Owners of 97 Acres and 2 Roods of Land, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Widow Webjler, who is Owner of 26 Acres and 2 Roods of Land, who could tiot be found; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed amount to 1754 Acres, or thereabouts); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereinto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally pqt thereupon, vrere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

?ortfmouth a Bill for fae better paving and cleansing the Streets,

trecu. ^nd other public Passages, in the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious; was read a Second Time.

Refotoed, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Hawke fLord Clare, Vlv. Tozvnjhend, Sir Matthew Fether-Jlonhaugh, Sir JairitSmithy^Ar. Townsend, Mr Stephens, Mr. Wood, Mr. Formercau, Mr. Butler, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Bull, Lord Palmerston, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fty/on, Lord Grey, Mr. Gore, S\r Piercy Brett, Colonel Fitzray, Colonel Barre, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Cooper, Mrr Hajris, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Dundas, Sir George Savile, Mr. Conway, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Bcji, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir Charles Mordauiit, Siv John HyndeColton; and all the Members who fetve for the Counties of Southampton, Suffer, Dorset, Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the 'Speaker’s Chamber.

Mutiny A Bill for further continuing an Act of the Sixth and Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act 5 to wnend and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s

Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole I louse Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Ridley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Law's touching Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called England, as relates to Clerks, directed by the said Act, to be appoined to take the Poll at such Elections: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part o {Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1768, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn*1 ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord Clare, from the Commissioners for Trade American and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to °9n, CJ* their Address to His Majesty of the 27 th Day of March

N° 1. Copy of a Duplicate of a Letter from Michael Franklin, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, to the Ear! oi'Shelburne, dated Halifax, 21st November 1766; encloling,

State of Manufactures carried on in Nova Scotia:

And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Francis Bernard, Esquire, Governor oi'Massachusets Bay, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated Boston, November 15th 1766: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from William Pitkin, Esquire, Governor of the Colony of Connedlicut, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated Hartford, December 5th 1766: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Sir Henry Moore, Governor of New York, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated 12th January 1767:

And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from John Penn, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Penfylvama, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated Philadelphia, January 21st 1767: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Lett er from Horatio Sharpe, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Maryland, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated Annapolis,

9th December 1766; inclosing

Copy of an Address of the House of Delegates, in the Province of Maryland, to the Lieutenant Governor: Aud also,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from Francis Fauquier, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Virginia, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated Williamsburgh, December 17th 1766: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from William Tryon, Esquire, Governor o(North Carolina, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated Brunswick, January.

30th 1767: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from William Tryon, Esquire,

Governor

Private Bu ft riels.

Whale

Piihery.

Privilege.

Greflianj

College.

8 Geo. III. i8° Febrnam. 61

Governor of Worth Carolina, to the Lords CommifHoners for Trade and Plantations, dated Brunswick, February 2d 1767: And also,

1 o. Copy of a Letter from James Wright, Esquire, Governor of Georgia, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated Savannah, November 18th 17Go: And also,

N° 11. Copy of a Letter from James Grant, Esquire, Governor of East Florida, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated Saint Augustine November 25th 1766: And also,

N° 12. Copy ol^a Letter from Mont fort Browne, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of West Florida, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated Pensacola, January 25th 1767.

Together with a Lilt of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, that any private Business may be entered upon after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Tradesmen of the Port of Liverpool, on behalf of them selves, and more particularly of those concerned in the Whale Filliery to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent; and also, the Petition of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, met at Edinburgh, the 17th Day of December 1767; and also, the Petition of several Merchants, His Majesty’s British Subjects, concerned in the V\ hale Filliery, on behalf of themselves, and others concerned in the saidFilhery; were severally referred; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Patajbn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pate?fan reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered/l'iuxt the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Joseph Hickey was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is now a Prisoner in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for having been guilty of a corrupt Attempt to obtain a Seat in this House for a Client by whom he was employed; and that the Petitioner is highly sensible of the Heinousness of his Offence, and unfeignedly sorry for the fame; and representing to the House, that the Continuance of his Confinement will be attended with very ill Consequence to himself and Family; and that the Petitioner has the Conduct of an Opposition to a Bill, now depending in the House of Lords, and committed for Tomorrow, in which he has not been as yet able to instruci his Counsel; and that the Petitioner will he careful fer the future to avoid incurring the Censure of this House: And therefore praying the House to take his same into Consideration, and order him to be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Joseph Hickey be brought to the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Fcfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Vol. 31.

to consider of the several Papers, which were Yesterday presented to the House by the Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, relating to Gresham College, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pale?son reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the I louse will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the several Orders of the Day, for the Attendance of J. Wilkie, William Taylor, John Whit-ivorth, and Elizabeth Slaincir, be now read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

The said J. Wilkie wascalled in to the Bar; and being alkcd whether he knew the Person who brought the Advertisement in the printed News Paper, intituled, " The London Chronicle, from Saturday, December 26, to " Tuesday, December 29, 1767," which was lliewn to the said J. Wilkie, at the Bar of this House, on Tuesday the 9th Day of this Instant February, he said that he had made the moll diligent Inquiry, but neither knew nor could find out who brought the said Advertisement.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Then the said William Taylor, Servant to the said Mr. Wilkie, was called in; and, at the Bar, examined with respect to the said Advertisement.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And the said Jolm Whitworth, a Compositor to the said J. Wilkie, was called in to the Bar, and examined in relation to the said Advertisement.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Then the said Elizabeth Slaincir, Wife to the Person who keeps the Admiralty Coffee House at Charing Croft, was called in; and, at the Bar, informed the House, that Hie keeps the Bar of the Coffee House; that Ihe never received any Letter in consequence of the said Advertisement, nor ever received Directions from any one to take care of Letters directed to J. S; nor did any one ever inquire after any such Letters.

And then ihe was directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That J. Wilkie, having published an Advertisement in The London Chronicle of the 29th Day of December last, reflecting, upon the Honour of this I louse, is guilt}' of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said J. Wilkie be now brought to the Bar of this House, and be, upon his Knees, reprimanded by Mr. Speaker, for his laid Offence.

He was brought in accordingly, and, upon his Knees, reprimanded by Mr. Speaker, and discharged, paying his Fees.

The. House was moved, that the Resolutions of the House, of the 25th Day of November lait, with respect to Evidence to be given to this House, on any Committee thereof, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly; and are as folio weth; viz.

" Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person " hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of " his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Com-<c mittee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, <c or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high " Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmoll Severity agaiult such Offender."

" Rcjolved, That if it shall appear that any Person " hath given false Evidence, in any Cafe, before " this.I ionic, or any Committee thereof, this House 7 S " will

Privilege.

Privilege.

Notice taken of word* . passed between two Members.

Lalebam

Inclosure.

Monopoly of Cattle.

618 18° — 19* Februarii. 1768.

u will proceed with the utmost Severity against such " Offender.*

Ordered, That the several Orders of the Day, for the bringing up o (John Reynolds, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and for the Attendance . of Mr. Robert Withy, Mr. Coulthurst, and Mr. Farrer, be now read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

The said John Reynolds was brought to the Bar.

And the said Mr. Withy, attending according to Order, was called in to the Bar; and examined in Support of the Charge against the said John Reynolds, for being guilty of several corrupt Practices, in relation to several Boroughs; and with respect to several Transactions of Mr. Reynolds in Consequence of the Advertisement put into The Gazetteer and New Daily Adver-tifer of the 4th Day of this Instant February, by the said Mr. Withy.

And the said Mr. Withy was cross-examined by the said Mr. Reynolds.

' And then the said Mr. Withy was directed to withdraw.

And the said Mr. Coulthurst, attending according to Order, was also called in to the Bar; and examined as to the same Matter.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And the said Mr. Reynolds was heard in his Defence.

And then he was directed to be taken from the Bar.

holders of the said County; were severally referred; be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-Supply BUI; ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Exchequer upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1768.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

VznertS) 1 go die Februarii;

Anno 8° Georgii IIP* Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

THE House being moved, in pursuance of the Private Order of Yesterday, that Leave be given to move Bufinefc. the House, this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House, this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That John Reynolds Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House, D*ltt0l

has been guilty of divers corrupt Pra6tices and Negotia- upon Monday next, that any private Business may be tions relative to Elections of Members to serve in Par- entered upon after Two of the Clock, liament, and is thereby guilty of an high and flagrant

Breach of the Privilege of this House. An ingrossed Bill for amending and widening several Bifodp’i

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That the said John Roads leading from the Town of B[/hop's Cajile; and Gallic jReynolds be for his said Offence committed to His Ma- from Montgomery, to the Turnpike Road at Westbury; jesty’s Goal of Nezvgate-, and that Mr. Speaker do issue and from Brocton, to the Turnpike Road at Minsterley, his Warrants accordingly. in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgo-

A Motion was made, and the Question proposed, may; was read the Third Time, that an humble Address be presented to His Ma- The Amendment following was proposed to be made jesty, that He will be graciously pleased to direct the to the Bill; viz.

Attorney General to prosecute the said John Reynolds Pr. 21. 1. 21. After " Cattle* to insert " Sheep.*'

for his said Offence; And the said Amendment was, upon the Question

And Notice being taken of some Words of Heat put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill having passed in the Debate between Mr. Eliah Harvey was amended at the Table accordingly, and Mr. Luttrell5 Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Mr. Speaker, by Direction of the House, required be, An Act for amending and widening several Roads them to Hand up in their Places, and give the House leading from the Town of Bishop's Cajtle-, and from an Assurance that the Matter should go no farther. Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at Westbury; and And the said Members severally stood up in their from Brotton to the Turnpike Road at Mi?ifterley; in the Places, and allured the House that the Matter should several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery. go no farther. Ordered, That Mr. Clive do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Orders of the Day be now read.

And the Order of the Day being read accordingly, Ordered, That Mr. James Stimfon, Mailer of a Vessel Pririlige. for taking into Consideration the Report from the Com- of Aldborough, in the County of Suffolk, do attend this mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the House, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Open Fields and Commons, in the Manor of Laleham, Ordered, That George Martland, of Greenwich Hof-

in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey was com- pital, do attend this House, at the same Time, mitted;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Con- An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Seend, lideration upon this Day Sevennight. an A6l,made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of &c.

his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing The other Orders of the Day being read; the Road from the Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend,

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to in the County of Wilts, to Beckington, in the County of whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Graziers, and Somerset; and for repealing so much of an Act, made others. Feeders of Cattle, of the Eallem Part of the in the same Year, for repairing several Roads in the County of Somerset, at a numerous Meeting held at Counties of Wilts and Somerset, as relates to the Road Few///, in the said County, the 8 th Day of 1768; from a Place in Trowle Bridge Lane, to Midford, and

and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Graziers, and from Frejhford to Hall's Cloje in Limpley Stoke; and for others. Feeders of Cattle, in the County of Dorset, at amending the said Roads, and also several other Roads a very numerous Meeting held at Sturminster Neroton leading from or near the Roads included in the said Castle, in the said County, the Thirteenth Day of Janu~ Acts; was read the Third Time. ary 1768; and also the Petition of the Justices of the The Amendments following were severally proposed Peace assembled at their General Quarter Session for the to be made to the Bill; viz.

County of Somerset, and of the Gentlemen of the Grand Pr, 52.1. 2. After " and* to insert " by and with the Inquest, and of other Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- u Chnfent of Two or more Justices

20 r "of

Welwick

Inclosure.

Norwich

Theatre.

Lakenheath

inclosure.

8 Geo. III. 1Pehruarii.

" of the Peace,' for the respective County, " acting in their Petty Sessions, signified " under their Hands and Seats, and not " otherwise."

1. 3. After "down" to insert " any Timber " Trees, and that it shall be lawful for " such Surveyor or Surveyors, from " Time to Time, to.*

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the I louse; and the Pill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-lifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, to Beckingfon, in the County of Somerfil; and for repealing lo much of an Act made in the same Y'ear, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, as relates to the Road from a Place in Trozvle Bridge Lane, to Mid ford, and from Frcfhford to Hall's Close, in Limpley Stoke; and for amending the said Roads, and also several other Roads leading from or near the Roads included in the said Acts.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Bayntnn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in Wei-tvick and Weeton, in the Parish of Welwick, in Holder-ness, in the Ealt Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in Welxcick and Weetcn, in the Parish of Welwick, in Holderness, in the Ealt Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That M r. Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for licensing a Playhouse within the City of Norwich, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Richard JVarzuick Bampfylde, Sir John Delocal, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Boone, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Campbell, Colonel Amherfi, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Dyfon, Sir Edward Bayntnn, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Conzvay, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Morton, Mr. AH lies, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fitzhej'bert, SirJohnIIynde Cotton, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Harris, Lord Clare, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Pitt, Mr. DowdeJ'well; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, Cambridge, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parishes of Lakenheath and Brandon, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Harris, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Burrell, Mr. DowdeJ'well, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Anthony Bacon, Mr. Paterjon, Mr. Pitt, Sir Henry Bridge man, Mr. Cocks, Lord Conyngham, Mr. Dyfon, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir George Savile, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Grosvenor, Sir Richard Warzvick Bampfylde, Mr. Bindley, Mr Upton, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Spicer, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Morton, Mr. Howard, Mr. Bejt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, Cambridge, Essex, Bedford, Bucks, Huntingdon, and Lincoln; And they are to meet this

Vol. 31.

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mary le Bone for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year Streets* of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly1 Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages* and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor within the Parish of Saint Alaiy le Bone, in the County of Middlesex; and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Shoreditch to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts to passed for repairing the Road leading from the Stones End,in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shored itch, in the County of MiddleJ'e.r, to the farthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Chef hunt, in the County of Hertford, and for amending the Road from the Watch-house in Edmonton, to the Market Place, in Enfield, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Huddersfield, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amend- R&c* ing, the Road from Huddersfield, in the West Riding of °a ’ the County of York, to Woodhead, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from thence to a Bridge over the River Alerjey, called Enterdough Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lirrcm for dividing and inclosing several Stinted Pastures within inclosure. the Township of Litton, in the Parish of Arncliffe, in the County of York, without any Amendment: And &lfo,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Thomas's enable Reynold Thomas, an Infant, and his Heirs, to Name, take and life the Surname of Deere, pursuant to the Will of Reynold Deere, deceased,to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for fkz Gerald’s making the Exemplification of the last Will of Richard Name. Fitz-Gerald, Esquire, deceased. Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity, in Great Britain and Ireland, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Edwardes’, , establishing and confirming Articles of Agreement, &c* dated 31st of March 1767, between the Honourable grecment* William Edivardes, Rowland Edwardes, John Ozven Edwardes, Esquires, and the Right honourable Henry Lord Holland, concerning the Manor of Abbots Kenfing-ton, and divers Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the Ptfrish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex; and for veiling such Manor, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Trail, to sell and convey the same to the said Henry Lord Holland; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and confirming Articles of Agreement, dated 31st of March 1767, between the Honourable William Edzoardes, Rowland Edwardes, John Ozven Edwardes, Esquires, and the Right honourable Henry Lord Holland, concerning the Manor of Abbots Kenfing-ton, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex; and for vesting such Manor, Lands, and Hereditaments in Trust, to sell and convey the same to the fai& Henry Lord Holland; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved\

620 19° Febru . 1768.

Rejoiced\ That the Bill be read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Thomas's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Name. eiiakJe Reynold Thomas, an Infant, and his Heirs, to

take and use the Surname of Deere, pursuant to the Will of Reynold Deere, deceased, was read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ashbydela Sir Edward Baynlun reported from the Committee,

IrKtofure to w^oin t^ie for dividing and ineloling several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except John Ragg and Thomas Hart ill, who are possessed of 14 Acres and 2 Roods of Land in the said Fields, who, being applied to, refilled to sign the Bills and that the whole of the Lands and Commons intended to be inclosed, confill of 1,040 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was di(agreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Fitz-Gersld’s An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Will. for making the Exemplification of the last Will of Richard Fitz-Gerald, Esquire, deceased. Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wavertrcc A Petition of Thomas Plinnbe, Esquire, a considerable inclosure. pr0prjetOr of Copyhold Lands in Wavertree, in the Pa-rifli of Childwall, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is ordered to be brought into the House, for incloiing the several Commons, or Moss and Waste Lands, within Wavertree aforesaid, and dividing the fame; and that, as the said Bill is now drawn, the Petitioner apprehends, there are some Parts thereof which materially affect his Interest and Property in the said Lands: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect his Property.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referrdd to the Confuleration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and ineloling several Commons and 'Waite Grouqds, within the Manor of Wavertree, in the Pa-rilli of Childwall, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his said Petition, if lie thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Induction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Duchy of Sir Edxcard Bayntun presented to the House, accord-Cornwall ing to Ordor, a Bill to enable. His Majesty to make ea n^* Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands, and ! le-reditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

16

A Petition of William le March ant, Esquire, Agent for the Island of Guernsey, was presented to the House, and read; Stating the Hardships which, the Petitioner alleges, the Inhabitants, and the Trade and Navigation of that Bland labour under, in consequence of a Clause in an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His prefect Majesty, by which it is enacted, That neither the Allowance of £. 12 per Cent, theretofore granted, nor any other Allowance, for Leakage upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, lliould be made, unless such Wines be imported directly from the Country or Place of the Growth of the said Wine, or the usual Port or Place of its first Shipping, except only Madeira Wines, imported from any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, or from the East Indies; and reprefeming to the House, that, although the said Clause has, in its Consequences, proved so very prejudicial to the said Bland of Guernsey, yet, it is not likely to be of any Benefit to the Revenue of this Kingdom, as will appear from a Report of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs, made to the Lords Commissioners of FI is Majesty’s Treasury, on the 27th March 1766, v.herein they give their Opinion, " That the said Clause with respect to the " Blands of Guernsey and Jerj'ey ought to be repealed: " And therefore praying. That a Clause may be inserted in some Bill, for allowing the said £. 12 per Cent, for Leakage on Wines brought into this Kingdom, from the Blands of Guernsey and Jerj'ey, in like Manner as the same had been used to be allowed before the passing of the said Act of the Fourth Y'ear of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confuleration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing an Act of the Sixth Y'eur of Flis Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed ill this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, rejiorted from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whbm the Petition of the Merchants and Tradesmeu of the Port of Liverpool, 6n Behalf of themselves, and more particularly of those concerned in the W hale Fishery to Greenland, Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent; and also the Petition of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, met at Edinburgh, the 17th Day of December 176 7; and also the Petition of Ibveral Merchants, llis Majesty’s British Subjects, concerned in the Whale Fishery, on Behalf of themselves; and others concerned in the said Fishery; had been federally referred; the Refoiution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House 3 which he read in his

Place;

G ernfey Trade.

Mutiny

and Desertion j America.

Whale

Fishery.


Gresham

College.

Wayt and Means.

Supply BUI; Exchequer Bills.

8 Geo. Ill

— 22° Februarii. 621

Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: AVlmre the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

/I ( <7, i hat it is the Opinion of this Committee, hint an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Hr* prcleu' Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing several Acts of Parliament made for the Encouragement of the Vv hale Fiihory, carried on by His Majesty’s Sub-4K*fts 'whieh was to be in Force until the 25II1 Day of Jinrrnb r 1 767, and t o the End of the then next Session o» Parliament, be further continued until the 25th Day of Derev 1770. and from thence to the End of the jiext Session of Parliament.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House viftll please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Quel!ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fnant to the said Reiblntion: And that Mr. Pennant, the I vOrdOret;, Mr. Paterson, Sir William Meredith, Mr. \Vdbmham Bootle, and Mr. Pryfe Campbell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee, of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the fereral Papers, which were presented to the House, upon Wedmflay hill, by the Lord XortJi, by His Majesty’s Command, relating to Gresham College, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provihon be made, lbr defraying the Expence of cariying into Execution, an Agreement made between the Corporation of the Citv of London, and the Company of Mercers within the said City, on the one Part, and the Commissioners of Excite on the other, for establishing a general Office of Excise, at a Place commonly culled Gresham College, within ihe laid City.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Questiou put thereupon, agreed to by the I Ioufe.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Paterson, the Lord North, Mr. Onslow 9 Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Mr. Jenkhfon, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Coopery and Mr. Bradjhazv, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjournment. House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next

A

Joseph Hickey was, according to Order, brought to the A Person Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand* reprimanded, from Mr. Speaker, and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Election*. whole House, upon the Bill for the further and more effectually preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Flection of Members to ierve in Parliament.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Cormcall took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And Notice being taken, that 40 Alembers were not present;

The House was told by Air. Speaker, and there not being 40 Members present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House- was adjourned by Air. 'Speaker (without a Question first put) till Monday Alornfng next. Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing* the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itleif into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

?vlr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker returned Ihe Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

ReJhived. That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coulider further of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by ' Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1 yh8, bo now read,

Vol. 31.

Lu?uz> 2 2° die Februarii \

Anno 8° Georgii IIIUi Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

THE House being moved, in pursuance of the Private _ Order of Friday fail, that Leave be given to move Business. the House this Day, that any Private Business might be entered upon in the House this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any Private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

An ingrafted Bill for dividfng and inclosing the Open Normanton Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, in Inclosrtre* the Parish of Normanton next Derby, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Common Meadows, and CommonPailures, in the Parish of Normanton next Derby, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, >j<,rth Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of North Burton 7 T Burton> Inclosure.

Slack Friars Bridge Hoads.

Sh ebb ear, Land Tax Assessment.

6 22 2 2 °Februarii. 1768.

Burton, otherwise Burton Flemming, in the County of York> was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Scivile, Mr. Cafioall, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Tudzvay, Mr. West, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gulftone, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Laf-celles, Mr. Brandy Lord Brozvnlow Bertie, Mr. Mack* worth, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Montaguy Mr. 5?///, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Walpole, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Mr. Pent on, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Drake, Mr. Waller, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Fuller, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Gr^y, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde; and all the Members whoservefor the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: and they are to meet this* Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the principal Land Owners, and Proprietors of Estates, in the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for making One or more Road or Roads, from the South End of the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Friars, in the City of London, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey; and for making, widening, and improving, several Communications between the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Town and Borough of Southwark, and for other Purposes; and that several of the Provisions and Claufps in the said Bill will, if passed into a Law, be extremely prejudicial to the Estates and Interei s of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill, as may affect them; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making One or more Road or Roads, from the South End of the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Friars, in the City of London, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, and for making, widening, and improving, several Communications, between the Cities of Londim and Westminster, and the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for impowering the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, to make, open, and keep in Repair, and also to watch and light, certain Roads, necessary to open the Communication between Christ Church, near the said Bridge, and the Counties of Surrey, Kent, Suffer, and Southampton’, and to keep in Repair, watch, and light, a new Road, from Christ Church, to Westminster Bridge; be read a Second Time.

aftefted in 1693 in the Sum of £.234. 12 s. of which £.3. 12s. was aftefted on Personal Estates; the Parish of Northam, in the said Division, was aliened in £. 324. 8 d. of which £.30. 8 s. was aftefted on Personal Estates; and the Parish of Ware Giffard was aftefted in £. 93. 6 s. of which £. 3. was aftefted on Personal Elftates; that soon after that Time, the Inhabitants, in the said respective Parishes of Buckland Brewer, Northam, and Ware Giffard, who were aftefted for their Personal Estates, died, leaving no Personal Estate to continue the said AftelT-ment, whereby the saidParishioners were unable to raise the said respective Sums, and accordingly reduced the said Assessments of the said Tax, on the said Parishes; viz. Buckland Brewer to £.231; Northam to £. 321; and Ware Giffard to £.90. 6 s.; at which Rate, or in Proportion thereto, the said respective Parishes have, for more than Sixty Years, been aftefted, and by this Means, as the Petitioners have found, there hath also been an annual Deficiency in the Sum upon the whole Division; and that by an Act, made in 1747, all Arrears of Land Tax were generally remitted, and forgiven to that Time; and that the said Mode of Assessment having subsisted for near Sixty Years, without Objection, the Petitioners were greatly surprised, when they were given to understand, that there was a considerable Arrear of Tax due from the said Division; and that, being returned insuper thereon into the Court of Exchequer, in or about Trinity Term, 1764, Process had issued for the fame, out of the said Court, and therein the said Arrears are charged to the said Division, or Hundred, at large, correspondingwiththesaidoriginalAfleftinent in 1693; and that the Petitioners are willing to make good, in future, the Quota originally aftefted on the said Division; but the raising the said Arrears will be attended with great Hardship to such of the Petitioners on whom such Burthen shall fall, in regard that the Petitioners have already regularly discharged the several Payments with which they have been respectively aftefted, and which have been as high or higher, than most of their Neighbours, in that Part of the Kingdom, the said Town of Bideford in particular, and the said other Parishes at present have very few Inhabitants capable of bearing any Charge, in respect of their Personal Estate; and much the greatest Part of the Petitioners, as well those whose Lands lie within the said Town, as those within the said Division at large, have become Purchasers, for a valuable Consideration, of their respective Properties, within the said Division and Town, without the least Knowledge, or Notice, that the same were liable to such Arrears of Land Tax: And therefore praying the House to take the said same into consideration, and to grant unto the Petitioners such Relief therein, as the Nature of the same requires, and as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Leaseholders, House holders, and other Inhabitants, of the North Division of Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, reported from the Kingstoa

the Hundred of Shebbear, in the County of Devon, was Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and upon Thames presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, render more effectual, and to enlarge the Term and Road* by the First Act for laying aTax upon Land and other Powers granted by, an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Estates, in the Reign of King William, the Town and Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, so far as the said Port of Bideford, Part of the said Division, being in a Act relates to the repairing and widening the Road from flourishing Condition, the said Division was aftefted at the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of the Sum of£. 2670. 14 s'. 8d. and the Proportion there- Surrey, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near Petersfield, of to be paid by the faicUTown and Port was^.823. in the County of Southampton, was committed. That the ns. 6d.; of which £.22 6. 145*. 6 d. was aftefted on Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Personal Estates; that, soon after that Time the Trade found the same to be true; and that the Committee had and Credit of the said Town and Port began to decline; gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments and in or about 1706, the Commissioners of the Land thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Tax, acting for that Division, reduced the Assessment House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af-on the said Town to £.695. 17$.; at which Rate, or terwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at in Proportion thereto, the said Town has been ever since the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once aftefted, and paid; and by this Means, as the Petition- read throughout; and then aSecondTime, One by One; ers have lately found, there has been an annual Deft- and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were ciency in the Sum upon the whole Division; and that with several Amendments to One of them, agreed toby the Parish of Buckland Brewer, in the said Division, was the House.

1 Order ed9

8 Geo. III. 22° Februarii. 623

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Little An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Slimy Fields*, Meadows, Waste, and other Commonable Lands,

u,e* lying within the Manor or Liberty of Little Sheepy, in the County of Leicester, was read a Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Fields, Meadows, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, lying within the Manor or Liberty of Little Sheepy, in the County of Ijeicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Selkirk Mr. Pringle reported from the Committee, to whom Road*. g-|j for repa*,ring several Roads leading through the County of Selkirk, was committed, That the Committee Had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then aSecondTime, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Stockport Mr. Wilbraham, reported from the Committee, to Chtpel. whom the Bill for making a Chapel lately erected by William Wright% Esquire, in the Township of Stockport, and County and Diocese of Chester, a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and for endowing the fame, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards d: 1 i vered the Bill, with t he Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Whale Mr. Pennant presented to the House, according to Fitheiy. Order, a Bill for the further continuing several Acts of Parliament, made for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by His Majesty’s Subjects; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Taylors; An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the regulating Seventh Year of King George the First, intituled, An their Trade. Act for regulating the Journeymen Taylors within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of King George the First, intituled, An Act for regulating the J ourneymen Taylors within the Weekly Bills of Mortality.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Ladbroke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Black Friars A Bill for making One or more Road or Roads, from Bridge the South End of the Bridge cross the River Thames, Roads. from Black Friars, in the City of London, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey; and for making, widening, and improving several Communications, between the Cities of London and Wepninster, and the

VOJL. 31.

Town and Borough of Southwark; and for impowering the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, to make, open, and keep in Repair; and also, to watch and light, certain Roads, necessary to open the Communication between Christ Church, near the said Bridge, and the Counties of Surrey, Kent, Sussex, and Southampton, and to keep in Repair, watch, and light, a new Road, from ChHfi Church to Westminster Bridge; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Ladbroke, the Lord Mayor of London, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Ridley, Lord Howe, Mr. Pater-/on, Mr. Conway, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr.

Montagu, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Burrell, Sir Francis Vincent,

Mr. Byde, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Tozvnjhend, Mr. Plumer,

Mr. Bull, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Burke, Mr. Mackworth, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr.

Garth, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Bindley, Mr.

Drake, Lord Verney, Mr. Baco?i, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Waller,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Hujke, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Ongley; and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and ’ the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, Kent, Sussex,

Bucks, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the principal Land Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, this Day presented to the House, and ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill should be read a Second Time, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, Willoughtoa to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Incloiurc. Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Willoughton, in the County of Lincoln, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and t hat the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; (except

Thomas Dunn, William Rowe, and ----- Purven, who are possessed of about Sixty-one Acres of Lands in the said Fields, and who could not be found; and that the whole Lands intended to be inclosed consist of more than 1,900 Acres); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be~ ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. George Crabbe do attend this Privilege. House, Tomorrow Morning.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Snainton whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Grounds, within the Township of Snainton, in the Parishes of Brompton and Ebberfton, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; that no Counsel appeared on behalf of the Petition of William Cowton,

Walter

Distressed

Debtors,

Ditto.

Abingdon

&c.

RoaJ.

Derby

Taving.

Hlhec's Dll a ter.

624 22° Februarii. A. 1768.

Walter Tutor and GuartL’an for Allan- for. vesting several undivided Parts of divers Baronies,

Jim, an Infant, Robert Baker, and others, whose Names Lands and Hereditaments, lalethe Estate of Brice Fi/her, are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors Esquire, deceased, lituate in the Provinces of South Caro-of Lands and Tenements, within the Township of Snain- lina an dGeorgia, mAmericafm Trustees, to be sold, dif-ton, in the Parishes of Brompton and Ebberston, in the charged of the Uses of the W ill of the said Brice Fi/her;

North Riding of the County of York, to them referred; and for vesting the Money arising by such Sale in the and that the Committee had examined the Allegations Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, in that Part of of the Bill, , and found the same to be true; and that Great Britain called England, to be settled to the Uses the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the of the said Will; was read a Second Time.

Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gascoyne, Proprietors of Three Common Right Cottages or Front- Mr. Ryder, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Tozcnjhend, Mr.

Head?, and Eight Oxgangs of Land, who did not sign Yorke, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sandy s, Sir Charles the Bill; and that the whole of the Lands intended to Kemys Tynte, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Shifner, Mr. Mackzvorlh, he iqclosed, coniift of 104 Oxgangs, and 78 Common Mr. Burton, Mr. Filzherbert, Mr. lane, Mr. Gray, Sir Right Cottages, or Frontlleads); and that the Com- Charles Hardy, Sir George Savile, Mr. Kynaston, General mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Invine, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Clive, Mr. Founereau, Lord Amendments thereunto5 which they had directed him Clare, Sir Jarril Smith, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Dowdeswell, to report to the House; and he read the Report Sir William Baker, Mr. Rchozv, Mr. Aufrerc, Sir Mer-in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the rick Burrell, Mr. Burrell, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Clive, Mr. Townshend; and all the Members who serve Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Lincoln, Durham,

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lan-ieverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. caster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, ingrossed.:

A Bill to explain, and amend, so much of an Act, Elions; A Petition of the poor Prisoners, confined for Debt, passed in the 18th Year of his late Majesty King Clerks, in the County Gaol o I Southampton, in the City o fJFin- George the Second, intituled, An Act; to explain and chester: And also, amend the Laws touching Elections of Knights of the

A Petition of the Prisoners, confined for Debt, in Shire, to serve in Parliament, for that Part of Great the Gaol of Dorchester ,* Britain, called England, as relates to Clerks, directed

Were-severally presented to the House, and read; by the said Act, to be appointed to take the Poll at lueh.

Complaining of their Distress: And praying Elections, w as read a Second 1 hue.

Relief. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee to lie upon the Table. of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVednifday An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Morning next, reiolve it fell into a Committee of the from the Mayor's Stone, \n Abingdon, in the County of whole House, upon the said Bill.

Berks, through Ctimner, to t he ancient Horse Road at

Swinford, in the said County, was read the Third Time. An ingrossed Bill for opening certain Passages, and Shoreditch

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title for paving the Streets and other Places, in the Parish trcets*

be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, the Mayor's Stone, in Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and foy preventing Annoyances therein, was read the througitCw7w??^r,to the ancient Horse Road at &d;?/brr/, Third Time.

in the said County. The Amendment following was propofqd to be made

Ordered, That Mr. Morton do carry the Bill to the to the Bill; viz.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. / Pr. 2.1. 25. After c< Webbf to insert " William Majk-

" ally

Mr. Filzherbert reported from the Committee, to And the said Amendment ivas, upon the Question whom the Bill for felling Part of a Green, called Nuns put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill Green, in the Borough of Derby in the County of Derby, was amended at the Table accordingly, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof, in the Improvement of the remaining Part of be, An Act for opening certain Passages, and for paving the said Green,andi’or other Purposes therein mentioned, the Streets and other Places, in the Pari (h of Saint wras committed, That the Committee had examined the Leonard Shoreditch, in the Cou nty of Middlesex, and for Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; preventing Annoyances therein.

and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the

to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

67 Persons, who have Right of Common upon the said

Green; and that the whole Number of Persons entitled Mr. Filzherbert reported from the Committee, to Littleover to Right of Common upon the said Green are about whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, nc 0 urc* 450); and that no Person appeared before the Com- Waste Grounds, Open Fields, Common Meadows, and mittee, to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had Common Pastures, in the Liberty of Littleover, within gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments the Parish of Mickleover, in the County of Derby, was thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the committed, That the Committee had examined the Al-House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Four Persons, who would not iign the Bill, or could not One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, be found, whose Property, as taxed to the Land Tax, is were agreed to by the House. 14.?. d. and the Property of the Persons who have

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- signed the Bill, as assessed to the Land Tax, is £. 17. grofted. 16 s. 3%d.) and that the Committee had gone through

the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto;

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act which they had directed him to report to the Houle; and ll he

.8 Geo. III.

22° Februarii. 645

he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Duchy A Bill to enable His Majesty to make Leases, Copies, Cornwall ancj Qrants of Offices, Lands and Hereditaments, Par-ca ns* cel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Poor Laws. Mr. Qnfert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relative to the Poor of this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr.Paterson presented to the House, according to Order* a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities, and a Lottery attended with Annuities, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for carrying certain Duties on Wines, and on Cyder and Perry, granted by Two Acts of the Third and Sixth Years of ' the Reign of His present Majesty, to the Sinking Fund:

And the same was received; and read the First Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Redemption Mr. Paterson presented to the House, according to bf certain Order, a Bill for redeeming the Remainder of the Joint nnuiues. Gf Annuities, established by an Act, made in the

Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties: And the same was re-7 1 ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Gresham Mr. Pryfe Campbell presented to the House, accord-College. ing to Order, a Bill for carrying into Execution, an Agreement made between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers, of the said City, and Stamp Brookjbank, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, for the Purchase of Grefiam College, and the Ground and Buildings thereunto belonging; and for veiling the fame, unalienably, in the Crown, for the Purpose 4>f erecting and building an Excise Office there: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Privilege. A Petition of the Reverend James Benett, Clerk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner hath been served with an Order to attend the House Tomorrow, to answer to a Complaint made against him, by a Member of the House, for divers corrupt and dangerous Practices, relating to the en filing Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of Suffolk s and that the Petitioner, not having to his Knowledge ever done or said any Thing which can deserve the Censure of this House, is exceedingly

Vol. 3f.

alarmed at this Attack upon his Character and good Name; and although he lies under great Disadvaotage in making his Defence, yet he*wishes without Delay to submit his Conduct to the Judgment of the House, trusting that his Character will thereby be freed from the said Afpcvfion; and that the Petitioner js wholly unacquainted with Proceedings of this Nature, apd unable to make his Defence without the Assistance of Counsel; And therefore praying, That he may be allowed Counsel, to make his Defence.

Ordered, That the Petitioner be admitted to be heard, at the Bar of this House, by his Counsel, upon the Matter of the Complaint made against him by a Member of this House.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard in Support of the said Complaint.

Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Mutiny Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for De^ion. further continuing an A6i of the Sixth Year of His America/ Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Armyand their Quarters, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order; reported from the s"Pp!y BlB; Committee of the whole House, to whom the fell for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1768, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had m^ide to the Bill, and which they had directed 1pm to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and aftenyards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Way* and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Mean*

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding One hundred and Six thousand Three hundred and Fifty-eight Pounds, Seventeen Shillings and Eight Pence, out of the Sums received for Provisions delivered to thq Troops serving in North America, and of certain Sums charged on the Pay of the Forces serving at Minorca, the Floridas, and in Africa, and out of the Balance of the Twelve Pence in the Pound Deduction from the Pay of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, from the 25th Day of June 1757, to the 4th Day of December 1767, and also out of the Monies remaining in the Hands of the Earl of Kinnoul, and the Executors of the late gar! of Darlington, and of the late Thomas Potter, Esquire, being Part of the Balances of the said Earls of Darlington and Kinnoul, and Thomas Potter, as Paymasters General of His Majesty’s Forces, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty,

7 U towards

626 22° Februarii. 1768.

towards defraying the extraordinary Expenses of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred to the 25th Day of December 1767, and not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon Tuesday the Ninth Day of this^Infiant February, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, that they do also prepare the said Bill, or One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolution now reported, and agreed to by the Hbufe.

Way* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

‘ MeaD8, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Stamp Duties on Polices of Insurance.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Duties payable on Foul Salt.

Ordered, That it be an-Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of so much of an Act made in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty 'King George the Second, as relates to the Drawbacks and Allowances to be made upon Foreign Liquors exported.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Palerfon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That ' they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Ditto. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Monopoly Ordered, That the Order of the Day for taking into of Cattle. further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Graziers, and others, Feeders of Cattle, of the Eastern Part of the County of Somerset, at a numerous Meeting held at Yeovill, in the said County, the 8th Day of January 1768; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Graziers, and others, Feeders of Cattle, in the County oiDorset, at a very numerous Meeting held at Sturminster Newton Cajile, in the said County, the Thirteenth Day of January 1768; and also the Petition of the Justices of the Peace assembled at their General Quarter Session for the County of Somerset, and of the Gentlemen of the Grand Inquest, and of other Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the said County, were severally referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

20

Resolved, That the said Report be re-committed.

Resolved, That the Report be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Petitions were referred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Gucmfev to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Trade, to consider of the Petition of William le Marchant,

Esquire, Agent for the Island of Guernsey, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Militia, a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1768.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Wir.PryfeCampbell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pryfe Campbell reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A MefTage from the Lords by Mr. Browning and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Artnv; to explain and amend so much of an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, Efubhlhmcot intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for disbanding the Army and other necessary Occasions, as relates to the Number of Troops to be kept upon the Irish Establishment, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act WeWi for providing proper Accommodations for his Majesty’s Session*. Justices of the Great Sessions in Wales, during the Time of holding such Sessions, without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act BuckUnl for repairing and widening the Road from Buckland Dinham, to the End of the Parish of Timsbury, and also the Road from Midsummer Norton, to the End of the Parish of Norton Saint Phillips, and also the Road from Tucker's Grave, to the Road leading from Wellaw, to a Place known by the Name of the Red Pofi, in the County of Somerset, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tttfwoitb for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Com- Inclosure. mon Fields within the Manor or Lordship of Tilf worth, in the County of Bedford, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Woughto# for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common on the Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish nc 0 m'

of Woughton on the Green, in the County of Bucks, without any Amendment: And also.

The

Glasgow Excl.ange, 4 c.

Thetford

Road.

Cononly

Inclosure.

Whale

JFitherJ.

idwardes*

&c.

Agreement.

8 Geo. III. 22® — 23 627

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and widening a Passage, or Street, from the Salt Market Street, in the City of Glasgozv, to Saint Andrezv's Church in the said City; and for enlarging and completing the Church Yard of the said Church 5 and for making and building a convenient Exchange or Square in the said City; and also for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of Glasgozv, and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City, to the Village of Gorbells; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending the Road from Christopher'sBiidge, in the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Suffolk, to the North tail End of the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge, w ithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Ground within the Township and Manor of Cononly, in the Pari 111 of Kildzvick, in the West Riding of the County of Yotk; without any Amendment,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning; Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 30 die Februarii;

Anno 8° Georgii IIIUI Regis, 1768. Prayers.

A Bill for the further continuing several Acts of Parliament, made for the Encouragement of the Whale Fisherv carried on by His Majesty’s Subjects, Was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit* lee of the wdiole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and confirming Articles of Agreement, dated 31st of March 1767, between the Honourable William Edzvardes, Rowland Edwardes, John Owen Edzvardes, Esquires, and the Right honourable Henry Lord Holland, concerning the Manor of Abbots Ken-fington, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex; and for veiling such Manor, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Trust, to sell and convey the same to the said Henry Lord Holland, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, w>as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ellis, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Filzherbert, Lord George Sqckville, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Wy?in, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Penton, Sirv John Wynn, Mr. Gray, Sir Charles Bunbury, Sir Frl la^ Vinctnt, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Holt, Lord Brown-low Mfdie, Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Thomas Frankland, Lord Downe, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Burke, Mr. Vane, Mr. Townshend, Sir George Savile, Lord Howe, Mr. Hemp-Jiff, Mr. Byde, Mr. Luttrell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Bucks, Wilts, Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall; and for South Wales: And they are to meet this Aflerftoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

VOL.31/

An ingrossed Bill for felling Part of a Green, called Derby Nun's Green, in the Borough of Derby, in the County Pavin£* of Derby, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Improvement of the remaining Part of the said Green, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for felling Part of a Green, called Nun's Green, in the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Improvement of the remaining Part of the said Green, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Filzherbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Broivning and Mr* Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Daly's dissolve the Marriage of Charles Daly, Esquire, with Anna Statia Daly, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence o( this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said ingrossed Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Toynfofi mon Fiekls, Cow Pastures, and other Commons and . fljPra Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Toynton supra, ncourc‘ within the Manor of Horn Castle, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord , Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Northey, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Ellis,

Mr. Rigby, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Vane, Lord Downe, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Boone, Mr. Hunter, Mr*

Montagu, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Filzherbert, Mr* Fonnereau, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Cornwall,

Mr. Jackson, Mr* Fuller, Mr. Burke, Mr. Bradjhaxi%

Mr. Byde, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Ongley, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Vernon, Mr*»Harris, Lord Colerainei Mr. Nejbitt, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Lefcelles, Sir Edward Bayntun; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Clayton reported from the Committee, to whom Reading the Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road leading from Reading, in the County of Berks, through Heidey, in the County of Oxford, and Great Marlow, Chipping Wycombe, Agmmdesham, and Cheynes, in the County of Bucks, and Rickmansworth, Waford, and Saint Albans, to Hatfield in the County of Hertford; and also, the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlozo, over Great Marlow Bridge, through By-sham, to or near the Thirty Mile Stone, in the Turnpike Road leading from Maidenhead to Reading; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aflerwrards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Ashhy Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, zouch

within Inclosure*

62.8 ^3° Februa ^4. 1768.

within the Lordship or Liberty of de

in the County of Leicejl was read the Third Time.

Re/blved, That the do pals: And that the title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lord/hip or Liberty of Ashby de la in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Sir Edward do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Lilley Mr. Byde reported from the Committee, to whom OfBev !f,e Bill for dividing- and inclosing the Common Fields, jndofure. and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the

Parishes of Lilley and O in the County of Hertford,

except a certain Sheep Down, commonly called

Jloo,in the said Parish of Lilley, and certain Lands, Part of the salt! Common Fields, lying South Fall of WestLane End, the Mi and Cold's CroJ’s, and North Fait of the Town of Off ley, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Mrs. Percy, Mrs. Swaine, and Eleanor Hobbs, who are possessed of 309 Acres and 2 Roods of Land in the said Fields, and w ho, being applied to, refiifed to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Fields and Grounds intended to be inclosed consist of 1526 Acres;) and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill j and that the Committee had gone through the BUI, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One 5 and, upon the Question severally put there* upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

York Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom Oulfton Bill for amending and widening the Road from the

Road. City of York, to the Top of; and

from the said Road, in Sutton Field, through towards Oulston, to the Extent of the Lordlliip of Craike, in the County of York; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direrted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bt ingrossed.

Morton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Common Fen, in the Par ilh of Morton, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving the said Fen; was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. i, 1. 34. To leave out " the" and insert " a " Farm or Grange, and a " instead thereof; and after " House" to insert " or Houses, Tenement or Tenements."

1. 36. After " Lands" to insert " Farm or " Grange."

I. 37, After " House" to insert " or Houses,

" Tenement or Tenements "

18,

Pf. 9. 1. 6. After " Lands " to insert " and the said " Farm or Grange."

1. 7. After " House " to inlert " or IToufes,

" Tenement or Tenements."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that t he Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Common Fen, in the Paritli of Morion, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving the said Fen.

Ordered, That Lord BroicnlowBertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dclire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing an Art of Mmraf the Sixth. Year of His present Majesty’s lieign, intituled, a'"j An Act to amend and render more effectual, in His Ama-iu. Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further continuing an Art of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more efl'ertual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Art; for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more Kindlon effectual, and to enlarge the T erm and Powers granted by, an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of die Reign of his late Majesty, so far as the said Act relates to the repairing and widening the Road fronvthfe T0W11 of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time. /

The Amendment following was pmoposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

I11 the Lift of Trustees to insert u William Symsi

" Jerome Knapp, Francis Laic fun, Edwards,

" Peregrine Fury, Esquire, Thomas Ma foil,

" Kent, Samuel Wilkinson, John Shrubb, Daniel -

i(Jieldr

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act; to explain, amend, and render more effectual, and to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by, an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majetiv, so far as the said Act relates to the repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near Peters field, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill 7 ¥

to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Art Fitz-G^ for making the Exemplification of the laj*..^ g of " Richard Filz-GeralJ, Esquire, deceased,* F’.-.p ofe in all Courts of Law and Equity, in and

Ireland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Buffet, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Kermis Ti/nlc, Mr,

Fuller, Mr. Baldieyn, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Mr.

Bertie, Sir George Sav He, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Fenner can,

Sir James Long, Lord Grey, Mr. Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Bacon, Mr.7 bwnjhend, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Mr.

Harris, 'Bli.BaterJbn, Mr. Fane, Sir Francis Vincent,

Mr.

8 Geo. III. 23° Februarii. 29

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Burrell, Mr. IFhately, Mr. Foley, Parities of Saint George. Saint John, and Saint Mary

Mr. Seymour, Nr. Culvert, Mr. Coventry, and all the in and near the Borough of

Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in E/J'ex, Kent, Hertford, Surr ey, and Sussex .* And they behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of fire to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the the said Parishes, was referred, That the Committee had Speaker’s Chamber. examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-

rested him to report the same as it appeared to them, B!-Ck Friars Sir Joseph Mawhcy reported from the Committee, to to the Iloufc; and he read the Report in his Place; and

Bridge whom t he Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Blac- afterwards delivered it in at the CIerk’s Table: Where

Roads. man Street, Kent Street, Long Lane, Dirty Lane, and the same was read; and is as followeth;

Gravel Lane, in the several Parishes of Saint Georgeand To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Saint Saviour sSoufhtcark, Newington, and Bermondsey, Thomas Mutter, being examined, said, That if an Open-in the County of Surrey, was referred, That the Com- ing was made from the End of Dog Lane, in Five Foot mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; Lane, in the Pari dies of and

and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared dalen Bermondsey, along Foot Lane, to a Place cal-to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his led Stone Bridge, in Bermondsey Street, and from thence, place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s through Part of Trotter Alley, in a strait Line cross Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow- Snow's Fields, through Blue Maid Alley, into the High eth; viz. Street in the Borough of Southwark, a more eafv, con-

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, venient, and advantageous Communication would be Mr. Samuel Carter, being examined, said. That the made from Lower Deptford, Bermondsey,

Road leading from the South End of Gravel Lane, in and Saint John's, to the Road intended to be made the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, through Dirty through to Black Friars and Westmin-

Lane, into Blackman Street, is an ancient Road, but is Jter Bridges.

in a very founderous and ruinous Condition, and from And he produced a Plan to your Committee, and ex-the extreme Narrowness thereof, particularly at the End plained to them the Spot where the Opening is proposed next Blackman Street, very dangerous, there being to be made; and said. That he had surveyed and mea-scarcely Room for One Carriage to pats: That he has sured the Extremities thereof, making 1080 Yards in feenTwo Personskilled there by Carriages: That the Length: That it will be proper to make it about 40 Parish hath laid out large Sums in Repairs of the said Feet wide, for which Purposes it will be necessary to Lane; but, from the Want of a Drain and the Road takedown Thirty Houses, most of which are in a ruin-being wider, it has been ineflectual: That agreatTraf- ous Condition; and that the Expence of purebafing tick is carried on through the said Gravel Lane and Dirty Houses will be £. 3,485, or thereabouts; that the Land

Lane, which will be much increased when the Passage to be purchased will amount to/.810, or thereabouts; os ex Black Friars Bridge shall be opened: ThatifPower and the Expence of making the Road will amount to was given to amend the said Road, and to widen that about/. 1,800; the Total of all Expences being/. 6,095, End of it next Blackman Street, by taking down the or thereabouts: Th^t the Towns of Lower Deptford, Angel Inn, it would be a great public Utility. , Bermodifey, and Parts adjacent, are very full

Mr. Edward Cole, being examined, confirmed the of Inhabitants, and have no other Passage towards above Evidence, and added. That the Passage at the but up Tooley Street, which is very nar-

End next Blackman Street is only Nine Feet Three row and inconvenient, and much crouded with heavy Inches from House to House; and that, in his Opinion, Carriages: That the Opening proposed to be made can the Expence of purchasing the Angel Inn, and widen- be of little or no Inconvenience to Individuals, and will ing the Road, will not amount to above /. 1200. be of general public Utility.

Mr. Charles Johnson, being examined, said. That he Mr. Fellows, being examined, said. That he hath lately obtained a Patent from the Crown for efta- had, with the former Witnesss, surveyed the said in-blishing a Skin Market on a vacant Piece of Ground tended Road; and confirmed every Part of the above near Dirty Lane, to which there is no Access from Evidence.

Blackman Street, but through the narrow Passage at the Mr. William Sheanccod, an Inhabitant of Saint John's Angel Inn: That it would be a great Con venienev to the Parish, and Mr. Thomas Smith, an inhabitant of iter-many Traders who are expected to use the Market, if' mondsey, being severally examined, said, That they the said Passage was widened. know the Place where the Opening is proposed to lx:

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, made, and are certain that it will be of general Utility, to w hom the Bill for making One or more Road or That it be an Instruction to the Committee,

Roads, from the South End of the Bridge cross the to whom the Bill for making One or more Road or River Thames, from Black Friars, in the City of London, Roads, from the South End of the Bridge cross the Ri-to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey; and for ver , from Black Friars, in the City of,

making, widening, and improving, several Communica- to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey; and for tions, between the Cities of London and Westminster, and making, widening, and improving, several Communi-theTown and Borough of Southwark-, and forimpow- cations between the Cities of London and ering the Trufrees for carrying into Execution an Act, and the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for impair'd in the I wenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his powering the Trustees for carrying into Execution an late Majesty, to make, open, and keep in Repair, and Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of also to watch and light, certain Roads, necessary to open his late Majesty, to make, open, and keep in Repair, the Communication between ChrifiChurch,near the said and also to watch and light certain Roads, necessary to

Bridge, and the Counties of Surrey, Kent, Sussex, and open the Communication between Christ Church, near Southampton; anti to keep in Repair, watch, and light, the said Bridge, and the Counties of Surrey, Kent, Suf-a new Road from Chrifi Church to Wefimiifier Bridge; is sex, and Southampton; and to keep in Repair, watch, committed; That they have Power to make Provision and light, a new Road, from to Westminf

in tin* said Bill, for widening and amending the Road Jter Bridge; is committed; That they have Power to from the South Pnd of Gravel Lane, in the Parish of make Provision in the said Bill, for opening a Street or Saint Saviour,through Dirty La ne,\nto Blackman Street Way, from the End of Dog Lane, in Five Foot Lane, in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark. in the Parishes of Saint John and Saint Mary Magdalen

Bermondsey, along Five Foot Lane, to Stone Bridge, in p:tto. Sir Joseph Mambeyreported from the Committee, to Street, and from thence, through Part of

whom the Petition officer ai of the Inhabitants oi the Trotter Alley, in a strait Line crois Fields,

Vol. 31. j X through

6$o 230 Febrmrii. A. 1758.

through Blue Maid Alley, into the High Street, in the Borough of Southwark.

American Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Trade. the more easy and effectual Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures, inflicted by the Acts of Parliament re-' Jating to the Trade or Revenues of the British Colonies and Plantations in America; And that the Lord Norths Mr. Pat erf on, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. JPiyfe Campbell, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr.' Bradshaw, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply Bill; Mr. Paterson presented to the House, according to

sinking Fond. Order a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1768: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Gresham A Bill for carrying into Execution an Agreement

College. niac|e between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the said City, and Stamp Brookjbank, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, for the Purchase of Gresham College, and the Ground and Buildings thereunto belonging; and for veiling the fame, unalienably, in the Crown, for the Purpose of erecting and buildingan Excise Office there; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to aCommittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

£>itto. A Petition of the Lecturers of Grefliam College, was presented to the Heuse, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That, by the Will of Sir Thomas Grefliam, Knight, Founder of the said College, it was directed, that the Seven Persons elected and appointed to read the Lectures in the said Will mentioned, should have the Occupation of his Mansion House, Gardens, and other Appurtenances (now called Gresham CollegeJy for them and every of them, there to inhabit, study, and daily to read the said several Lectures; and that, in and by the said Will, it is further directed, that none should be chosen to read any of the said Lectures so long as he should be married, nor be suffered to read any of the said Lectures after he should be married; neither should receive any Fee, or Stipend, appointed for the reading of the said Lectures; and that, as the said College will be pulled down in pursuance of the Bill now depending, and that Part of the Will of the said Sir Thomas Grefliam by which the Occupation of the said College is given to the said Lefturers, made null and void: Therefore praying the House, That as the Collegiate Life, intended by Sir Thomas Gresham, will now ueceflarily be at an End, the Restriction contained in the said Will, with respect to the Marriage of the said Lecturers, may also be taken away; and that Provision may be made for that Purpose, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Conv-mittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to enable the Lecturers of the College, called Gresham College, founded by Sir Thomas Gresham, Knight, to marry, notwithstanding any Restriction contained in the Will of the said Sir Thomas Gresham.

Poor Laws. A Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relative to the Poor of this Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

19 '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Bajfel, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Hopkins,

Mr. Kynaflori, Sir Charles Kcmi/s Tynte, General /r-tvine, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Morion, Mr.

Whatch), Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Calvert, Sir George Sa-vile, Mr. Fdnnereau, Mr. Harris, Sir James Long, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Gray, Lord Grey, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bald-ivy n, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. VanfiUart, Sir William Dolben, Sir John Delaval, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Lascelles; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House;.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Ways and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer- Means, red to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed*; viz.

Resolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee,

That Grey or Scrow Salt, Salt Scale, Sand Scaje, Cruii-ings, or other Foul Salt, be. allowed to be taken from the Salt Works in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tiveed, to be used as Manure, upon Payment of a Duty of Four Pence per Bushel only.

Resolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee,

That all Policies, by which the Property of One Person, or of a particular Number of Persons in one general Partnership, or of One Body Politic or Corporate, in any Ship or Cargo, or both, shall be allured, to the Amount of more than One thousand Pounds, be stamped with Two Five Shillings Stamps.

Resolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Exportation of Rum, and Spirits of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations, from this Kingdom, and of British Spirits, made from Molasses, as directs that the Rum, or Spirits, of the Growth, Produce, and Manufactures of the British Sugar Plantations in America, which should be intitled to the Allowance of the Duty of Custom, and freed from the Duty of Excise, on Exportation thereof, should be Proof Spirits, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That upon the Exportation of such Rum, or Spirits, there be an Allowance, or Drawback, of all the Duties of Customs payable upon the importation thereof; and that such Rum, or Spirits, be freed and discharged from all the Duties of Excise, though the same iliaii not be }

Proof Spirits.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Paterson, the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Pryfe Campbell,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Bradshaw, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, or Bills, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, for better securing the Excise Duties upon Foreign Liquors imported.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in one of the/aid Bills, for repealing a Clause in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, prohibiting the Sale of condemned Tea, for Home Consumption.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen,

8 Geo. III. 23* — 24 63 i

men, that they do make Provifkm in the said Bill, oriii one of the said Bills, for amending so much of an Act,4 made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture; and of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to amend and enforce certain other Acts, for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation and Wearing of Cambricks and French Lawns, as relate to the depositing in the Warehouses belonging to the Custom-houseat Lkwdon, {uc\\o(the said Goods as shall be seized in pursuance of the said Acts.

iakenheath A Petition of Thomas Evans, of But y Saint EdnitmeTs,

&c. in the County of Suffolk, Esquire, Lord of the Manor Drainage cf Undley, in the Parish of Lakenfteath,'Wdh prefen ted to the Heuse, and read; Setting forth, That there is a Bill depending|in the Housefor draining and preservingeer-tain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Parishes of Lakenhcath and Brandon, in the County of Suffolk; and that the Petitioner has, in the said Parishes, upwards of Five hundred Pounds a Year; and that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, in the Form it now Hands, it will be very injurious to the Petitioner, to the Amount of upwards of Four thousand Pounds: And therefore praying the House, That he may be heard, by himself* or Counsel, against; such Part of the said Bill as may ^ffeft him; and that such Provision may be made for the securing his Property, as to the House shall appear reasonable and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his said Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the feme Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Guernsey

Trade.

Mr. Paterfons according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of William le Marchant, Esquire, Agent for the Island of Guernsey, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, Thai it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as restrains the Allowance of Twelve per Centum, for Leakage, upon any Wine imported into this Kingdom, unless such Wines be imported directly from the Chuntry or Place of the Growth of the said Wine, or the usual Port or Place of its first Shipping (except as therein is excepted), shall, so far as the same affects the' Blands of Guenfey and Jersey, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Allowance of Twelve per Centum be made, upon all Wines imported into this Kingdom, from the said Blands, under certain Restrictiens and Regulations.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought m upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Jenkinson, the Lord Clare, and Mr. Thomas Pitt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Privilege. The several Orders of the Day, for the Attendance of the Reverend James Benctt, Mr. Daniel Osborne, Mr. Thomas Burwood, Mr. Charles Read, Wx. John Burwoodj Junior, Mr. Thomas Read, Mr. Robert Hindes, Mr. Samuel Aldrich, Mr. James Stirrifon, Mr. George Mark-land, and Mr. Crabb, being read,*

VOL.31.

The said James Benett, and his Counsel, were called in.

And the Complaint, made to the House, upon this Day Sevennight, by a Member of the House, against the said James Benett, for divers corrupt and dangerous Practices, relative to theeufuing Fleftion of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of Suffqlk, was read.

And paniel OJborhe and Thomas Bur wood, Two of the Persons who were ordered’to attend this House this Day* Were severally called i\\, and, at the Bar, severally examined, in order to fuport the said Complaint.

’ And they were severally directed to withdraw.

Then the Counsel for the said Mr. Benetl were heard, iu Anftver to the said Complaint.

And the said Mr. Benett was heard at the Bar.

And then the said Mr. Benett and his Counsel were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it appears to this House, that the Reverend, James Benett, Clerk, has oeen guilty of divers corrupt arid most dangerous Practices, by offering Bribes, ana threatening divers Officers of the Customs with Difmiffi'on, in brder to influence their Votes, at the ensuing Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of Suffolk;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller } 39,

S^ix.Thomas Townfield, I Junior, >155.

Mr. Thomas Walpole, j So it passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Pryfe Campbell reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1768, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House, having continued to fit till near One of the Clock on Wednesday Morn-, ing, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Mercurii, 24* die;

Anno 8* Georgii III111 Regis, 1768. Prayers,

AMeffage from His Majesty, by Mr. 3uarme, Veo-’ man Usher of the Black Rod.

Mr; Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up tef attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Ml*. Speaker reported, that the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers, where His Majesty

was

Militia;

Royal Assent to Bills.

24° Februarii. A. 1768*

Royal was pleased to give the Royal Affenfc to the several ^fill'st0 Public and Private Bills following; viz.

1 s‘ An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore:

An Act for further regulating the Proceedings of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, with respect to the making of Dividends:

An A<5i to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to I^is Majesty, for disbanding the Army and other necessary Occasions, as relates to the Number of Troops to be kept upon the Irish Establishment:

An Act for providing proper Accommodations for His Majesty’s Justices of the Great Sessions in Wales, during the Time of holding such Sessions:

An Act for the more speedy and effectual Transportation of Offenders:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Birmingham to Bilstone, and from thence to Autherley, there te communicate with the Canal now making between the Rivers Severn and Trent; and for making Collateral Cuts up to several Coal Mines:

An Act for making and widening a Passage, or Street, from the Salt Market Street, in the City of Glasgow% to Saint Andrew's Church in the said City; and for enlarging and completing the Church Yard of the said Church; and for making and building a convenient Exchange or Square in the said City; and also for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of Glasgow, and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City to the Village of Gorbells:

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex; and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes:

An Act for rebuilding and enlarging the Common Gaol of the City and County of the City of Coventry, and for appointing a Place for the Custodyof Prisoners in the mean Time:

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for supplying the Town of Halifax with Water; and for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Street* and other Places there; and for removing all Nuisances, Incroachments, and Obstructions within the said Town, and preventing the like for the future:

An Act for continuing and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Frogg Mill, through the Towns of North-leach, Burford, and Witney, and Parishes of Hanboroagh and B la don, to Camps field, in the Parish of Kidiington, in the County of Oxford; and also, the Road from Witney, through Eynsham, CumneT, and Botley, to the City of Oxford (except so much thereof as relates to the Road from Witney, through Eynsham, Cumner,<m& Botley, to the City of Oxford) ,* and also, for repairing and widening the Road from Campsfield, to the Turnpike Road, at or near Enjlow Bridge, in the said County of Oxford:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Way Poll, in the Parish of Hardings ton, in the County of Northampton, to Old Stratford, in the said County:

An Act for enlarging and continuing the Term and

16

Powers granted by an Act passed in the T went id li Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sunderland, near the Sea, to the City of Durham, in the County of Durham:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Thirty-nine Mile Stone, in Slaidftone, to Tabb's Lake, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, in the County of Kent:

An Act to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts passed for repairing the Road leading fiom the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the farthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of End field, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford, and for amending the Road from the Watch House in Edmonton to the Market Place in Enel field:

An Act for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Road from Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Woodhead, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from thence to a Bridge over the River Merfty, called Enterdough Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby:

An Act for amending the Road from Christopher S Bridge, in the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Suffolk, to the North East End of the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Buckland Dinham to the End of the Parish of Timfbury, and also the Road from Midsummer Norton to the End of the Parish of Norton Saint Phillips, and also the Road from Tucker's Grave to the Road leading from Wellow, to a Place known by the Name of the Red Post, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Rempjione, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Failures, within the Township of Hotham, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, on the South and Wt.fr Parts of the River Leam, in the Manor and Parish of Leminglon Priors, in th<? County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, within the Parishes of Billingborough and Birthorjte, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving the said Fen:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waites, within the Township of Millington, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Lands, Grounds, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for ext inguish-ing the Right of Common, or Average, upon certain ancient Inclosures within the same Township:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Sheep Downs, Commons Common Heaths, and other Walle Grounds, in the In-Parish of Winfrith Netvburgh, in the County of Dorset: An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Heath and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Ketton, in the County of Rutland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Marshes, Walle Grounds, Commons, Carrs, Pasture, and Moor, within the Manor of Hock, in the Parish of Snaith, in the County of York; and for maintaining the Banks within the said Manor and Township:

An

& Geo. III.

24° FebfUariL

653

Lord Fane's Euaic.

An Act for dividing atwl inclosittg the several Commonsj Common Heaths, and Wafts Grounds, in the Manor of Morden, in the County of Dorset:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Stinted Pastures, within the Township of Litton, in the Parish of Arncliffe, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Valle Ground, within the Township and Manor of Cano tilt/, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, within the Manor or Lordiliip of Tiljloorth, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paitures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Wo ugh ton on the Green, in the County of Bucks: An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Brooke, Doctor in Pliyiic, with Harriet Nelthorpe, his now Wife, am] to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for exemplifying, or inrolling, an Indenture of Settlement, of Elizabeth Bridges, and the Will and Codicils of Brooke Bridges, Esquire, and making the same Evidence, as well in Ireland as Great Britain: An Act to enable ThoniasKilborn, and his IssueMale, to take and use the Surname of Burr owes, pursuant to the Will of John Bur voices, deceased:

An Act to enable Thomas Jenner, an Infant, and his Jffue, to take and use the Surname of Worge only, pursuant to the Will of George Worge, deceased.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Browning and Mr. PedielL:

Mr. Speaker,

The. Ixirds have p&fled a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety of certain Manors, Meffu-ages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the County of Berks, late the Estate of Charles Lord Vifcoimtl*'one, deceased, and which, upon his Death, became veiled, in Possession, in Dorothy Countess of Sundzvielty in Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trull, to be sold, and for applying the Money to arise by the Sale thereof in the Manner therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Freehold Estate, late of Roger Drake, EUjuire, deceased, and for laying out the Money ajriTing thereby for the Benefit of Roger Drake, an Infant, his elded Son, and Heir at Law; to which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House: And also, . ' Gage’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ^l!j?Cftin(llire vefthig iu Trustees and their Ileirs, an intailed Estate in the County of Lincoln, in order that the same may be fold, and the Pure-hale Money applied for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and for settling an Estate, in the County of Suffolk, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Cooper prefen ted to the House, according to Order a Bill for reducing the Duties on foul Sash.to be used for Manure; for altering the Stamp Duties on certain Policies of Assurance; for amending so much of ^n Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reigji of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates, to t^e Allowance of the Duties of Gufioms; and exempting from the Duties of Excise, such Rum or Spirits, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the BrJlish Sugar Plantations in America, as shall be exported from this Kingdom; for better securing the Excise Duties upon Foreign Liquors imported; for repealing a Clause in an Act, made in th£ JaftSeffiou of Parliament, profiting the Sale of condemned Tjea, for Home Consumption; Vol. 31.

Drake’s , Estate.

Supply Bill; Duties on foul Salt; Ac.

for amending such Parts of Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relate to the depositing in the Warehouses belonging to the Cullom House at London, Foreign Wrought Silks, and Velvets, and Capibricks, and French Lawns, upon the Seizure thereof: And the same was received; and read the Frrfl Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord North presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more easy and effectual Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by the Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade, or Revenue, of the British Colonies and Plantations in America: And th£ same w?as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmeri, Owners and Mailers of Shins, of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, was presenten to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trade to the Greenland Scasy Davis's Straits, and the Seas adjacent, has been attended with many considerable Advantages to this Kingdom, by causing a large Increase of Shipping; affording an useful Nursery of able Seamen, and contributing to the Consumption of British Manufactures; and that the great Expence, Danger, and Uncertainty, attending that Trade, have rendered it impracticable for His Majesty’s Subjects to pursue it with Sueqefs, or prevent its falling into the Hands of Foreigners, w ithout a certain Continuance, for a reasonable Number of Years, of that Bounty, which the Law has provided for the Support and Encouragement of so useful and very important a Branch of the Trade of this Kingdom: and therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief therein* as nia^r be suitable to the Nature of the Cafe, and to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. i

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies thereiu mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1768; was read a Second Time.

, Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. )

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill, -

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and a Lottery attended witly Annuities, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for carrying cer-tainDuties on Wines, and on Cider and Perry, granted by Two Acts of the Third and-Sixth Years-of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the Sinking Fund; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Comjnittee of the whole House. . .,

Resolved, Thqt this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, gporv the said BiJJ.

’ 1:

A. Bill for redeeming the Remainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities, established by an Act, made in the Third . Yeajq of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties

Jppjq Wines imported into this Kingdoip, and certain >utjqs upon all. Cyder and Perry, >and for raising the 'Swnqf'Threemillions Five hu^cmed thousand Pognds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said iD^ie^s Sepcjpd Xupneu /

Rrfoked, Tl^t^aibe conpuidtt^i. */ \

e 7Y Resolved*

American

Trade.

m ate Either/.

Supply;

Sinking Funk.

Supply Bill; Lottery, &c.

Supply Bits; Redemption of certain Annuities.

634

240 Febru

A \ ry

Supply Bill Exchequer Bill).

Wh*le

Duchy of Cornwall Leafing.

Exportation of Malt.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House wilt, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfetf into a Committee of the Whole House, upon the said Bill.

; An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1768, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1768.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and define their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further continuing several Acts of Parliament, made for the Encouragement of the Whale Fiifhery carried on by His Majesty’s Subjects, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jackson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr..Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jackson repbrted from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to make Leases; Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; be how read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edward jBayntzm took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edward Bayntun reported from the Committee^ That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive: the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Mbrning.

The House was moved, that the Report, which, npoh 17th Day of 'December last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and Maltilers, having Stocks of Malt, made for Exportation Tetween the 1 5th of November 1766, and the paffitrg of the Act last Year for. prohibiting the Exportation df Corn, Malt, &c. !was referred, might be again read. And the same behig read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring 'in a WH tt) perjnit the Exportation of certain Quantities Qf Malt, nbw lying in His Majesty *s WaVehouses: And that Mr. Jackson, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. De Grey, Sir Arinbie Wodehouse, and Mr. Attorney General, do pre-part,airifl bring;in, the same. -

Ordered, That the Ohder of the DiV, for tlfe House to tWolve itself into a Committee of tlxe Whole House, to corifider further Of the Supply granted to His JMa-ieity, be ricrw read, *

And the feidOrBdK r

An4aMottehiWt%

rdinglr. th^Repoi^ Wftich,

upon the 3d Day of February, In the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the Passages leading to and from this House, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, be deferred to the said Committee;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, nc- ’ quainted the House, that His Majesty recommends it to the Consideration of the House, to make such Provision for making the Passages to and from this House more commodious, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Chnsideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Faterfon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed tho Chair.

Mr Faterfon reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had di-rested him to report, whep the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

OrderedThat the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,' upon the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, paded in the 18th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act, to explain and amend the Laws touching Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called England, as relates to Clerks directed by the said Act to be appointed to take the Poll at such Elections, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Faterfon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Nix.Paterson reported from the Connnittee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made federal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report. When the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

- Mr. Thomas Pitt presented to the House, according to Ohter, a Bill to repeal so much of an Act of the TouHfch Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as affects the Blands oiGuernfey and Jersey, with respect to the Leakage of Wines; and for making an Allowance upon all Wines imported into this Kingdom from the said Elands, under certain Reiirift ions and Regulations: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tinie.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House <0 refblvp itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for carrying into execution an Agreement made between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the Wardens and C0111-tobii&lfty of the Mystery of Mercers,' of the said City, and Stamp Brookjbank, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissiotters of His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, for the Pifrfchafe of Gresham College, and the Ground and Build-' ings thereunto belonging; and for veiling the fame, unalienably, in the Crown, for the Purpose of erecting attd bhiraing an Excise Office there; be now read.

Ahd the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House, will Tomorrow Mooting* fc&lve itself ifttb a Committee of the whole House, lUplah4hfc saidBjJl.

And' then the Hotffe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning/ fife ofth,e*Ctobk.

20

Election*

Poll-Clerk*.

Guertrifey

Trade.

Grelban

College.

8 Gho. III.

JoVtS) 2 5* die Pehfiiarii\

Anno 8* Georgii III111 Regis, 1768*

PltAYKRS.

Private fjRDERED, That Leave be given to move the Butincfs. L/ House, Tomorrow, t hat any private Business may be entered upon after Ttvo of the Clock.

LorH Fane’* . An ingrossed Bill from the I^ords intituled, An Act Eitate. for vetting an Undivided Moiety of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands*Tenertients* and Hereditaments, situate and being in the County of Berks, late the Estate of Charles Lord Viscount Fane, deCeased, and which, upon his Death, became vested in Possession, in Dorothy Counted of Sandzcich, in Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trust* to be sold, and for applying the Money to arise by the Sale thereof in the Manner therein mentioned* was read the First 'time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

1 s" JPdrttarii.

6iS

Selkirk

Roads.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Selkirk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title "be. An Act for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Selkirk.

Ordered, That Mr. Pn'ngle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Thomms4a An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Reynold Thomas, an Infant, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Deere, pursuant to the Will of Reynold Deere, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jarr t SmithyS'w Edmund Isham, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. MelijhyS.f FrancisVincenf, Mi\ Gilbert, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Harvey Mr. Hopkins, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Campbell, Lord Grey, Mr. Lafcclles, Mr. Martin, Mr. Grey, Sir George Savile, Sir Joseph Merc bey s Mr. Harbor d, Sir Kenrick Clayton, Mr. Bacon.Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynqflon, Mr.Bindley, Sir Charles Kemys Tyntc, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Hujke, Mr. Buffet, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Dison; and all the Members who serve for the Principality of Wales; and the Counties of Hereford, Somerset, Gloucester,

’ Wilts, and Cornicall: And they are to meet this Afternoon* at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Stockport An ingrossed Bill for making a Chapel, lately erected Chape). \>y 'William Wright, Esquire, in the Township of Stockport, and County and Diocese of Chester, a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and for endowing the fame, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Rill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making a Building, intended for a Chapel, lately erected by William W ’right, Esquire, in the Township of Stockport, and County and Diocese of "Chefer, a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and for endowing the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbraham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Chippenham $jr Edward Bayntun reported from the Committee, Roads, to whom the Bill for continuing the Terms of several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of King George the Firit, and in the Seventeenth and Thirty-second Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from jand near Chippenham and Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wills; and for amenaing the said Acts, and reducing them into One Act of Parliament $ was committed; thatthe Committee had examined the Alle- ' gat ions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and . that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and , made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Ho use; and he read, the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where . the Amendments were Orice read throughout and then

Vol. 31.

-fcSfecOnd TimO, Oue ty ttn4, upon the (iuiellidft severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed toj and thereto were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be #Hgtolfed.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Com- Black Friar* Wiittee, to whom the Bill for making One or more Rdjftd* or Roads, from the South End of the Bridge erofs the R'oa°S/ River Th antes, from Black Friars, in the City of London, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surfcy; and for making, widening, and improving, several Communications, between the Cities of London and WestminsteVj and, the Town apd Borough of Soutlavark-, and for impower-itig the Trustees for carrying into execution an Act, paised in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, to make, open and keep in Repair, and also to watch and light, certain Roads, necessary to open the Communication between Ciirift Church, near the said Bridge, and the Counties of Surrey, Kent, Sujffex, and Southampton; and to keep in Repair, watch, and light, a new Road, {tom Christ Church, to Westminster Bridget: is committed.

A Message from the Lords,.by Mr. Browning and Mr*

Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Roxburgh, without any Amendment 1 And also*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Heath, called Navejlock Common and Heath, within the Manors of Navejtock and Lofthall, in the County of EjJ'ex, without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable James Grenville, the Right honourable IJ'aac Barre, and the Right honourable Richard Rigby, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General and Pay-mailer General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves, for the Enjoyment of the said Offices; to which the Lords de-lire the Concurrence of this House: And,also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and otliejr Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Ship ton upon CharzveH, in the County of Oxford; to which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this Houjfc*

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An A# ft* vetoing the settled Estate of William Nedham, Esqeirft,

4n the Island of Jamaica, in Trustees, for the Purposep therein mentioned; to which the Lords dlefire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Aftto enable William Tufnell Joliff, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Burners, otherwise Barnersbury, in Jjlington, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases of the Demesne Lands thereof; and to rate and affdfs Fine* on certain Copyhold Lands, within the said Manor, for encouraging the Tenants to build thereon; to which the . Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Art ingtofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gage's

for. veiling ip Tr-uftees and their Heirs, an intailed Estate Lincolnftiire in the County of Lincoln, in order that thO same may be fold, and thfe Purchase Money applied for the Purposes in the said Act mentionedj and for settling an Estate, in the County of Suffolk, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; was xead the First Time.

And upon the said Bill being rpad, it appeared, that it was for felling an inUiled Estate in the County of Lincoln, belonging to Sir Thorny Gage, Baronet, and Dame Lucy, his and their Issue, and for settling an Eftatfc of the tM-%rTkof?ias G^ge^ of greater Value,

Rotten fgfi Road.

NavsftocJe

Iiiclolure.

Rt. hon’blo J. Grenville's (and others) Qualificaiioii Bill."

Shiptort

upon

Charwell

Znclofuro.

Nedfmm'i

Estate*

toliflPs

Leafing.

6i6

25* Februarii.

A. 17 58.

JolifPi

Leafing.

Shipton

upon

Charwell.

Incioiure.

Ncdham*t Eft ate.

Rt. Wb!e J. Grenville's Und others) Qualification Bill

Duke of Bedford's teasing.

In the County of Suffolk, to the same Uses as the firid In* toiled Estate, in the County of Lincoln, is settled;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Tifntll Joliff, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Barnets, other wise Bamersbury, in Ijiington, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases of the Demesne Lands thereof; and to rate and assess Fines on certain Copyhold Lands, within the said Manor, for encouraging the Tenants to build thereon, was read the First Time.

Refdved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Ship-ton upon ChanveU, in the County of Oxford, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be, read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of William Nedham, Esquire, in the Island of Jamaica, in Trustees, for the Furpofeg therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Rfolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable James Grenville; the Right honourable Isaac BarrS, and the Right honourable Richard Rigby, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General and Paymaster General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr.Right/ reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrolfcd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Moll noble John Duke of Bedford, and the Most honourable Elizabeth, Marchioness of Tavifteck, and ihe Survivor of them, and such Person or Persons as sch$y, or the Survivor of them, shall, by any Deed or Writing, or by his or her last Will and Testament, nominate or appoint, to make Leases of the real Estates late of the Moll honourable Francis Rujfel, called Mar-

Sis oiTavifiock, deceased, was committed. That the >mmit$ee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-cemed had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gope through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ip his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, m at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 1. Leave out " said," and insert w Moll " honourable."

Pr. 4. 1. it. After" Hereditaments," insert" situate in the said Counties of Mid-" dlesex and Surrey, or either of " them, and also the several Mills, " and the Lands usually occupied " therewith, in the said County of

" Bucks?'

1. 32. After " thereof," insert " and also to

" with the Rights, Members, and " Appurtenances thereto respect-" irely belonging, to any Person or " Persons, for any Term or Num-" ber of Years, not exceeding " Tvrenty-one Years, in Possessroa, tm at the bcft and most improved " Rents that can be reasonably got " for the fame, without taking any " Fine, Premium, or Foregih,ibr " the making thereof."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vlr.Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons and Town Fields, within the Town;J)ip of EaJlAyion, in the Parish of Seamer, in the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleik’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir HughDalrymplc reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better supplying the Town of Dunbar with fresh Water, was committed, That the 1 Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of thp Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dire$ed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the more easy and effectual Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by the Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade or Revenue of the British Colonies and-Plantations in America, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

RcfolvedyTfidX the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this, House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for reducing the Duties on foul Salt to be nfed for Manure; for altering the Stamp Duties on certain Policies of Assurance; for amending so much of an grant, set, lease, or demise the Act, made in the Thirty* third Year of the Reign of his " Residue of the Messuages, Farms, late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the ~~ Allowance of the Duties of Customs; and exempting

from the Duties of Excise, such Rum or Spirits, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the British Sugar Plantations in America, as shall he exported from this Kingdom; for better securing the Excise Duties upon Foreign Liquors imported; for repealing a Claxxfrrxn an Act, made in thelaftSession of predtiiriting

the

" Lands, Tenements, and Here-" ditaments, in the said County of a Bucks, and all and every, or any " of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, " Tenements, and Hereditaments, cc in the said Counties of Bedford " and Cambridge, or eithtr of them.

Raft A 'on Inclosure.

Dunbar; supplying it with Water.

American

Trade.

Supply Bill; Duties on foul Salt, &c.

b)

8 -G £0.111. 25 9 Februarii 37

the Sale of condemned Tea, for Home Consumption; for amending such Parts of Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relate to the depositing in the Warehouses belonging to the Guftom House at London, Foreign Wrought Silks, and Velvets, and Cam bricks, and French Lawns, upon the Seizure thereof; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

GTradcCy Bill to repeal so much of an Act of the Fourth c* Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as alfefts the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, with respect to the Leakage of Wiiies; and for making an Allowance upon all Wines imported into this Kingdom from the said , Islands, under certain Restrictions and Regulations; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole’House, upon the said Bill.

Exportation Mr. Jackson presented to the House, according to of Malt. Order, a Bill to permit the Exportation of certain Quantities of Malt, now lying in His Majesty’s Warehouses: And the same was received j and read the First; Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Iudofarc The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclo^ ling the Open Fields, and Commons, in the Manor of Laleham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, was committed;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Consideration of the said Report be - adjourned till this Day Three Months;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said'Reporfc be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dnke'i for Sale of the Freehold Estate, late of Roger Drake, Estates, Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising the reby, for the Benefit of Roger Drake, an Infant, his eldcftSon, and Heir at Law, was read the Firfi Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Jackson, according to Order, reported from the Whfte Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Fishery. the further continuing several Acts of Parliament, made for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by His Majesty’s Subjects, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, m at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Supply.

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Cleric's Table;

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a further Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards carrying on an additional Building, for a more commodious Passage to the House of Commons, from Saint Margaret's Lane, and Old Palace Yard.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Duchy $-r Edzcard Bayntun, according to Order, reported

Cornwall ^roin Committee of the whole House, to whom the Leafing. Bill to enable His Majesty to make Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the 0 cr s* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, passed in the 18t h Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching EJeftions of Knights of the Shire, to serve in 1 Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called England, as relates to Clerks directed by the said Act to be appointed to take the Poll at such Elections, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to VOL. 31.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Supply Bill; a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Lottery,&o. raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and a Lottery attended with Annuities, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for carrying certain Duties on Wines, and on Cider and Perry, granted by Two Acts of the Third and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the Sinking Fund.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morro\V Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Supply Bill 5 a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for redeeming the Remainder of the Joint Stock of An- AnnniiiU nuities, established by an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cider and Perry: and for raising the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be Charged on the said Duties.

7 Z Mr.

638

25* — 2 6°

A. 1768.

Gresham

College.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, Tint they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for carrying into execution an Agreement made between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the My fiery of Mercers, of the said City, and Stamp Brookjbank, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, for the Purchase of G re/ham College, and the Ground and Buildings thereunto belonging; and for vetting the fame, unalienably, in the Crown, for the Purpose of erecting and building an Excise Office there.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Private

Business.

Reading

to

St. Albans Road.

Veneris^ 26° die Februarii;

Anno 8° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1768. Prayers.

THE House being moved, in pursuance of the Order of Yefteiday, that Leave be given to move the House, this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after , Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House upon Monday next, that any private Business may be entered upon after Two of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing,widening,turning, and‘ altering, the Road leading from Reading, in the County of Berks, through Henley, in the County of Oxford, and Great Marlow, Chipping Wycombe, Agmondesham, and Cheynes, in the County of Bucks, and Ricknuujivorth, Watford, and Saint Albans, to Hatfield, in the County of Hertford; and also, the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow, over Great Marlow Bridge, through By sham, to or near the Thirty-Mile Stone, in the Turnpike Road leading from Maidenhead to*. Reading; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road leading from Reading, in the County of Berks, through Henley, in the County of Oxford, and Great Marlow, Chipping JTy combe, Agmondesham, and Cheynes, in the County of Bucks, and Rickmanfnorth, Watford. and Saint Albans, to Hatfield, in the County of Hertford; and also the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow, over Great Marlow Bridge, through Bysham, to or near the Thirty-Mile Stone, in the Turnpike Road leading from Maidenhead to Reading.

Ordered, That Mr. Clayton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows. Pastures, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of WiHough (on, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Bwindow Bertie do c arry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concuweucc.

Mr. Ilarbord reported from the Committee, to whom N rvich the Bill for licensing a Playhouse within the City of Norwich, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the I Ioufe, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’sTubie.

Ordered, Flint the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir Robert Ladbrohe reported from the Committee, City to whom the Bill for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for repealing an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for those Pur-, poses; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Fable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to \)y the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to Wrater-Companies Pipes.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, uoon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Brownhig and Mr. Montagu:

Yovke’s

Lftaie.

City of London;

Sale of Oxeuforde Manor.

WilloughtGR

inclosure.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Willoughton, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of the Honourable and reverend James Yorke, and Maiy his Wife, lituate iii Arlington Street, in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to be conveyed, pursuant to Articles entered into for Sale thereof; and for laying out the Money thereby stipulated to be paid, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the fameUfes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; And also,

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling and impowering the Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City o f London, and their Successors, to sell and convey to the Right honourable George Earl of Pomfret, the Lord lh ip and Manor of Oxeuforde, with the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments thereto-belonging; and for applying the Purchase Money to the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,'

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and carrying into execution an Agreement, dated the Twenty-sixth Day of December, in the Year Lord Clive’s One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-leven, between Walter Waring, Esquire, and the Right honourable Robert Lord Clive; and for vesting certain Estates, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, in certain Trustees, and their Heirs, for that Purpose; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Warfield, in the County of Berks, with l he Appurtenances, in John Hart Cotton, of Waif eld, aforesaid,

Esquire;

Warin^s and

Cotton’s

£date.

Tottenham 0»rt Manor.

Hertford

Sbire4Lufe

Wavertree

inclosure.

York

to

Oulfton

Road.

Militia.

8 Geo. III. 26°

639

Esquiro; and for settling and.alluring, in lieu thereof, a Kent Charge of greater Value, to be i flu in g out of Part of the said Lands and Hereditaments, and also out of a capital Messuage and Lands in the said Parish of War field, and in the Parish of Binfidd, in the same . County, or One of them, belonging to the said John Hart Cotton, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, A(i Act to subject and charge a competent Part of the Manor and Lordship of Tottenham Hall>otherw\te Tottenham Court, in the County of Middlesex, and of the Lands and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, with the Payment of a perpetual Yearly Rent Charge, to Doctor Bichard Brozcne, and his Successors; and for divefling the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the said Premises out of him and his Successors, and for veiling the same in Trustees, to the Vfe of Charles Fitzroy, Esquire, and Ann his Vile, and their I flue, with such Powers and Authorities as therein are mentioned; to which the Lords deiire tho Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Jennings reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for taking down the present Shire-House, in the Market Place of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, and for building a new One on a more extensive and commodious Plan in the Market Place of the said Town, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fevered Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in h<s Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quell ion severally put theretopon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons and WafleGrounds within the Manor of Waver tree, in the Parish of Childzvall, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and widening the Road from the City of York to the Top of Oswaldkirk Bunk; and from the said Road, in Sutton Field, through Craike, towards Oulfton, to the Extent of the Lordship of Craike, in the County of York ,* was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending and widening the Road from the City of York to the Top of Oswaldkirk Batik; and from the said Road, in Sutton Field, through Craike, towards Oulfton, to the Extent of the Lordship of Craike, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1768, was read the Third Time.

..Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1768.

Ordered, That Mr. Pryfe Campbell do cariy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 31.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parillies of Lilley and Offley, in the County of Hertford, except a certain Sheep Down, commonly called Lilley Iloo, in the said Parish of Liltey, and certain Lands, Part of the said Common Fields, lying South Fall of West Lane End, the Mill House, and Cold's Croft, and North Eull of the Town of Offlley, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parillies of Liltey and Offley, in the County of Hertford, except a certain Sheep Down, commonly called Lilleu Iloo, in the said Parish of Lilley, and certain Lands, Part of the said Common Fields, lying South Fall of West Lave End, the Mill House, and Cold's Croft, and North Fall of the Town of Offley.

Ordered, That Mr. Jennings do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, iritituled, Ai> Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of the Honourable and Reverend James Yorke, and Mary his Wife, situate in Arlington Street, in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to he conveyed pursuant to Articles entered into for Sale thereof; and for laying out the Money thereby stipulated to be paid, in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled to the same Uses; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to subject and charge a competent Part of the Manor and Lordship of Tottenham Hall, otherwise Tottenham Court, in the County of Middlesex, and of the Landsand Hereditaments thereunto belonging, with the Payment of a perpetual Yearly Rent Charge to Doft6r Richard Browne, and his Successors; and for divesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the said Premises, out of him and his Successors, and for veiling the same in Trustees, to the Use of Charles Fitzroy, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, and their Issue, with such Powers and Authorities as therein are mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Moll noble John Duke of Bedford, and the Moll honourable Elizabeth Marchioness of Tavistock, and the Survivor of them, and such Person or Persons as they, or the Survivor of them, shall, Jby any Deed or Writing, or by his or her last Will and Testament, nominate or appoint, to make Leaies of the real Estates late of the Mod honourable Francis Riffl'd, called Marquis of Tavistock, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Rigby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same with fonrre Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth deflre the Concurrence of their Lordlliips.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Pa-rifli of Warfield, in the County of Berks, with the Appurtenances, in John Hart Cotton, of Warffleld, aforesaid, Esquire; and for settling and alluring in lieu thereof, a Rent Charge of greater Value, to be bluing out of Part of the said Lands and Hereditaments, and also out of a Capital Messuage and Lands in the faicj Parish of Warffleld, and in the Parish of Binfield, in the same County, or one of them, belonging to the said John Hart Cotton, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned; wps read the First'Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An

Lilley

and

Offl y Inciolurtf.

Yorke’i

Eiiate.

Tottenham

Court

Manor.

Duke of

Bedford'*

Leafing.

Cotton’s

Effete.

640

2(5° Februarii.

City of London; bale of Oxmforde Manor*

Poor Laws*

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling and empowering the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, and their Successors, to sell and convey to the Right honourable George Earl of Pom the Lordship and Manor of Oxenforde,with the Messuages, Lands, and

Hereditaments thereunto belonging; and for applying the Purchase Money to the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Rill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relative to the Poor of this King-

1768.

tities of Malt, now lying in His Majesty’s Warehouses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

S

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for carrying into Execution an Agreement made between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City London, and the Wardens and Common-

Gr«0ut9

Collie,

dom, was committed, That the Committee had gone alty of the Mystery of Mercers, of the said City, and through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- Stamp Brookjbank, Esquire, Secretary to the Commis-unto j which they had directed him to report to the sioners of His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, for the

House; and he read the Report ip his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at tlte Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be printed.

Lertnt

Company.

Purchase of Gresham Collage, and the Ground and Buildings thereunto belonging; and for vesting the fame, unalienably, in the Crown, for the Purpose of erecting and building an Excise Office there; be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the several Papers, which were pre-A Petition of the Governor and Company of the fentedto the House upon the 17th Day of this Initant Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, February, by the Lord North, by His Majesty’s Com* ,being offered to be prefefited to the House; mand, relating to Gresham College, be referred to the

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac- said Committee.

quainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the Hpufe.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Trade between this Kingdom and Turkey has, for a long Series of Years been carried on by a Society ol Merchants, incorporated by Charters, and regulated by Act s of Parliament; and that, in order to carry on the said Trade with Safety, and for protesting His Majesty’s Subjects in the Turk Dominions, it has been found necessary, that there should be an Am-baffaior sent from England to reside at and that there should be Canfuls, Vice Consuls, and other Officers and Servants, in the other Parts of the Turkish Dominions, where any British Subjects reside, or where the English carry on Trade, the whole Expence whereof has hitherto been borne by the Turkey Company, and, together with other necessary Expences incident to the carrying on the said Trade, has of late Years amounted to upwards of Ten thousand Pounds per Annum; and that the said Trade to and from Turkey, once so flourishing, is now, from many unavoidable

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Lottery,&c. raffing a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and a Lottery attended with Annuities, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for carrying certain Duties on Wines, and on Cider and Perry, granted by Two Acts of the Third and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the Sinking Fund; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to

Events and concurring Circumstances, much reduced; the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and and the Petitioners are sensible, that they should not afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in discharge the Duty incumbent upon them by their at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Charter, nor the Justice they owe to the Public, if they Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One did not declare their Inability to proceed any further, by One; and, upon the Qjueftion severally put there* unless relieved by Parliament: And therefore praying upon, were agreed to by the House. the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be grant the Petitioners such Assistance as may be thought ingrossed. necessary and proper.

Labradore

and

9c'a touiidland Traue.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The House was moved, that Part of an Act, made in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King Will'am the'l hird, intituled, An Act to encourage the Trade to Newfoundland, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to extend certain Provisions in the said Act, relating to 1 iffiing Ships and Vessels, to th Coast: And

that the Lord Clare, Mr. Dyfon, Sir and

Mr. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

of cemia Annuities.

Expectation

01

A Bill to permit the Exportation of certain Quan-16

Mr. Paterson,according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill;

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for R^f!on redeeming the Remainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities, established by an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wine* imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cider and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities and Lotteries to be charged on the said Duties; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed hhn to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where' the Amendments wereOnce read throughout; and then a Second T'me, Ooe by One: and upon the Questiotr severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

8 Geo. III.

26 " Fehrud

7;

American

Trade.

, } t - *

: *<9rde'ra/,.That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ihgrofied.; ’ ,. ' 7 , ‘

The- House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more easy and effectual Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by the Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade, or Revenue, of the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

‘ Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

*' Mr: Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Palerfon reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Hotife will please to receive the same.'

64 f>

Journeymen Taylors within the Weekly Bills of MoA tality, without any Amendment: And also, *.

: The Lords have agreed to the Bill,intituled, An Act Carroll for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or *nd.tJlyde Canal, from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near NavlIauen* the Mouth of the River of Carro, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near w

Place called Dalmuir Bunifoot, in the County of barton s and also a collateral Cut from the same toilie City of Glujgow s and for making a navigable Cut, or Canal’of Communication, from the'Port atidHdrbour of Borroio/tounnejk, to join the said Canal, at hr near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made

Supply Bill $ Duties on foul S.lt, &c.

Guernsey

Trade.

Mutiny and Desertion < America.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday in the TWenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Morning next. Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the

Road from the Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a the County of to in the County of

Committee of the whole House; upon the Bill for re- and for repealing so much of an Act, mfidein

dticing the Duties on foul Salt to be used for Manure; the same Year, for repairing several l^oads in the Cotuj.-

Seend,

&c.

Roads.

Bishop's

Castle

Reads.

ties of and as relates to the Road from

a Place in Troxvle Bridge Lane to Midford, and from

Frefhf to Hall's Close, in and for amending the said Roads, and also several other Road's leading from or near the Roads included in the said Acts; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Ca/ile, and from Montgomery to

imported; for repealing a Clause in an Act, made in the the Turnpike Road at Westbun), and from Bro6toii to lad Selhon of Parliament, prohibiting the Sale of con- the Turnpike Road at Minfterly, in the several Coun-demned Tea for Home Consumption; for amending ties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery, without any such Parts of Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Seventh Amendment: And also.

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relate to The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An the depositing in the' Warehouses belonging to the Act for dividing and inclosing the several Fields,

Custom House at Limdon, Foreign Wrought Silks, and Meadows, Waite, and other Commonable Lands lying

Velvets, and Cambricks, and French Lawns, upon the within the Manor or Liberty of Sheepy, in the

for altering the Stamp Duties on certain Policies of Assurance; for amending so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Allowance of the Duties of Custonis; and exempting from the Duties of Excise such Rum or Spirits, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the British Srigar Plantations iu America, as shall be exported from this Kingdom; for better securing the Excise Duties upon Foreign Liquors

Little

Seizure thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Palerfon reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto-, which they had directed him to re- Riding of the County of without port,‘when the House will please to receive the same. ment: And also.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

County of Leicester, without any Amendment: And also, . v

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in Welwick and the Parish of Welwick, in Holderness, in the Ealt

any Amend-

Welwick

Inclosure*

m

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the BUI to repeal so much of an Act of . the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as alleds the Islands of Guernfeyand Jersey, with respect

to the Leakage of Wines; and for making an Allow-' ance upon all Wines imported into this Kingdom from the said Islands, under certain lteftridions and Regulations.

Brozoning

and

Taylors; regulating

the Trade.

A Message from the Lords by Mr.

Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effeenial in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without any Amendment: And also, The Ix>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of King George the First, intituled, An Act for regulating the ' Voc. 31.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for felling Part of a Green, called Nun's Green, in the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof, in the Improvement, of the remaining Part of the said Green, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. Roote,- Ac-comptant to the Society, of the Free British Fjlhery, attended at the Door: he was called invalid, at. the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of Receipts and Disbursements by the Society of the Free British Fishery, from 31 December 1766, to 31st December 1767.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be pertifed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Selhon.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An 8 A Ad

Derby

Paving.

Accounts) Britife fishery:

Warring*# and Lord Clive’s

Agrceoianv

($4* T$ruatii. 1768.

A&Jbr confirmaag, and carrying into execution, an James Dtfluvood, Mr. Ryder, Mr. it, J^rd

Agreement dated the T.wenty-sixth Day of December, Charles Spencer, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Eynaston, Mr. Crap, ih <Uae Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixfy- Mr. Lord Mr. Bull, Mr.

seven, between Waiter Waring, Esquire, and the Right Harris, Mr. , Mr. Jcukiitfim, ^.djjuiral Kappel,

hewenraUe Robert Lord Clive, and for veiling certain Mr. Sir Charles Banbury, Mr. Coventry, Sif

Jbtes, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, in Meredith, Mr. Willoughby, Mr.

aentaia Trustees, and their'Heirs, for that Purpose, was Mr. White, Mr. Sir John EhoelL, Sir John

read the Fiarft Time. Mr. Sibthorp, Mr. Joinings, General Inpine,

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time. Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. , Mr. LortJ

Verne}/; and all the Members m jio Cerve For the Cpun-And then the House adjourned till Monday ties <jOxford, GlouerJier,

Morning next, Nine of the Clock. and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Five of the Clock, jp the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lung) 2 90 Februarii;

Anno 3* Georgii II1V‘ Regis, x 768.

Pa AYERS.

Wnte rp'HE Hoofe being moved, in pursuance of thp Bufinel* J_ Order of Fridaylaft, that Leave be given to move the House this Pay, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House this Day, after Two of the Cfock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Aq ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act aiates. for veiling an-undivided Moiety of certain Manors, Mpflyages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the County of Berks, late the Estate of CharlesEord Viscount Fane, deceased, and which,

upon his Death, became veiled in Possession, in Dorothy Conntefe of Sandwich, in Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trust, to be sold, and for applying the Money to arise by the Sale thereof in the Manner therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rigbyf Sir John Delaval, Mr. Pennant, Sir William Sir James Dashwood, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Rlackstone, Mr. GSir Edward Boyntun, Sir Charles jif or daunt, Lord Grey, Mr. Forester, Mr. Kynaston, Mr . Vernon, Sir Kenrick Clayton, Mr. Am-cotts, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Bromley, Mr.

Willoughby, Mr-. Lascelles, Mr. Vane, Mr. Mr.

Gpfcpyne, Mr- Ryder, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Burke, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Gray, Mr. Brand, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Calvert, Mr. HquUop, Mr. Montagu; and all the Members who fervp for the Counties of Berks, Bucks, Wills,

Somerset, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

lag -An ingrossed Billfor dividing and inclosing the Open

laclaf" Commons and Town Fields, within the Township of UK’ - East Ayton, in the Parish of in the County of

York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons and Town Fields, within the Township of East Ayton, in the Parish of Seamer, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Lascelles do carry the Bill to thd Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Shipton An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Charwell ^or dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and

Inclosurr. other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Shipton upon Chanced, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger ' ’ Newdigate, Mr. Amcolts, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr.

Bromley, Mr - Rigby, Lord Grey, Sir William Dolmen, Sir

22

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act j0r,f>, to enable Williaty Tufuell Joiif', Esquire, Lord of the Effete.

Manor of Barrnrs, otherwise Barnerin in the County of Middlesex,to grant Building Leases of the Demesne Lands thereof; and to rate and assess J

-Fines on certain Copyhold Lands within the said. 1

Manor, for encouraging the Tenants to build thereon; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed toMr. Daniel Lascelles, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr.

Mr. Harris, Mr. Blackjlane, Admiral Keppcl Mr. Gray,

Mr. Coventiy, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Montagu, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Touchet. Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Burrell,

Kit. Wynn, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Jackson, Mr.

M*. Bacon, Sir William MeredithMr. Burke, Sir: Chai'lcs Bunbury, Mr. Ewer-, and all the Members J

who serve for the Counties of MEJex, \

ford, Kent, Surrey, and York: And they are to meet I

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. \

A^i ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Conv Lmlamt 1 mons> Waste Grounds, Open FipJds, Common Mea- Indofet' dowg, and Common Pastures, in the Liberty of JLittle-orer, within the Parilli of Mickleover, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Rill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons,

Waltp Grounds, Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, in the Liberty of Littleaver, wit hip the Parish of Mickleover, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherbert do carry the Bill to the Lorda> and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act D,wh to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Daly, Esquire, with Diw« Anna Statia Daly, his now "Wife, and to enable him to tnarry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; tvas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed $0 a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 8th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear Count'd, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill.; and also , that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to fie heard by Coun-fel, or prodpee Wk Defies.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Terms of several CUppenbs, Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of lying George the k<", First, and in the Seventeenth and Thirtyylecond Years 0 of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading . from and near Chippenham, and in

the County of Wills iand for amending the said Acts, and reducing them into One Act of Parliament; was read the Third Time.

.J Resolved, That the Bill do pyjk: And that the Title

be,

8 Geo. III. 49® FebtuartL 643


J3 iil

j.


k

s

a

Ic

a)

1$

Ei

: <i

U

uCtf*

(:i;

h'J

A&

k

be. An Act for continuing the Terms of several Acts, Ordered, That Mr. Hearbord do car/ythe Bill tf the made in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First* Lords, and desire their Concurrence, and in the Seventeenth and Thirty Second Years of his

late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from An ingrossed Bill for the further continuing several Whale and through Chippenham, and from Chippenham Bridge* Acts of Parliament made for the Encouragement of the FtOxery. in the County of Wilts; and for amending the said Acts, Whale Fishery carried on by His Majesty’s Subjects* and reducing them into One Act of Parliament. Was read the Third Time.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Bayntun do carry the Bill . Rejoiced, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. be, An Act for the farther continuing several Acts of

Parliament made lor the Encouragement of the Whale Duchy of An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to moke Fishery carried on by His Majesty’s Subjects.

Cornwall . Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands, and He* , That Mr. Pennant do carry the Bill to the

Lealiag. jeditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or an- Lords, and desire their Concurrence, nexed to the fame; and for other Purpol’es therein

mentioned; was read the Third Time. A Message firotn the Lords, by Mr. Jlngmjh and Mr.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Graces: be. An Act to enable His Majesty to make Leases, Mr. Speaker,

Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Heredjta- The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by Duke of ments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the to the fame and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Most noble John Duke of Bedford, npd the Most ho- Lea6n8‘ Ordered, That Sir Edward Bayntun do carry the Bill nourable Elizabeth MarchionCfs of Tavistock, and the to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Survivor of them, and fuel) Person or Persons as they,

# or the Survivor of them, shall, by any Deed or Writing,

Sruinton A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for or by his or her last Will and.Teliainent, nominate Of I«c outre, dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Mea- appoint, to make Leases of the real Estates late of the dows, Pastures, Commons, and Grounds, within the Most honourable Francis Ruffe I, called Marquis of Towhship of Snainton,in the Parishes of Bromptonand Tavijtock, deceased: And also,

’ Ebberfton,in the North Riding of the County of York, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Shoreditch

be now read the Third Time; . for opening certain Passages, atyl for paving the Streets Sweeu.

The Lord Strange, by His Majesty’s Command, ac- and other Places, in the Parish of Shore-

qmrinted the House, that His Majesty, having been in- ditch, in the County of and for preventing

formed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Con- Annoyances therein, without any Amendment: And sent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that also,

the House may do therein as they shall think fit. The Lords,have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ashby

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time. for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common del»

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable or Liberty la Zouch, in the County of

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Grounds, Lekcfier, without any Amendment: Apd also,

within the Townihtp o f Snamloh,in the P&rilhes of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kinefton

Brompton and Ebberfon, in the North Riding of the to explain, amend, and render more effectual, and to u*K>£T|'?m* County of York. enlarge the Term and Powers granted by, an Act passed

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry thg Bill to in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his Jate the.Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Majesty, so far as the said Act relates to the repairing

and widening the Road from the Town of Kingston upon City of An ingrossed Bill for the better paving, cleansing, Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheel Pavia0" anfl enlightening the City of London, and the Liberties Bridge, near Peters field, in the County of Southampton,

avm* thereof, and for preventing Obstructions and Annoy- without any Amendment: And also,

ances within the same; and for other Purposes therein The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Morton < mentioned; and for repealing an Act made in the Sixth for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Inc"*ure'

Year of His present Majesty’s Reign for those Purposes, Meadow Grounds, and Common Fen, in the Parish of

was read the Third Time. Morton, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.: And that the Title and improving the said Fen, without any Amendment: be, An Act for the better' paving, cleansing, and en- And also,

lightening the City of London, and the Liberties The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Wright’s thereof, and for preventing Obstructions and Annoy- veiling certain undivided Shares belonging to Mary E*'* ances within the lame; and for other Purposes therein Wright, an Infant, of and in several Mdfuages, Ten*-mentioned; and for repealing an Act made in the ments, and Lands, in the County of Lmieafer, in Truf-Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign for those tees, to be sold; apd for laying out the Money arising Purposes. from the Sale thereof, in the Purcliaie of other Lands,

Ordered, That Sir Robert Ladbroke do carry the Bill to be settled to the Use of the said Infant, attd her to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Heirs, 011 the Part of her Mother; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Ibefitaf; An ingrossed Bill for the better supplying the Town Concurrence of this House: And also.

Sillying of Dunbar with fresh Water, was read the Third The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Lord Water. Time. dissolve the Marriage of Frederick Lord Viscount Bo-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title lingbroke with Lady Diana Spencer, his now Wife, and be. An Act for the better supplying the Town of Dun- to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes bar with fresh Water. therein mentioned; to which live I^ords defir* the Cou-

Ordered, That Sir Hugh DalrympU dk> carry the Bill currence of this House: And also, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Earl

rectifying a Miftuke in the Name of One of the Trustees Hwnngtcm’i Norwich An ingrossed Bill f6r licensing a PLayhouse within in the Settlement made of the Estates of the Right ho- Seitknwnt. Theatre, the City of Norwich, was read the Third-lime. nourable William Earl of previous to his

Resolved, That the Billdo pass: And that the Title Marriage with the Right honourable CarolinaCountefe

he, An Act for licensing a Playhaufc uithinXhc City of of Harrington, his Wife; so which the Lofdt desire Noncich. ... ’ - . the Concurrence of this House: Apd also,;

Vol.31 The

544

29° Febru

Hawkins’

Leafing.

-^.1768.

The Lords'have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for empowering Trustees, during the respective Minorities of the Four Infant Sons of Thomas Esquire,

deceased, to make Leases of Estates, in the County of Cornwall, to which they are successively entitled, as Tenants in Tail, under the Will of Philip

Earl

FermVs

Estate.

Refill ed, That the Bill he committed to"Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Mr. Sir Mr. Town-

field, Mr. Mr. Mr. Martin, Mr-

Sir George Yonge, General A'Court, Mr. Bootle, Lord George Lennox, Lord Sutton, General

Grcnne, Lord Sackvilte, Mr. H ood, Sir James

Esquire, deceased; and for other the Purposes therein Lord George Mr. Scott, Mr. Bacon,

mentioned; to which the Lords define the Concurrence Mr. Mr. Pennant, Sir William Meredith,

of this House: And also, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Cornwall, \lr. Mr. Bertie;

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sir Jofiph Sir William Baker, Mr. Jennings,

the more effectually carrying into execution an Act; Sir George Colebrooke, Mr. Sir Francis Vat-

made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present cent, Mr. Mr. Burrell, Mr. and

Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the all the Members who ierve for the Counties o

Drake’*

Estate.

settled Estate of Wq/hington Earl Ferrers, in the County of Derby,to be sold, for satisfying the Incumbrances and Portions affecting the fame, and the rest of his settled Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

1

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Freehold Estate, late of Roger Brake, Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising the reby, for the Benefit of Roger Drake, an Infant, his eldest Son, and Heir at Law, was read a Second Time. Refilved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vernon,

> Mr. Townfield, Mr. Vane, Mr. E'onncreau, Sir Roger

♦ Newdigate, Mr. Difin, Sir George Mr.

Mr. Damer, Mr. Whately, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Jackfin, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Gray, Mr. AMr

Mr: Bootle, Mr. Darker, Mr. PenMr. Wynn, Mr.

Calvert, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Sandys, Sir Joseph Mr. Bertie,

> Mr. Burke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Doivdejicell, Mr. Cholmley, Dr. Hat), Sir George Colebrooke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Bucks, Wilts, Gloucester, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

K* houWe An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act J. Grenville’s to enable the Right honourable James Grenville, the (and others) Right honourable Isaac Barre, and the Right honour-<*BULaMOn &hle Richard Rigby, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General and Paymafier General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read a Second Time.

Refilved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Lord Offory, Mr. Vane, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Mr. Neville, Mr.

Bootle, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Forejter, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Burke, Mr. Ryder, Lord Burgherfi, M,r. Harris, Lord Charles Spencer, Dr. Hay, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Ridlex/, Mr Waller, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Martin, Lord Clare, Mr. Jenkinfin, Mr. Difin, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Gascotjne, Sir William Baker, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Wood, Mr. Hunter, Sir Matthew Lamb, Mr. Luttrell: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Gage’s An ingrossed BH1 from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Lincolnfture for vesting in Trustees and their Heirs, an in tailed Estate

EQate. - - ~6 -.....- -

Wpyk'j

Ellatc.

Earl

Ferros*

Ethic.

HawW

Leafing.

Suffolk, Norjdlk, Cambridge, Huntingdon, and Ef/'cc:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain undivided Shares, belonging to Mary Wright, an Infant, of and in several Messuages, Tenements, and Lands, in the County in Truf-

toes, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Lands, to l)c settled to the Ul'e of the said Infant, and her Heirs, on the Part Of her Mother; and for other Purposes, therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more elVectually carrying into execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, intitirled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the settled Estate o i'lVaJhtngtonEarl Ferrers, in the County of Derby,to be sold, for satisfying the Incumbrances and Portions affecting the fame, and the rest of his settled Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords,.intituled, An Act for impowering Trustees, during the respective Minorities of the Four Infant So

Esquire, deccafeck to make Leases of Estates in the County of Cormvall, to which they are successively entitled as Tenants in Tail, under the M ill of Hawkins, Esquire, deceased; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Clarepresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extending certain Provitions, relating Ntw(', _.iitai to Fishing Ships and Vessels, in an Act of the Tenth Trade, and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act to encourage the Trade to Newfoundland, to the LabradoreCoali: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refilved, That the Bill be read a Swond Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to diffoh e the Marriage of Frederick Lord Viscount Rolingbroke, with Lady Diana Spencer, his now ’Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes thereiu mentioned; was read the First Time.

Refilved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gascoynereported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several undivided Parts of divers Baronies,

Lands, and Hereditaments, late the Llbite

Fisher; Esquire, deceased, lituate in the Provinces of

LabrViOit and

Lnrd

BhlmjbfoM

Divurct.

TrUicr’i

'fcfoie.

in the County of Lincoln,in order that the same may be

fold, and the Purchase Money applied for the Purposes South Carolina and Georgia, in America, in Trustees, to in the said Act mentioned; and for settling an Estate, be fold, discharged of the Uses of the Will of the said in the County of Suffolk, of greater Value, in lieu and for veiling the Money arising by such

thereof (which Bill is for felling an intailed Estate in Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Lincoln, belonging to Sir Thomas Gage, that Part of Great Britain called England, to be fetl led Baronet, and Dame Lucy,his Wife, and their Blue; and to the Uses of the said Will; was committed; That the

for settling ati Ellate of the said Sir Thomas Gage, of Committee ha {examined the Allegations of the Bill, and greater Value, in the County of Suffolk J; was read a found the same to be true , and that the Parties coit-Second Time. cerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Sati*-

44 faction

8 Geo. III.

29* Februarii.

*45

Epprrfronc

Iwdofure.

faction of the Committee; And that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Anri the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bril do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoync do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Snndys reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Liberties of Epper/lune,in scheCounty was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they^had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwardsdelivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Fable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second lime. One by Oneand, upon the Quiftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

F.1.-I of

M - rruge Settle ment,

Ijkfnhcitb,

See. ' Drainage-

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Harrington’s for rectifying a Mistake in the Name of One of the v Trustees in the Settlement made of the Estates of the

Right honourable William Farl at Harrington, previous to his Marriage with the hight honourable Caroline Countess ol Harrington, his Wife, was read the First lime.

Refohcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Bunburyreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining and preservingcertain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the

and Brandon, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That no Counsel appeared on behalf of the Petition of Thomas Evans, of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, Elqu i re, Lord of the Manor of Undley, in the Pars.h of Lakenhi'iith,to them referred; and that the

-Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, <and found the same to he and that the Parties concerned had given their Co to the Bill, to Sa-

ti.-faction of the Committee (except Seven Persons, w ho are possessed of 114 Acres of the said Lands; and that the whole of the Lands contain 3,337 and that no Person appeared before the Committee -to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwardsdelivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second by

One; and, upon the Qucliion severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

adjourned Debate upon the Motion made upon Thurs-</g?/l aft. That the Consideration of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and Commons, in the Manor of Lalcham, in the Counties of and

Surrey, was committed, be adjourned till that Day Three Months, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of William Esquire, in the Island of Jamaica, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Rffulvcd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. fort, Mr. Rift, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Cooper, Sir Charles Saunders, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Renton, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Mr. Pen-'

nanf, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Pane, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Charles MordaMr. Kynajtvn,

Sir George Savi/e, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Burke, Sir William Baker, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Jtc/fon, Mr. White, Lord George Lennox, Admiral Keppel. Sir Samuel Cornish, Sir George Bridges Rodney; and/all the Members who serve for the City of Ijmdon; and for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, Surrey, and SuJ/i-x: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Nedhaml Eltate.

Levant

Company,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider of the Petition of the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, be now read.

And ihe laid Order being read accordingly;

The I louse resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker led the Chair.

Mr. Raterfon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had directed him to make a Motion to the House, when the House will please to receive (he lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Exportation to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit the Exportation of certain Quantities of Malt, now lying in His Majesty’s Ware-honfes, be now read.

And the said Order being road accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jackson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.Jackson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sail Cloth. The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue an Act made in the Twelfth Year.of the Reign of her late jessy Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, might be read.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterfm do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for carrying into Execution an Agreement made between the Mayorand Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Myliery of Mercers, of the said City, and Stamp Brookjbank, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, for the Purchase of

GreBum

College

Lakham

Indoinre.

And the lhtnc being read accordingly; - -

Resolved, That this House, will Tomorrow Morning, College, and the Ground and Buddings there-

refolveitfelf into a Committee of the whole House, to belonging; and for vesting the fame, unalienably,

consider of the said Act. w, Grown, for the Purpose of erecting and building

an Excise Office there, was committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the Mt. Raterfon accordingly reported from

Vw-3I- ' '*B mittee

6+6

a9° Februarii — T Marti A. 1768.

Supply Bill;

Diitiet on JFou)Stlt,&c-

mittee, the Artiendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments werC'Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reducing the Duties on Foul Salt, to he used for Manure; for altering the Stamp Duties on certain Policies Of ADurance; for amending so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King (le.org tthe Second, as relates to the Allowance of the Duties of Cnlloms; and exempting from the Duties of Excise, such Rum or Spirits, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the Sugar Plantations in America, as stall be exported from this

certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1768, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,that they have Power to receive a Clau fe of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 15th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown, and to the Sums, which should arise by the Sale of the Ceded being applied to the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-Kingdom; for better securing the Excise Duties upon port, when the House will please to receive_the fame. Foreign " ‘ — -

U>

A|

Lin ubrs imported; for repealing a Clause in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, prohibiting the Sale of condemned Tea, for Home Consumption; for amending such Parts of Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relate to the depositing in the Warehouses belonging to the Cullom House at London, Foreign Wreught Silks, anti Vd vets, and Cambricks, and French Fawns, upon the Seizure thereof; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

American Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Trade. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy and effectual Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by the Acts of Parliament, relating to the Trade, or Revenue, of the Colonies

and Plantations in America, was committed: The Amendments which the Committee -had made to the

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

i° die Martii\

Anno 8* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1768. Prayers.

A BILL for extending certain Provisions, relating to Fifliing Ships and Vessels, in an Act of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act to encourage the Trade to Newfoundland, to the Labradore Coast, was read a Second Time.

That the Bill be committed. . llefulved. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,’ upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for taking down the present Shire House, in the Market Place of the Town of,

Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the in the County -of and for building a new on©

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af- on a more extensive and commodious Plan intheMar-terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at ket Place of the said Town, was read the Third Time, the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by be, An Act for taking down the present Shire House, One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, in the Market Place of the Town of Hertford, in the

Labndore

and New* foundiai.d Traac,

Hertford Shirt HaIL

were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,

’ingrossed.

Guernsey

Trade.

County of Hertford, and for building a new one on a be more extensive and commodious Plan in the Market Place of the said Town.

Ordered, That Mr. Byde do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Tottenham to subject and charge a competent Part of the Manor CoimMima

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as affects the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, with respect to the Leak- and Lordffrip of Tottenham otherwise Tottenham

Supply Bill Sinking Find.

age of Wines; artd for making an Allowance upon all Wines imported into this i n gdom from the said Islands, undercertainliestrictionsandRegulations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Court, in the County of Middlesex, and of the Lands and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, with the Payment of a perpetual yearly Rent Charge to Doctor Richard Broivne, and his Successors; and for divetting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the said Premises out of him and his Successors, and for veiling the l’atne in Trustees, to the Use of Charles Filzroy, Esquire, and Ann his Wife,

and their I flue, with such Powers and Authorities as therein are mentioned, was read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum ./?©», Mr. Rrastf, Mr. Sandys,

01 Money out of the Siuking Fund; and for applying Saint John, Mr. Murray, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Bunlze, 21. Sir

8 Geo. III.


Martii.

641

Sir Edward. Ilaivke, Colonel Mr. Mr.

Archer, Lord George Sir George Mr.

Brad/haz0, I^ord Percy, Lord Coleraine, Mr.

Sir Robert Lad broke, Mr. Air. Fa ter fun, Mr.

7bwnftend, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Burke, Mr. Dy-son, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Hyde, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Jenkinfons Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Morion,

Hardy, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Mr. Brudeaell, Mr. Maekye, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Martin, Lord Brozunlow Bertie, Mr. ICliis, Mr. Shiftier; and all the Members who forve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Hertford, Kent, Surrey, Suffer, and for the

Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of tlx? Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Waring’sand An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord Clive s for confirming, ’and carrying into execution, an^ Agree- ’ went dated the Twenty-sixth Day of the

Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, between Halter JVaring, Esquire, and the Right honourable Robert Lord Clive, and for veiling certain Eltates, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, in certain Trultecs, and their Ileirs, lor that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Montagu, Colonel Sir George Savile, Mr. Calvert, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Bond, Mr. Ellis, General Mr. Touche/,

Mr. Burrell, Sir Fletcher Norton, Lord George t'HLe, Sir Merrick Burrell, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr.

Jap, Sir Edward Ifazvke, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Calcraft,

Mr. Cooper, Sir Charles Mordauyt, Sir Thomas land, Lord BrozvnlmcBertie, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Lou rdes, Mr. DozcdefMr. Air. Egerton, Mr. Marlin, Mr. Fitziurbert, Lord Coleraine, General Hollywood, Mr. Toand all the Members tidio serve for the Counf ies of Salop, Hereford,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tou-chet, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Yorke, Colonel Fitzroy, Ix>rd Brownlozo Bertie, Mr. Jaclfon, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

nant, Sir Gco'ge Savile, Mr. FitMr.

Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Morant, Mr. Fonnercau, Mr. Calcraft, Sir William On'>e/i, Mr. Mr.

Air. Darner, Sir Gilbert Heathcole, Mr. Shifter, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Marlin, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Mr. Puller, Mr. Foley, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Mr. Cooper, Mr. Dtt/bti, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Mr. Bond,

Mr. Tucker, Sir Fletcher Norton, Sir George Bridges Rodney; and all the Members who serve lor the Counties of Middlesex, Bucks, Berks, Efe.r, Hertford, Surrey, And Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, An Act

for veiling Part of the settled Estate of the Honourable and Iteverend 'fames Yorke, and Wife, fituafe

in Arlington Street, in the County of in Truf-

tees, to be conveyed pursuant to Articles entered into: for Side thereof; and for laying out the Money thereby llipulated to be paid, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the f?meUf. s; was read aSecond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Yorke, Mr. Whately, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Pitt,

Air. Grenville, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hopkins, Si

Hawke, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Air.

Cocks, Mr. Martin, Mr Harris, Mr. Mr. Montagu, Mr. Sir Gilbert HeaHuote, Lord George -

vendish. Lord North, Mr. AnJ'o Lord John

Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Goofier, Dr. Hay, Mr. Bradshaw, Mr. Foley, Sir Thomas FranklandSir Charles Hardy, Mr. Bond, Mr. Touche/, Lord Mr. Garth,

Mr. Harvey. Sir George Savile, Mr. Mr. Rigby,

Air. Lullrell, Mr. Darner, lend Beauchamp and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex,

Yorke’t


Gloucester, and Stafford; and for the Principality of Bucks, Berks, Cambridge, Surrey, Southampton, lrilts.

Cotton’» £iUte.~

Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chaml>er.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Warfield, in the County of Berks, With the Appurtenances, in John Hart Cotton, aforesaid, El quire; and for settling and alluring, in lieu thereof, a Rent. Charge of greater Value, to be UTaing out of Part of the saidLands and Hereditaments, and also oat of £ capital Messuage and Lands in the said Parish of Warfield, and in the Parish in the

and And they are to meet fhis Afternoon, at

Five of the Clods, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynafondo make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in-.closing Commons and Wade ,. within

.the Manor of Wavertree, in the Parish of in

the County Palatine of was committed.

Mr. Kynafon accordingly reported from the said Committee, That noCounfelappeared before the Committee, in support of the Petition of Thomas Plumbe, Esquire, a considerab/e Proprietor of the Copyhold Lands in same County,or one of them, belonging to the said Wavertree, in the Parish of Childzvall, in the County of

War^rfre#

JncJofure.

John Hart Cotton, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Fit zherbert, Mr. Martin, Mr. JDunlze, Lord Braxvnlcw Bertie, Mr. Buller, Mr. Pen-. slant, Mr. Townfield, Mr. Fonnercau, Lord John Ca-vendijk. Sir William Given, Sir Savile, Lord Fre-

derick Cavendish, Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Burke, Air, Touehet, Mr. Bond, Sir Edward Air. Yorke,

Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Jaclfon, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Dyfon, Mr.

Kynafon, Mr. Wauchope, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir John Elwell, Mr. Brand, Lord George Cavendish, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Foley, Mr. Burrell, Mr. 67//finer, Toivujhcnd;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Bucks, Surrey, Sussex, Southampton, Wilts, and DorJ'et: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lancaster, to them referred; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the . Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the Hotife; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quedion severally put were agreed to by the I Joufe.

OrderedThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Minor.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Angufik and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called Eng-George Earl of Pomfret, the Lordship and Manor of

m 1 1-m. - -- — j mm* + 4 1% l*v k Vvf < % /T*« a I a m m - I I F J . 4 if m m L _ T L1 I T 1 I O ? x

:iiy of Lon- An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act jo; fair of for enabling and empowering the Mayor and Com-ixentorde inoualty, and Citizens, of the City of London, and their Successors,to sell and convey to the Right honourable

Militia.

Oxenford;,with the Mdfuages, Lands, and Hereditaments thereunto belonging; and for applying the Purchase Money to the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a-Second Time.

Vol. 31.

Afarck One thousand Seven hundred and without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill j for raffing a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer

chequer


648

Martii.

' ^.1768.

LaforelV. ’ Nat.

chequer Bills, for the Service of the^ejvr One thotifond Totuorrow, that any Private Business maybe entered Seven hundred and Sixty-eight, without any Amend- upon after Two of the Clock, ment: And also,

Fitz-Oerald's

Will.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Lawrence Laforefi; to which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

- And the said ingossed Hill from the Lords was read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

"Sir.Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Hill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

Mr. Paterson,according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to considerof the Petition of the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that an humble Address he presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleated to order the Sum of Five thousand Pounds to be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, tobe applied inaftiftinglhc

Levant

Company.

making the Exemplification of the last Will of Richard laid Company in carrying on their Trade; and to allure

For;fmouth

Streets.

His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

And Mr. moved the House accordingly

ReThat an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will he graeiously pleated to order the Sum offivethousand Pounds to be ad vanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of trad-

ing into the Levant Seas, to be applied in allilling the said Company incarrving on their Trade; and toaflure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address he presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House a* are of His Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed w ~ _ , . , v__

to the fame, without any Amendment. , Mr. according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Sir Edu ard IJawke reported from the Committee, to permit the Exportation of certain Quantities of Malt, whom the Pill lor the better paving and cleansing the now lying in His Majesty’sWarehouses, was committed,

Streets, and other Public Passages, in the Town of the Amendments which the Committee had made to ..... ' the Bill

Eitz-Gerald, Esquire, deceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Portsmouth,in the County of Southampton, and for preventing Nuifanees and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: 'Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and feve.al Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

North Burton. Sir George Savilereported from the Committee, to Inclosure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of North Burton, otherwise Burton , in the Coun-

ty of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the

and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Plate; and afterwards delivered the Bill, "With the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Timey One by One; and, upon the Question severally. put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. /

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed,

Mr. Paterson,according to Order, reported from the Supply 8111;

Committee of the whole House,. to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1768, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they liad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quetiion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill for redeeming the Remainder of the Supply BID; Joint Stock of Annuities, established by an Act,made in Redemption

against the Bill, he should not sign the Bill, but did not doubt its passing); and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, confills of Five Cottages, and 168 Oxgangs, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the - Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-

and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three millions Five hundred tliou-sand Pounds, by Way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for redeeming the remainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities established by an Act, made in the

port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; Third Year Qf His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, Act for granting to His Majesty several additional in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, arid Once read throughout; mid then a Second Time, One certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raif-byOne; and, upon the Question severally put there- - — ' ' "

upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Jrivate

BufmcU.

Ordered, That Leave be given to movf the House

ing the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, byWay of Annuities and Lotteries, tobe charged on the said Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

20 Au

in

Gre/ham

CoUegc,

8 Geo. III.

i° — 2° Martit.

649

Supply Bill Loutry, *c/

An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Surti of Money and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers, of the by Way of Annuities, and a Lottery attended with An- said City, and Stamp Esquire, Secretary to

unities, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for earn ing certain Duties on Wines, and on Cyder and Perry, granted by Two Acts of the 't hird and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the Sinking Fund; was read the Third Time.

Rejblvfd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and a Lottery attended with Annuities, to be c harged on the Sinking Fund; and for carrying certain Duties on Wines, and on Cyder and Perry, granted by Two Acts of the Third and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the said Fund.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

the Commissioners of His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, for the Purchase of Gresham , and the Ground

and Buildings thereunto belonging; and for veiling the fame, unalienably, in the Crown, for the Purpose of erecting and building an Excise Office there; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement made between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the WardensandCoin-monalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the said City, and Stamp Brookjbank, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, for the Purchase of Gresham College, and the Ground and

American

Trade,

Buildings thereunto belonging; and for veiling the An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and effectual fame, unalienably, in the Crown, for the Purpose of

Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures, inflicted by the Acts of Parliament, relating to the Trade or Revenue of the British Colonies and Plantations in America, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more easy and effectual Recovery of the Penalties and Fprfeitures, inflicted by the Acts of Parliament, relating to the Trade or Revenue of the British Colonies and Plantations

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

erecting and building an Excise Office there; and for enabling the Lefturers of the said College to marry, notwithstanding any Reliriftion contained in the Will ' of Sir Thomas Gresham, Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

B ipply Bill; Duties on Foul Sait, &c.

An ingrossed Bill for reducing the Duties on foul Salt, to he used for Manure; for altering the Stamp Duties on certain Policies of Assurance; for amending so much of an Act, ma le in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Allowance of the Duties of Customs, and exempting from the Duties of Excise, such Rum or Spirits, of the Growth, Produce, or'Manufacture, of the British Sugar Plantations in America, as shall be exported from this Kingdom; for better securing the Excise Duties upon Foreign Liquors imported; for repealing a Clause in an Act, made in the lallSession of Parliament, prohibiting the Sale of condemned Tea, for Home Consumption; for amending such Parts of Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relate to thedepositing in the Warehouses belonging to the Custom House at London, Foreign Wrought Silks, and Velvets, and Cainbrick s, and French Lawns, upon the Seizure thereof; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for reducing the Duties on fbui Salt, to be used for Manure; for altering the Stamp Duties on certain Policies of Assurance; for amending so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Allowance of the Duties of Customs, and exempting from the Duties of Excise, such Rum or Spirits, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the Bi'itish Sugar Plantations in America, as shall be exported from this Kingdom; for better securing the Excise Duties upon Foreign Liquors imported; for repealing a Clause in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, prohibiting the Sale of condemned Tea, for Home Consumption; for amending such Parts of Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His

present Majesty, as relate to the depositing in the Warehouses belonging to the Custom House at London, Foreign Wrought Silks, and Velvets, and Cambricks, and French Lawns, upon the Seizure thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Sail Cloth, a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That tin's House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as affects the Itlands of Guernf and Jersey, with re-

spect to the Leakage of Wines; and for making an Allowance upon all Wines imported into this Kingdom from the said lllands, under certain Restrictions and Regulations.

And then the House adjourned’ till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurit, 2° die Martii;

Anno 8* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1 /68.

Guernsey

Trade.

Prayers,

An ingrossed Bill for carrying into Execution an

Agreement made between the

and Citizens of the City of London, and the Wardens Vol.31.

THE House being moved, in pursuance of the Or der of Ye/ierday, that Leave be given to move

the House, this Day, that any private might

be entered upon in the House, this Day, after Two of

the Clock;

Ordered, That any Private Business may be enter&f upon, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Private

BnGnef*.

An tail1 Sum

ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a cer- BW; 1 m of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for

Sinking Fund,

8 C applying


1

650

2’ Mariii.

A. 1768.

Eppfrftone

Iaciolure.

Exportation of Malt.

applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1768; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Liberties of Eppersone, in the County of Nottingham,

was read the T bird Time.

l'e/blved. That t lie Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lauds, within the Liberties of Eppertione, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandy s do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to permit the Exportation of certain Quantities of Malt, now lying in His Majesty’s Warehouses, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act to permit the Exportation of certain Quantities of Malt, belonging to certain Merchants, in the County of Norfolk, and which were made for Exportation, between the 15th of November 1766, and the passing the Act of the lafe Session for prohibiting the Exportation of Malt.

Ordered, '['hat Mr. Jac/fondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

I.

1.

8.

XI.

Pr. 28. 1. 15. 1. 16.

Lakenheath,

&c.

Drainage.

Iwave out " and."

Afier " Gentleman," insert "and " the said John Leave out " V'oudhvufe." Leaveout" and, " and after " insert " and Leave out " lYovdltoiiJe."

Leave out " and, " and all er " Dare," insert " and John U'ovdhovje." Leave out " John

Leave out "and," and after" Dare,'* insert " and John Leave out " John t

Leave Cut " and, " and after " insert " and John Woodhouse.' Leaveout " John ."

Leave out " and, " and after " Dare," insert " and John Leave out " Woodhouse."

Leave out "and," and after "Dare,* insert " and Woodhouse.'

| Leave out " John

Leave out "and," and after "Dare," insert " and John Leave out " John ."

Leave out "and," and after "Dare," insert " and John After "Heirs," insert "Male." After "than, "insert "and."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Qucliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the lload from the City of York, to the Top of O/r oaldkirkBank; and from the said

Pr. 29. 1. 20. 1. 21.

Pr. 30. ! 29 1. 30.

Pr- 33- 1. 7. 1. 8.

1. 12. 1. 13.

1. 25. 1. 26.

Pr- 34- 1. I9. 20. 1. 21.

Pr- 35 . 1. 2. 3-

1.37. 1.40.

An ingrossed Bill for draining and preserving certain Een Lands and Lotv Grounds, in the Pantiles of La-

kenheoth and Brandon, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Refvkved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Road in Sutton Field, through towards

be, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parishes of heathand Brandon, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Banbury do carry the Bill jOthe Lords, and desire their Concurience.

Mr. Ellis reported from the Committee, to whom the Edwanlea’s ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act forelia-&c. blithing and confirming Articles of Agreement, dated Agreement, g i It of March 1767, between the honourable William

Edwardes, Rowland Ed John Owen EAzcardes,

Esquires, and the Right honourable Henry Lord Holland, concerning the Manor of Abbots Kensington, and divers Mefl'irages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of and for vetting

such Manor, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Trust, to sell and convey the same to the said Henry Lord Holland; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bid, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made teveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth;

to the Extent of the Lordtliip in the County of York; without any Amendment: Andalfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road leading from Reading, in the County of Berks, through Henley, in the County of Ox, and Great Marlow, Cnipping Wycombe, Agmomlejhamand Chen ties, in the County of Bucks, and Rickm and

Saint Albans, to Hatfield., in the County of and also the Road leading out of ttie laid Road at Marlow, over Great Marlow Bridge, through to or near the Tiffrty-Mile Stone, in the Turnpike Road leading from Maidenhead to Reading; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed-to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road, f rom the Mayor's Slone, in Abingdon, in the County of Berks, through -C'umner, to the ancient Horse Road at in the

laid County, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Selkirk, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Willoughlon,in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment.

York

to

Oulftnn

Road.

Heading

to

St. Albans 1 Road.

Abingdon,

Uc,

Road.

Selkirk

Roads.

WillonghiflQ

Incloiurc.

Pr.

Pr.

Pr.

Pr.

a-

1.

21.

1. i -v L

ii.

27.

1.

1.

3°-

6.

viz.

Leave out " Trifgarne," and insert ‘ 7'refgamef instead thereof, ave out " not," and insert " now" instead thereof.

After "the," insert "Ufe."

Leave out " the said John Woodhouse:'

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lord BrozvnlowBertie reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bdl for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Cow Failures, and other Commons and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Jiipra,within the Manor of Horn Civile, in the County of Lincoln, was committed, That the Committee had exa-iG mined

Toynton Ui n

I:iclofar<.

8 Geo. III.

29 Mar

651

mined flic Allegations of the Bill, and found the same River 'Thames, from Slack Friars,\u the City of London, to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given to the oppoliu Shore in liic County o>Surrey; and for their Consent to thtf Bill to the Satisfaction of the Com- making, widening, and impioving, several Communi* nnttcc, (except Joseph Banks, Ekpiire, who, as LelTec of cations, between the Cities of Landau and IPeJtmi/ijter, the said Manor, is entitled to certain Quit Rents, and tlieTown and Borough of So. J Invar k; and for im-

powering the Trustees for parrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Re gu of his late Majesty, to make, open, and keep in Repair, and also to u uu h and light certain Koa's, necessary to open the Communication between Chriji Church, near the said Bridge, and the Counties of Surrey, Ktnty Huffex, and Southampton; and to keep in Repair, watch and light, a new Road from Chri/i Church, to Westmin-

amounting to the yearly Sum of £.2. iqs. who, being applied to, refilled to /ign the Bill; and also except

----- Fyncs, a Minor, who is potlc-iled of Lands alfdled

to the Poors Rate at £. 36.per Annum, and whose Guardian, being a

t ,r

it might be trouhleloim

applied to, refused to sign the Bill, because to him; and also, except Pennell, who, as LelJee under the Bishop of Carlisle, is possessed of Lands aifedVd to the Poors Rate at £. 16 per Annum, who, being appfTd to, refused to sign llic jler Bridge; is committed

Lilly unless his Allotment should be fenced by the other Proprietors); and that the whole of the Lands intended tobeinclosed,areafled’edto the Poors Rateat^. 183 154*. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: winch they ha ! directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Queiiion severalfy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the BiiJ, with the Amendments^ be ingroOed.

Labndore and Newfound'and Tjade.

The House, according to Ordei

a Committee of the whole Hotife, upon the Bill for extending certain Provisions, relating to Tithing Ships and Veile/s, in an Act of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act to encourage the Trade to Ncufoundland, to the JLahradore Coast.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Clare took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Clare reported from the Committee, That they hau gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please'to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report he received Tomorrow Morning.

Bhck Friars A Pet ition of Oliver Baron, Efijuirc, and John Par- Bridge Roads, don. Gentleman, Two of the principal Land Ow ners in thcPariiii of Chrijl Church,in the County of Surrey, was profen fed to the House, and read; Setting forth, I hut the Petitioners do with Cheurthlncfs give up so much of their respective Liiufes, within the said Parish, as vvi/1 be necefhry for making a Road intended by the Bill now* depending, for or)en/i?g Avenues from the South Side of Black Friars Bridge, from the said Bridge, to a Circle near Chriji Church, and from thence to Saint George's Fields; but the Petitioners are informed it is

Sir Robert Ladbvokc reported from the Coffimittee, tp whom the Bill for making Que or more Rpad or Roads* from the South End of the Bridge crp& the River Thames, from Black Friars, in the City o(London, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Survey.;, and for making, widening, and improving, several CojnnmuR cations between the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Town and BQr<Higtyof*$b/////aW^; rind forint-powering the Trustees ibr carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the IVeuty-fburth year of the Reign of his late Majesty, to make* open, and keep in Repair, and ;illb to watch and light* certain Roads, neceBhrv to open the Communication betvyeen Chrjjt Church, near the said Bridge, a/id the Counties ol Surrey, Keifl, SuJJer, and Southampton; and to keep ip Repair, watch, and light, a new Road from Chriji Church, to Westmiu-resolved itfclfinto Jler Bridge; was committed; That the Committee had

considered the Petition of the principal* Land Owners, and Proprietors of Eliates, in the Parish of Chrijt Chmch in the County of Surrey, referred to the said Committee; but that no Counsel appeared in Support thereof; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks "Table.

Ordered, That the Report be now read.

And the same w as read accordingly.

And the Tull of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being rend a Second Time;

And a Motion being made, and the Queiiion being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Xoes went forth.

Tellers for the

Teller, for the

So it w as resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. PatcrfoiK

3l-

’ intended by the said Bill,to prevent them, whose Elhues such Road mull go through, from buihhng upon their Lands adjoining that Part of inch Road us will lead from the Circle to S<iul George's Finds, whl^L will be an extreme I iardlhipon them, became no other Advantage can arise to the Petitioners from such Laud; and the Petitioners therefore hope no Provision will be Inhered to Hand in the said Bill, to render invaluable any JWt of such their Land, as no Benefit can ever arise to the Public then from: And therefore praying, That they may beheaid, by themselves or Counsel, agair.lt hu h Tarts of the said Btl! as may adlct them, or may ha\e ditch Relief as the House ihiJI hink proper.

Ordered, 'lhat the said 1 einon do lie upon the rJ*ib le, until the ! eport ho rccvx cd from tic Co,nor -tee, to whom the Bifi Jor making One or more A: or Ro ids, from the South End of the Bridge, camh urn Yol.ji.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Mr. G/Her/, according to Order, reported from the SsilClotb. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider ofan Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign ot her late Majesty Queen Au/ii3 intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; the He-fuhuiuii winch the Committee bud directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Ruble: Where the same wTas read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opine- of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Tiurty-third Yearotthe Reign of Ins late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act to continue an Act made in the Twelfth Year of

t^e

6 5a

2° — 30

4- 1768.

the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, Mr. Comptroller reported to the 1 loui'e, that their Levant

An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Address of Monday lull, That His Majesty would he Sail Cloth in Great Britain, which was to continue in Force until the 29th Day of September 1767, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, be further continued until the 29th Day of September 1774, and from thenoe to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the house.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal so much An mgrolled Kill for the better paving and cleansing Portsmouth of an Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of llis pre- the Streets, and other public Passages, in the Town of hueta. sent Majesty, as act'e&s the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey,with respect to the Leakage of Wines; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for

Mr. Comptroller reported to the I Ionic, that their Address of Monday lull, That His Majesty would ho

fraciously pleased to order the Su;.» of Five thousand ’ounds to be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in a (lilting the said Company in carrying on their Trade; and to allure His Mnjeiiy, that this House will make good the same; had been pre-feuted to His Majesty; and that I lis Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

An ingrossed Bill for the better paving and cleansing the Streets, and other public Passages, in the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, and for

Guernsey

Trade.

making an Allowance upon all Wines imported into this Kingdom from the said Blands, under certain Restrictions and Regulations; is committed; that they have Power to receive a Clause,or Clauses, pursuant to the said Resolution.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

widening and rendering the same more commodious, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, to he added to the Bill by Wav of Ryder, for regulating the Breadth of Wheels of Carriages tiled within the Town.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, whole House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act agreed to by the 1 Ioul’e, to be made Part of the Bill by of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Way of Ryder.

jesty, as affects the Islands of Guernsey and with respect to the Leakage of Wines; and for making an Allowance upon all Wines imported into this Kingdom from the said Islands, under certain Rellrittions and Regulations.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Adjournment. Notice being taken, that Forty Members were not present.

The House was told by Mr. Speaker; and there not being Forty Members present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

Mr. Speaker, without a Queliion first put, adjourned the House till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 30 d Martii;

Anno 8* Georgii III^ Regis, 1768.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better paving and cleansing the Streets, and other public Passages, in the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious.

Ordered, That Sir Eduard H do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Xorthta* Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of luclofjt. North Burton otherwise Burton Flemming, in the County of ForA, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

I^mds, and Grounds, within the Township of North Burton otherwise Burton Flemming, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George S do carry the Bill to the Lords, anddelire their Concurrence.

Prayers.

Edwlrdn’s

&c.

Agreement.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Sir Jarrit Smith reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Reynold Thomas, an Infant, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Deere, pursuant to the Will of Reynold Deere, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Jarrit Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath

Thimn’j

Name.

for establishing and confirming Articles of Agreement, dated 31st of March 1767, between the honourable William Edwardcs, Rowland Edwardes, John Owen

Edzvardes, Esquires, and the Right honourable Henry Lord Holland,concerning the Manor of Abbots Ken-fington, and divers Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the Pariili of Kensington, in the County of agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. Middlesex; and for veiling such Manor, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Trust, to sell and convey the same to the said Henry Lord Holland; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellis do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty’s Prison of the King’s as well for them-

selves as for great Numbers in the same unhappy Circumllances, in the several Prisons of England, as also for and in behalf of other His Majesty’s Subjects, now abroad beyond the Sea; was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their D.l'trcfs: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Mcflhge

Debtor*.

8 Geo. III.

3° — 4° Martii.

*53

ilhery.

Thichv of Cornwall Leafing.

City of London Paving.

Cipppenham*

&c.

J&Aad.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Mont a gif:

Mr. Speaker,.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further continuing several Acts of Parliament made for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by His Majesty’s Subjects, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to make Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening the City of London, and the Liberties thereof; and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for repealing an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign for those Purposes; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

Ordered, TIiat Leave he given to move the House, Tomorrow, that any private BuOuefs may be entered upon after Two of the Clock.

The Lord Clare, according to Order, reported front the Committee of the whole I louse, to whom the Bill for extending certain Provisions, relating to Fishing Ships and Vessels, in an Act of the Tenth' and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act to encourage the Trade to to the

LabradoreCoali, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ip his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.'

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.


Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal so much of an Act of the Fourth Year of the

Private

Bufincis.

Labradore. and Newfoundland Trade.

Gnernfe*

Tr*&

Act for continuing the Terms of several Acts, made in Reign of His present Majesty, as afjefts the Islands of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, and in and Jersey, with respect to the Leakage of

Nbrmnnton

Inclosure.

Utllrover

luclosure.

the Seventeenth and Years of his late

Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from and through Chippenham, and from Chippenham Bridge, the County of Wills; and for amending the said Acts, and reducing them into One Act of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, in the Parish

mantonnext Derby, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and incloswg t Waste Grounds, Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, in the Liberty of Littleover, within the Parish of AJickleaver,in the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also,

'. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, and Town Fields, within the Township of Enjl Ayton, in the Pariili of Seamer, in the County of without

any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for licenlhig a Play house within the City without any Amendment: And also.

Burton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Joyce for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Inclosure. Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Pariili and Liberties of Burton Joyce and Bulcoate, in the County of Nottingham., with same Amendments: to which Amendments the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

W*vertrw An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several Inclosure. Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of -ICaver tree, in the Parish of Childwall, in the County

Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1.35. After "Fifty" to insert "fix."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question pnt thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rcjolvtd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Wavertree,

East Ayton Inclosure.

Norwich

Theatre*

Wines; and for making an Allowance upon all Wines imported into this Kingdom from the said Islands, under certain Restrictions and Regulations; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. ' Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b& ingrafted.

The House being informed, that Mr. Bajlin, from Forelgrf the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Spirit*. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Gallons of Foreign Brandyand Rum, separately, together with the Amount thereof in Money, that have been seized and fold, from Midsummer 1764 to Midsummer 1767, at the several Custom-house Sales in the whole Kingdom; dillin-guidling each Year.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read!

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris,40 die Martii;

Anno 8* Georgii IIP41 Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

THE House being moved, iii pursuance of the Order of Yesterday, That Leave be given to move the House this Day, that any private Business might be in the Parish of Childwall, in the County Palatine of entered upon in the House this Day, after Two ofth’e Lancaster. Clock;

Ordered, That Mr. Dyfon do carry the Bill to the Ordered, That any private Business may be eh-Lords, and deftre their Concurrence. tered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Vol. 31. kD Art

Private

BuGnefu

T.yotOfi

supra

Inclosure.

654

4 f Marik

.1758.

Labradore and Newfoundland Trade.

Guerafey

Trade.

An ingrossed Bill for div iding and inclosing the Open A Meffuge from the LordS,-by-M ri

and Common Fields, Cow Pallures, and other Com* Graves mons and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Toipiton Mr. Speaker,

J'upra, within the Manor of Horn Castle, in the County The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled; Art Act

of Lincoln, was read the Third Time. for taking down the present Shire-House, in the Mar*

An ingroded Clause was ode red, to be added to the ket Place of the Town of Hertford, and for building a-- Bill by way of Ryder, for keeping down the Interest new one on a more extensive and commodious Plan, of Money borrowed. in the Market Place of the said Town, without ally

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank; Amendment: And also, which being filled up, the said Clause was read -the The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for efta-agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill by blishing and confirming Articles of Agreement, dated way of Ryder. 31 ft of March 1767, between the honourable William

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title EJohn Oiccn Be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Esquires, and the Right honourable Henry Lord tommon Fields, Cow Pultures, and other. Commons Holland, concerning the Manor of Abbots Kensington, arid Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Taynton supra and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in within the Manor of Horn Cqfile, in the County of the Parish of Kensington, in the County of r;

Lincoln. and for veiling such Manor, Lands, and Hereditaments,

Ordered, That Lord Broumlow Bertie do carry the inTruft, to fed and convey the same to the said Henry Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Lord Hollandand- for other Purposes therein mentioned: And also,

Ariingrofled Bill for extending certain Provisions, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act relating to Fishing Ships and Vessels, in an Act of the for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King Wdliam other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes the' Third, intituled, An Act to encourage the Trade of and in the County of Hertford, except! to Newfoundland, to the Lab r adore Coast, was read a certain Sheep Down, commonly called Lilley I loo, the Third Time. in the said Parish of , and certain Lands, Part of

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title the said Common Fields, lying South East of West Lane be. An Act for extending certain Provisions, relating End, the Mill House, and Cold's Cross, and North East to Fishing Ships and Vessels, in an Act of the Tenth of the ]'own of Offiey, with an Amendment; to which and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Third, intituled, An Act to encourage the Trade to House.

Newfoundland, to the Labradore Coast. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Lord Clare do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Ordered, That Leave be given to move* the House

upon Monday next, that any private Business may' be An ingrossed Bill to repeal so much of an Act of the entered upon after Two of the Clock.

Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as

aflefts the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, with respect The House being informed, that Mr. tbbetfbn, Sewe-to the Leakage of "Wines; and for making an Allow- tary to the Commissioners of Greenwich MofpitaJ, aiv anceupon all Wines imported into this Kingdom from tended at the Door; he was called in 5 and, at the> the said Islands, under certain Reliriftions and Regu- Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the DirectkmS lations; was read the Third Time. of an Act of Parliament,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Report of the CommifiVofters or Grdvomors' of the be. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Fourth Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Gremteich, of vtfhat Year of His present Majesty, as aflefts the Islands of Money has been received from the Dericdntloatcf Guefnjh) and Jersey, with respect to the Leakage of Estate, between the 30th November 1766 and ill of Wines imported into this Kingdom from the said Islands, December 1767, and of their Proceedings in oasryifljf under certain Reliriftions and Regulations; and for on the Builaing, continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of And then he withdrew, his late Majesty, for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hertford

Shk«-Hoo6»

let.

Agreement.

LiHtr ui

loci

Prwrte

ffofiocfti

Green widi

And the Title of the said Report wasfead. The said Report is as followeth; vise.

In


t

6

Sari of Harrington’* Marriage Settlement*

8 Geo. III. ^Mortal $$$,

In Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament passedm tile 8th Yfeai* of his late MajestyV ftfeignj intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attaindefs.of James lale Earl of Derwentwaler and Charles Radclife\

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, to contract and^ agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, and other Persons, for the finishing and completing tfij» laid Royal Hospital in a workman-like and substantial Manner, on the lowed and most reasonable Terms, aq*. . cording to the Plan laid before the House of Commons, and to lay their Proceedings therein before His Majesty and both Hoiifes of Parliament respectively;

THE Commissioners or Governors of the said Royal Hospital do humbly Report as followeth:

There has been received, between the 30th of November 1766. and the ill December 1,7671 ojut of the Rqqt* and Profits of the Estate; viz.

On account of the annual Rents - - Lead Mines g. d. »°<734 *7 9k 18,265 2i 1

/. 26,000 0 0

As to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building:

At the Building for a new Infirmary; viz.

( Finishing the Arches of the Cellars of the North and South Buildings; flooring the ! Wards and Apartments for the Officers; plailiering the Ceilings and WaUs of the 1 Wards; putting up the Chimney Pieces and Doors; putting in the Safti Frames and) Salkes; building the Water Cloiets and Walh Places in the Court; AH which have! been brought to Account, and amount to the Sum of - - - J 6,640 to It

The ordinary Works;

Retaining the several Wards and Officers Apartments; repairing the Brewhouse and Brew*} 11 ig Vessels; repairing the Courts, Roads, Sewers, Drains, Pipes, and Furniture of the> Wards, and other necessary Repairs for the Service of the Hospital amounts to the Sum of* l3

8,670 4

N. B. There has been paid by the Receivers, out of the Money arising from the Rents') and Profits of the Estate, between the 30th of November 1766 and ill Decembers 1767, on account of Repairs - - - - »,) I *& 7 01 6 5$

By Order of the Commissioners,

In* Secretary*

,28th Janry. 1768.

0raferaf,:That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords,_intituled, An Act for rectifying a Mistake in the Name of One of the Trullees in the Settlement made. of the Estates of the Right honourable William Earl of Harrington, previous to his Marriage with the Right honourable Caroline Vai.31.

Countess of Harrington, his Wifo, was read a Secqn^ Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ThotfttfS Townshend, Junior, Mr. Bond, Mr. Montagu, Duntze, Mr. Dyfqn, Mr. Hamer, bliv. Pitt, Mr.

Mr. Cpoper, Mr, Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. , Mr* Martin, Mfi Rebow, Mr, Rootle, Mr. Brand, Mr, Fixherktrt, Mr. Bertie, Lord George £gfkvilU, M».

Shiftier,

V.

1

(5 5 6 4° Martiu t

Skifftier, Mr. Gray, Mr. Gascoyne, Lord Adam Gordon,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Black-

stone.Sir William Beauchamp Mr. Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Rolle, Lord John Cavendish; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And a Motion being made. That the Committee have Leave to fit and proceed upon the said Bill, upon "Puefday Morning next;

The House was moved, that the Entry in the Journal oT the House, of the 13th Day of 1764, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the ingrolled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Town and County of Northampton, devised by the Will of Edward Bayly, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying' out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses, might be read.

4<And the same bein" read accordingly;

’(ftderkd, That the said Committee have Leave to fit and proceed upon the ingroifed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rectifying a Mistake in the Name of JOne of the Trullees in the Settlement made of the Estates of the Right honourable William Earl of Harrington, previous to his Marriage with the Right honourable Caroline Countess of Harrington, Iris Wife, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Wright'* - An ingroifed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

fefttte. for veiling certain undivided Shares, belonging to Mary Wright, an Infant, of and in several Messuages; Tenements, and Lands, in the County of in Truf-

tees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the use of the said Infant, and her Heirs, on the Part of her Mother; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skiff-Tier, Mr. Harris, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Fairfax, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Tmvnjhend,

Sir George Savile, M r. Pitt, Mr. Sir Francis

Vincent, Mr. Campbell, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Egerlon,

Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Duntze, Mr. Bond, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Loivndes, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Dyfon, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Rigby, Sir Edward Bayntun; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Wejfmor'iand, Cumber land, Northumberland, Durham, and Yorkj And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, rfhat the said Committee have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Morning

next.

Earl Ferrers - An ingroifed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for the more effectually carrying into execution an Act,

made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the settled Estate of Wash Earl Ferrers, in the County of Derby, to be sold, for satisfying the Incumbrances and Portions affecting the fame, and the rest of his settled Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Montagu, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Mr. Legh,

Mr. Rolle, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Shijfner, Mr.

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Difon, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Ryder, Sir Henry Bridgeman, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Rigby, Lord Clare, Mr. Bond, Lord Burgherjh, Lord Adam Gordon, Mr. Mr. Sir Mer-

rick Burrell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Leicester, Warwick, Stafford, and

*1.

York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. , j

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit,

and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Morn-;

ingnext. ’: I j

An ingroifed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act hmv, for impowering Trustees, during the respective Mi- Etta*, norities of the Four Infant Sons of Hawkins,

Esquire, deceased, to make Leases of Estates, in the County of Cornwall, to which they are successively entitled, as Tenants in Tail, under the Will of Hawkins, Esquire, deceased; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Dyfon, Sir Henry Bridge-man, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Shiffher, Mr. Detavhl, Mr.

Wynn, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Legh, Colonel Fitzroy, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr.

vert, Mr. Hunter, Mr . Blackstone, Mr. Harris, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Whately, Mr.

Rigby, Mr. Bond, Mr. Brand, Mr. Drummond, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Foley, Mr. Duntze, Sir George Yonge,

Mr. Ryder; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Somerset, Dorset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon TueJ'day Morning 1

next. I

1

An ingroifed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act BolingbroM to dissolve the Marriage of Frederick Lord Viscount Bolingbroke with Lady Diana Spencer, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again \ and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. 1

And a Motion being made, that this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill; 1

And the House being informed, that the Agent and

Solicitor for the said Lord Bolingbroke attended at the I

Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, informed I

the House, that he had w aited upon Lady Bolingbroke, j

and acquainted her Ladyship with the Purport of the j

said Bill; and that the Bill would be read a Second H

Time this Day; and that Application would be made

to the House, on the Part of Lord Bolingbroke, to ap- I

point Monday next for the Committee to proceed I

upon the said Bill; and that Lady Bolingbroke said, I

fixe had no Objection to such Application being made I

to the House. I

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- I

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I House, upon the said Bill. I

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear

Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned shall think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

The House proceeded to take into Considerationtbe Ameixdment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, offlrv An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Iaclotut, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Lilley and Offiey, in the County of Hertford, except a certain Sheep Down, commonly called Lilley IIoo, in the said Parish of Lilley, and certain Lands,

Part of the said Common Fields, lying South East of WeJl Lane End, the Mill House, and Cold's Crcfs, and North East of the Town of Offiey.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed viz.

Pr. 36.

8 Geo. III. 4* — 7* Martii. 657

Pr. 36. L aa* After *elsewhere4'insert "Provided " always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to Affect or invalidate any " Right, Interest, Claim, or Demand whatsoever of,

Esquire, his Heirs or Assigns, in respect of or to the Great Tythes of or in any Lands now or heretofore Part of, or com* " prised within, the Farm called or " known by the Name of Halbury , within the said Parish of

" Offley, now in the Tenure or Occupation of John , whether the same shall orshall not be subject to be inclosed by " virtue of this Act, and notwithstanding any Exchanges " which may have been heretofore " made of any Lands heretofore " belonging to the said Farm, for or in lieu of other Lands now " taken into and become Part of the said Farm; but that the said " Paul , his Heirs and Af-. " signs, shall and may from Time " tq Time, and at all Times here- after, have, retain, and enjoy, " all and every such Rights and Remedies, and to and for the " Recovery and Enjoyment of his said Tythes, of and in all and " every the Lands now or hereto* fore Part of the said Farm, called u Halbury Farm, as he and those whose Estate he now has, have " had and enjoyed, and of Right ought to have and enjoy, in and 4t out of the said Lands j any Thing 0 in this Act to the contrary in any " wise notwithstanding."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Gmml Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Index to the His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to or-Jouraais. der a further Sum of Five hundred Pounds to be advanced to such Person or Persons as the Speaker of this House shall authorise to receive the same, towards de-, fraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of this House; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council.

Records of The House was moved, that the Entry in the Journal Parliament. tj,e House, upon the Eighteenth Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, of an Address of this House to His Majesty, That His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, to be advanced towards defraying the Expence of printingOne thousandTvvo hundred and Fifty Copies of such Parliamentary and other Records as His Majesty should think fit, and to assure His Majesty that this House would make good the fame, might be read. And the same being read accordingly.

Refalved, That an humble Address be presented to HTs Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the further Surm of Three thousand Pounds to be advanced, towards defraying the Expence of printing One Vot. 31,

thousand Two hundred and Fifty Copies of fuchParlia- mentary and other Records as His Majesty shall think fit; and to assure His Majesty that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s 'Molt honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the Journal* End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session^ with a proper Index thereto, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Copies of the said Journal be printed, for the Use of the Members of this

House, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of Thomas Tyrwhitt, Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal be printed by fueft Person as shall he licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

The House was moved, that the Entry in the Jour* Ditto* nal of the House, upon the 18th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, of an Address of this House to His Majesty, That His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of 5000 /. to be advanced to Thomas Tyrwhitt, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House of that Session of Parliament, with a proper Index thereto; and also the Expence of reprinting the Journals and Reports of this House, with the Indexes to the said Journals; and to assure His Majesty that this House would make good the fame; might be read.'

And the same being read accordingly

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to ofder the Sum! of Five thousand Pounds to be advanced to Thomas Tyrwhitt, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the J ournal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with a proper Index thereto; and also towards further defraying the Expence of reprinting the Journals and Reports of this House, with the Indexes to the said Journals j and to assure His Majesty that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’sMoft honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunay 70 die Martii 5

Anno 8" Georgii IIP8 Regis, 1768.

Prayers.

THE House being moved, in pursuance of the Private Order of Friday last. That Leave be given to Bufinefc. move the House this Day, that any Private Business might be entered upon in the House this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That any Private Business maybe entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Mr. Vernon reported From the Committee* to Whom Drake's the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for Sale of the Freehold Estate, late of Roger Drake,

Esquire, deceased; and forlaying out the Moneyarifing thereby for the Benefit of Roger Drake, an Infant, his eldest Son, and I leirat Law; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; and that the Parties

8 E concerned

«S 8

Martii.

A. 1768.

concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sa- , That Mr. Daniel Lascelles do carry the Bill

tisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee to the Lords, and accquaint them that this House hath had directed him to report the Bill to the House, with- agreed to the fame, without any Amendment, out any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in fd

Shipton upon C Harwell lociofure.

the Clerk’s Table

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Vernon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit the Exportation of certain Quantities of Malt, belonging to certain Merchants in the County of Norfolk, and which were made for Exportation, between the Fifteenth of November One thousand Seven hundred and

Exportation Qf Malt.

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Sixty-six, and the passing the Act of the lati. Session for

Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Shipton upon Clianoell, in the County of Oxford, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

prohibiting the Exportation of Malt, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, intheParilhes of Lakenheath and Brandon, in

and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent the County of without any Amendment: And

to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except also,

William Deane, the Rector of the said Parish, whose The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Living is under Sequestration, and who is very ancient, for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and incapable of transacting his own Affairs; and that and Commonable Lands, within the Liberties of Eppcr-the Sequestrators, and William Deane, Nephew of the stone, in the County of Nottingham, without any Amend-said Rector, who transafts all his Business had confenled ment: And also,

to the said Bill), and that the Committee had directed . The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amend- for the better supplying the Town of Dunbar with fresh ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Water, without any Amendment: And also,

Table. _ - -

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

ReJojved, That the Bill do pa(s.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Loi4

Fane’*

EfUte.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and.effectual Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by the Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade or Revenues of the British Colonies and Plantations in America, without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act , Mr. Rigby reported from the Committee, to whom for reducing the Duties on Foul Salt, to be ul'ed for the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Manure; for altering the Stamp Duties on certain Poli-vesting an undivided Moiety of certain Manors, Mef- cies of Assurance; for amending so much of an Act,

fuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lituate made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late and being in the County of Berks, late the Ejftate of Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Allow-CharlesLordViscount-Fane,deceased, and which, upon -

Lakcnbeath

Ac.

Drainage.

Epperftoix

Inclosure.

Dunbar; Supplying it with Water,

American

Tiade.

Supply k;

Dunes oa

Foul Salt,


his Death, became vetted in Possession, in DorothyCoun-telsof Sandwich, in Trustees, and their Heirs, inTruft, to be sold, and for applying the Money to arise by the Sale thereof in the Manner therein mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House,without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Rigby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and accquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Joliff’s Mr. Daniel LafceUes reported from the Committee, to

Estate. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled. An

ance of the Duties of Customs, and exempting from the Duties of Excise, such Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce,orManufacture of the Brili/hSugur Plantations inJmerica, as shall be exported from this Kingdom! for better securing the Excise Duties upon Foreign Liquors imported; for repealing a Clause in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, prohibiting the Sale of Condemned Tea for HomeConsumption; for amending such Parts of Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years joi the Reign of His present Majesty, as relate te the de-.pofiting in the Warehouses belonging to the Custoih House at London, Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, and Cambricks, and French Lawns, upon the Seizure thereof; without any Amendment: And all'o.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for redeeming the Remainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities, established by an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties

Supply Bil:

rt'uftnpw

of certain Aaoiuic.

Act to enable William Tuftiell Jolijf, Esquire, Lord of upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of

the Manor of Ramm,otherwise Barnersbury,\n in the County of Middlesex,to grant Building Leal'es of the Demesne Lands thereof; and to rate and assess Fines on certain Copyhold Lands, within the said Manor, for encouraging the Tenants to build thereon; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Three millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Way ' of Annuities and lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties: without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making a Building intended for a Chapel, lately erected by William Wright, Esquire, in the Township of Stockport; and County and Dioceie of a per-

petual Cure and Benefice; and for endowing the lame; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows,

StorVpo»t

Chapa

Burros

Joyce

IncloULT

8 Geo. III.


k


i-

5/

iS*'

7® Martlu

Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Burton Joyce and Bulcoate, in the County of Nottingham.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; Viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 10* 11. Leave out " and Abel Smith, the " Younger, a Minor, is Lord " of the Manor of ."

1. 30. Leave out " the said." 4 Then a Witness was called in; and, at the Bar, informed the House, that he saw Mr. Smith, the Father of Abel Smith, the younger, who is a Minor, sign his Consent to the Bill, after the said Amendments were made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships,

L»forest’i An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Lawrence was read a Second

Time.

llefolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Frankhmd, Mr. Bond, Mr. Mr. Byde, Mr. Dison, Mr. Calcraf't, Sir CharlesKemys , Sir

daunt. Lord Brownlow Bertie, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Jennings, Lord Clare, Sir Edward Mr. Filz-

herbert, Mr. Burke, Mr. Martin, Mr. Mr.

Macku urth, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mr. Colonel

Fitzroy, Sir William Meredith, Lord OJfoiy, Mr. Rush-out, Mr. Duntze, Mr. Sir Robert

Mr. Milks, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Mr.

Hamilton, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Mr. Pennant,

Lord George Sackville, Mr. Ongley, Colonel St. John, Lord Panmure, Mr. Ryder, Sir George Warren, Mr. Shqfto, Sir William D Sir Edmund lsham, Mr.

Cornwall, Admiral JlolbSir Edward Haioke, Mr.

Rest: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read;

Lord The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

BoUngbroke’i whole House, upon the ingrotl’ed Bill from the Lords, Divorce, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Frederick Lord Viscount Bolingbroke, with Lady Diana S/)encer, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rigby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Rigby reported from the Committee, that they had examined Witnesses, and heard Counsel for the said Bill; and that no Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment j and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Journals, 4c c- The Lord North reported to the House, that their

Addresses of Friday lait (that His Majesty would be gra-ciouflypleafedto order the further Sum of Five hundred Pounds to be advanced to such Person or Persons as the Speaker of this House shall authorise to receive the same, towards defraying the Expence of makingaGeneral Index to the Journals of this House, and to assure His Majesty that this House would make good the fame; and also, the further Sum of Three thousand Pounds, to be advanced, towards defraying t he Expence of printing One thousand Two hundred and Fifty Copies of such Parliamentary and other Records as His Majesty ' should think fit, and to assure His Majesty that this House would make good the fame; and also, the Sum of Five thousand JPounds to be advanced, to Thomas 'lynchill, Esquire, Clerk of tltis House, towards defray-

Vol. 31;

ing the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament, to the End of this present Session, with a proper Index there, to; and also, towards further defraying the Expence of reprinting the Journals and Reports of this House, with the Indexes to the said Journals, and to aifilre His Majesty that this House would make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He . will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

Mr. Thomas Pitt reported from the Committee, to Nedtum’a whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Bftate. Act for vesting the settled Estate of William Nedham,

Esquire, in the Island of Jamaica, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House* without any Amendment} and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table*

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Rt. hoable the ingrossed Bill from the Lords* intituled, An Act to J- Grenville’* enable the Right honourable James Grenville, the Right honourable Isaac Barre, and the Right honourable gill* l°

Richard Rigby, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General and Paymaster General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. ‘

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr.

Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Lands; and Burton Grounds, within the Townlliip of North Burton, other- Indofui*. wife Burton Flemming, in the County of York, withoat any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wavwtree for dividing and inclosing several Commons, and Waste Inclosure. Grounds within the Manor of Wavertree, in the Parish of Childwall, in, the County Palatine of Lancajtcr, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Portsmouth for the better paving and cleansing the Streets, and other Street*

Public Passages, in the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Guern to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Fourth Year- TVadt, &«.' of His present Majesty, as aft'efts the Blands of Guenfey and Jersey, with respect to the Leakage of Wines imported into this Kingdom from the said Islands, under certain Restrictions and Regulations; and for continuing aj\ Act made in the Thirty-third Year of his late ..... Majesty,

t

66o 7° — 8° Mariii. 1768.

Majesty, for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great B, without any Amend* ment: Andalfo,

Snainton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act lacMure. for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Grounds, within the Township of Snainton, in the Parishes of Brampton and Ebberfton, in the North Riding of the County of York, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords de&re the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment into Consideration.

.And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed; viz.

Pr. 38.1. 37. After " made," iofert " Provided " also, and be it Enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall " extend, or be conllrued to extend, to defeat, lelfen, or prejudice any Right, Title, or Interest,

" which the said Boynton Langley now hath, or claims to have as " One of the Lords of the Manor " of Bromplon or Snainton, of, in,

" or to any of the Lands and " Grounds, so to be divided as aforesaid, or any Action or Suit " to be commenced, sued, or prosecuted, for the Purpose of af«

certaining the fame, or otherwise in respect thereof; but that *' the said Boynton Langley, his *c Heirs and Assigns, shall have and enjoy such Right, Title,

" and Interest, in, or to the said Allotment, so to be made to the " laid John Hill as Lord Paramount " as aforesaid, as he the said " ton Langley shall claim and make " appear to have, within the Space " of Two Years from the pasting of this Act, as One of the Lords " of the said Manor of Brompton or Snainton, in the Lands or " Grounds, or the Soil thereof, for, " or in lieu, of which such Allot* " ment is so directed to be made as " aforesaid; any Thing in this Act " contained to the contrary notwithstanding."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martiiy 8° die Martii;

Anno 8* Georgii III. Regis, 1768.

Pit AY ERS.

.Royal A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Xftuto x\. Ulher of the Black Road.

* Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Afl'ent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commiflhm read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Af-sent to several Public and Private Bills, therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Duke of Grafton, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Afl'ent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain; and the Earl of Marchmont and the Lord Lovel and Holland, named also in the said Commission; did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Afl’ent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight:

An Act for redeeming the Remainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities, established by an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties:

An Act for reducing the Duties on Foul Salt, to be used for Manure; for altering the Stamp Duties on certain Policies of Assurance; for amending so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Allowance of the Duties of Customs, and exempting from the Duties of Excise, such Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the Sugar

Plantations in America, as shall be exported from this Kingdom; for better securing the Excise Duties upon Foreign Liquors imported; for repealing a Clause in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, prohibiting the Sale of Condemned Tea for Home Consumption; for amending such Parts of Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the lleign of His present Majesty, as relate to the depositing in the Warehouses belonging to the Custom House at London, Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, and Cambrieks, and French Lawns, upon the Seizure thereof:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight:

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, asaft'efts the Islands of Guemfeyand Jersey, with respect to the Leakage of

Wines imported into this Kingdom from the said Islands, under certain Restrictions and Regulations; and for continuing an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain:

An Act for the further continuing several Acts of Parliament, made for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by His Majesty’s Subjects:

An Act to permit the Exportation of certain Quantities of Malt, belonging to certain Merchants in the County of Norfolk, and which were made for Exportation, between the Fifteenth of November One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six, and the passing the Act of the last Session for prohibiting the Exportation of Malt. An Act to enable His Majesty to make Leases, Co-

?ies, and Grants, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, 'arcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the feme j and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for further continuing an Act of the Sixth

Year

8 Geo. lit 8° Ma

Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this preterit Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for puuishing [Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for the more easy and effectual Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by the Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade or Revenues of the British Colonies and Plantations in America:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of King George the First, intituled, An Act for regulating the Journeymen Taylors within the Weekly Bills of Mortality:

An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the City of London, and the Liberties thereof; and for preventing Obllruftions and Annoyances within the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned and for repealing an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign for those purposes:

An Act for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets, and other Places, in the Parish of Leonard, Shoreditch, in the county of ; and for preventing Annoyances therein:

An Aftforthe better pavingand cleansing the Streets, jmd other Public Passages, in the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, and for preventingNui-fances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and fendering the same more commodious:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot,in the County of Dumbarton; and all'o a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of G/afgow; and for making a Navigable Cut, or

Canal of Communication, from the Port and Harbour of Borrozofounness, to join the said Canal, at or near

the Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth:

An Act for licensing a Playhouse within the City of Norwich:

An Act for taking down the present Shire-House, in the Market Place of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, and for building a new one, on a

more extensive and commodious Plan, in the Market Place of the said Town:

An Act for the better supplying the Town of Dunbar with fresh Water:

An Act for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Roxburgh:

An Act for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bishop's Cujlle, and from

gomery, to" the Turnpike Road at and from

Bract on, to the Turnpike Road at in the

fev eral Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-lifth YearoftheReign of hislate Majesty King GeorgetheSecond, for repairing the Road from the Green Man, in the Chapelry oi'Sccnd, in the County of Wilts, to Beckington, in the County of and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the same Year, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Wills and SumerJ'et, as relates to the Road from a Place in Trotele Bridge Lane, to Midford, and from

to Hall's Clcje, in Limpley Stoke; and for amending the said Roads, and all’o several other Roads leading from or near the Roads included in the said Acts:

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, and to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the T we nt y-feco nd Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, so far as the said Act relates to the repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near Peters field, in the Coun-

ty of Southampton:

An Act for amending and widening the Road from Von. 31;

the City of York, to the Top oSOfzcaldidrk Bank.; and Rov»l from the said Road in Sutton Field, through Craike, to- 10

wards Oulston, to the Extent of the Lordship of ll

in the County of York:

An Act for repairing fev eral Roads leading through the County of Selkirk:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Mayor's Stone, in Abingdon, in the County of Berks, through Cumner, to the ancient IIorfeRoad at Swin-ford, in th.e said County:

An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the Road leading from Reading, in the County of Berks, through Henley, in the County of Oxford, and Great Marlow, ChippingWycombe, Agmondesham, oxidCheynes, in the County of Bucks, and Riekmanfzcarth, Watford; and Saint Albans, to Hatfield in the County of and also, the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow, over Great Marlozo Bridge, through Bysham, to or near the Thirty Mile Stone, in t he Turnpike Road leading from Maidenhead to Reading:

An Act for continuing the Terms of several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of King the First,

and in the Seventeenth and Thirty-second Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from and through Chippenham, and from Chippenham Bridge,

in the County of Wilts; and for amending die said Acts, and reducing them into One Act of Parliament:

An Act to enable the Most noble John Duke of ford, and the Most honourable Elizabeth Marchionefsof Tavijlcck, and the Survivor of them, and such Persons or Person as they, or the Survivor of them, shall, by any Deed or Writing, or by his or her last Will and Testament, nominate or appoiht, to make Leases of the Real Estates late of the Most honourable Francis Ruff el, called Marquis of Tavistock, deceased:

An Act for vesting several undivided Parts of divers Baronies, Lands, and Hereditaments, late the Estate of Brice Fijlier, Esquire, deceased, situate in the Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, in America, in Trustees, to be sold, discharged of the Uses of the Will of the said Brice Fisher; and for veiling the Money arising by

such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will:

An Act for establishing and confirming Articles of Agreement, dated 3 ill of March 1767, between the honourable William Edwardes, RowlandEdwardes, John

Ozccn Edzvardes, Esquires, and the Right honourable

Henry\x>r& Holland, concerning the Manor of Abbots Kensington, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Pariili of Kenjtnglin the County of Middlesex; and for vesting such Manor, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Trull, to sell and convey the same to the said Henry Lord Holland; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for veftingan undivided Moiety of certain Manors, M effuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the County of Berks, late the Estate of Charles Lord Viscount Fane, deceased, and which, upop his Death, became veiled, in Possession, in Dorothy Countefsof6’fl«rfrwc/<, in Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trust, to be Sold; and for applying the Money to arise by the Sale thereof in the Manner therein mentioned s

An Act to enable William T Esquire, Lord of the Manorof Barners, otherwise in IJling-

ton,in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases of the Demesne Lands thereof; and to rate and affef*

Fines on certain Copyhold Lands, within the said Manor, for encouraging the Tenants to build thereon:

An Act for Sale of the Freehold Estate, late of Roger Drake, Esquire, deceased: and for laying out the Money arising thereby for the Benefit of Roger Drake, an Infant, his eldest Son, and Heir at Law:

An Act for making a Building, intended for aChapel, lately erected by William Wright, Esquire, in the Town-ship of Stockport, and County and Diocese of Chester, a

8 F perpetual

8" Martii.

662

Royal A dent perpetual Cure anil Benefice; and for endowing the to fame:

Btlls. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Heath, called Navejtock Common and Heathy within the Manors of Navejlock and Loft hall, in the county of :

An Act for felling Part of a Green, called Orem, in the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Improvement of the remaining Part of the said Green, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in Wekvick and ten, in the Parish of Wein in the Eall

Hiding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Fields, Meadows, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, lying within the Manor or Liberty of Little in the

Comity of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Common Fen, in the Parish of Morton, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving the said Fen:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Ashby de in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable I^ands, in the Parish of \Villough ton, in the County of Lincoln

An Act for dividing and hicloiing the Commons, Waste Grounds, Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, in the Liberty of Littleover, within the Parish of Mickleover,in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, and '1 own Fields, within the Townlliip of Ayton, in the Parish of in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, in the Pa rifli of Normanlon next Derby, in the County

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parishes of Lakenheath and Brandon, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of I Alley and Officii, in the County of

ford, except a certain Sheep Down, commonly called I Alley Hoo, in the said Parish of I Alley, and certain Lands, Part of the said Common-Fields, lying South Halt of IVe/l Lane End, the House, anti Cold's

Croi's, and North Fait of the Town of Offley:

An Act for dividing and iucloling the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Townlliip of North Burton, otherwise Burton Flemming, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Liberties of Epperstone, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of in the Parish of Cin the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable I Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Burton Joyce

1 ami Bulcvate, in the county of :

\ An Act for making the Exemplificat ion of the last

! Will of Richard Esquire, deceased, Evi-

dence in all Courts of Law and Equity, in Great Britain and Ireland:

An Act to enable Reynold Thomas, an Infant, and his Heirs, to take and ule the Surname of Deere, pursuant to the Will of Reynold Deere, deceased.

A. 1768

1

Tottenham

Court

Manor,

Mr. Sandy? repojrlcd from the Committee, to whom 16

the ingroRed Bill from the l^ord intituled, An Act to subject and charge a competent Part of the Manor and Lordship of Tottenham Hall,otherwise Tottenham Court,

in the County of Middleje.t, and of the Lands and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, with the Payment of a perpetual yearly Kent Charge to Doctor Richard Broivne, and his Successors; and for di veiling the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the said IVemiles, out of him and his Successors, and f r veiling the same in Trustees, to the life of Charles Fitzroy, Eft pi ire, and Ann his Wife, and their I Hue, with Inch Powers and Authorities as therein are mentioned; was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment, thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s lable: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth;

Pr. n. I. 10. After " thereof," insert "free and " clear of and from all Parlianientary and otherTaxes, now " or at any Time hereafter taxed,

" charged, or alluded, or to be " taxed, charged, or alfeded, on " the fame, or any Part thereof."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Queliion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Bill was read the Thin! Time.

Rejb Ived, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. 6Andys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this 1 louse hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: to which Amendment this House dotli delire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Gage’s the ingroded Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for LiiioVnftirt vesting in Trustees and their Heirs, an intailed Estate £toe' in the County of Lincoln, in order that the same may be fold, and the Purchase Money applied for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and for settling an Estate, in the County of Suffolk, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had him to

report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered t lie Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposal to be made to the Title of the Dill; viz.

Alter "Lincoln," to insert "of Sir Thomas Gag,

" Baronet, I)amc Lucy his Wife, and their I Hueami after " Suffolk," to insert " of the said Sir Thomas " Gage." '

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to I>y the House.

liefolvcdy'Hint the Bill, with the Amendments, do pa ft.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Hill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with fume Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth delire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, to Enrlfrw' whom the ingroded Bill from the Lords, miitu/ed, An ^r Act for the more effectually carrvnig info Kxecalion an Act, made in the Sixth War of the hVign of I Iis jjiv-sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trulrccs, the settled Kiiate ol I! ojIllusion Lari Ferrers* in the County

Yorke’s Eli arc.

8 Geo. III. 8° Marta. 663

County of Derby, to be sold, for falisfying the locum- And the said Bill was read the Third Time, brances and Portions aliening the lame, and the rest Rcjblved, That the Bill do pass.

of his settled I.kates; and for other Purposes therein Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had the Lords, and acquaint them, that this HouXe hath

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-rnto; which they had directed him to report to the Jjoule; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth;

l'r. 10. 1. 7. After "therein" insert " and herein " after."

32. After "Incumbrances" insert "and to " and for the several Ends, Intents, " and Purposes, as are."

].3 j.? Leave out "to he paid, satisfied, and 3-.J " discharged."

Pr. 12. 1. 23. After " to" insert " Lease." j>r# 13. 1. 40. After "declared" and before the Ryder, insert "and that the Receipt " or Receipts of the said George " Wright and or the

" Survivor of them, or the Heirs " of fuel 1 Survivor, under his, her, " or their Hand or Hands respectively, shall be a fulhcient and " efl’eclual Discharge to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said " Premises, or any Part thereof,

" hereby veiled as aforesaid, for " the Purchase or Consideration " Money to be paid for the fame;

" and that, after such Receipt or " Receipts, such Purchaseror Purchasers thall be, and he, she, or " they rospectively are hereby absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the fume, and " he, llic, or they, or any of them " respectively,/hallnot beanswerable or accountable for any Loss,

" Misapplication, or Xon-application of the said Purchase or " Consideration Money, or any " Part thereof."

The said Amendments, being f’everally read a Second Time, v.ere, upon thcQueltion ltverally put thereupon, agict-d to by the Houl'c.

/.id 1 ho laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Ju'/i'/red,'1 hat the Bill with t he Amendments, do pass. Ordered, That. Mr. Fitzherbe do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them that this Iloule hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments tin's House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordtiiips.

Mr. John Yorke reported from the Committee, <0 whom the ingrclted 1'siii from the Lords, intituled, An Ac' lor veiling Part of the settled Ellato of the honour-ji1 !e end reverend James Yand Mary his Wife, lit tint e in Arlington Street, in the County of in 'I ndites, to be conveyed purl’uant to Articles entered into for Sale thereof; and for laving out the Mot icy thereby liipnlated to be paid, in the Purchase of oilier Lands, to be settled to the same Uses; was corn ini'led; That the Committee had examined the A.iicgations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that fir- Parties concerned had given their Con-font to the Pill, so the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the 1'jii to the House, without any Amendment: An.d lie delivered thcJ3, JI in at the Clerk's Table.

Voi.. ji.

agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Thomas Frankland reported from the Committee, La to eft’s to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Nat.

An Act for naturalizing LaurenceLafortjt, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the I louse, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rcjblved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Frankland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, reported from the Earl of

Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Warrington’s intituled, An Act for rectifying a Millake in the Name Settlement of one of the Trustees in the Settlement made of the Eliates of the Right honourable William Earl of Harrington, previous to his Marriage with the Right honourable Caroline Countess of Harrington his Wife, was committed. That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Thomas Toicnfhend, Junior, reported from the Hawkins' Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Estate. intituled, An Act for impowering Trustees, during the respective Minorities of the Four Infant Sons Hawkins, Esquire, deceased, to make Leases of Eftafes in the County of Cormvall, to which they are fuceef-lively iutilled, as Tenants in Tail, under the Will of Philip Hawkins, Esquire, deceased; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Part ics concerned had given their Consent to the Bilf, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Tabic.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rcjblved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Tozvvjhcnd, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from t heCommittee, Cotton's to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Estate.

An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of War/ieldy in the County of Berks, with the Appurtenances, in John Hart Colton, of Warfield ofore-said, Esquire; and for settling and assuring, in Lieu thereof, a Rent Charge of greater Value, to be issuing out of Part of t he said Lands and Hereditaments, and also out of a Capital Messuage and Lands in the said Parish of Warfield, and in the Parish of B in field9 in the same County, or one of them, belonging to the said John Hart Colton, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned

4 8° JWartiLjf. 1^63.

e<l; was committed; That the Committee had exa- Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

mined the Allegat ions of the Bill, and found the same the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath to be true; and that the Parties concerned hod given agreed to the fame, without any Amendment, their Cenfent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to Ordered, That Mr. do carry to the Lords Sna'mt<j«

report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and Icvdofure.

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. inclosujg the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Paliures.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. Commons, and Grounds, within the Town ship of

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass. tern, in the Parishes of and Ebberston, in the

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do carry the North Riding of the County of Yorks and acquaint Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. made by their Lordlhipsto the said Bill.

Wiring’s Mr. Hill reported from the Committee, to whom LorcToive’s >ngrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marriage for confirming, and carrying into Execution, an Agree-Settlement. nient, dated the Twenty-sixth Day of in the

Year One thou fund Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, between Walter Waring, Esquire, and the Right honourable Robert Lord Clive, and for veiling certain Estates, in the Counties of Salop and , in certain

Trustees, and their Heirs, for that Purpose, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Wright’s Mr. Pennant, reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain undivided Shares, belonging to Mary Wright, an Infant, of and in several Messuages, Tenements, and Lands in the County of , in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Use of the said Infant, and her Heirs, on the Part of her Mother; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the , House, without any Amendment: And he delivered

the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Pennant do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

City of Mr. Filzherbertreported from the Committee, to London: whom the ingrossod Bill from the Lords, intituled. An

Oxen for de for enabling and innpowering the Mayor and Corn-Manor. monalty, and Citizens, of the City of , and their

Successors, to sell and convey to the Right honourable George Karl of Pomfrctthe Lordship and Manor of Oxenforde,with the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments thereunto belonging; and for applying the Purchase Money to the Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill . to the House without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. iS

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord to difl’olve the Marriage of Frederick Lord Viscount Bolingbrohe with Lady Diana Spencer, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Rigby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the D*!y’s Whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Divorce, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Daly, Esquire, with Anna Statia , his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again , and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speajker left the Chair.

Mr. William Burke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. William Burke reported from the Committee,

That they had examined W itnesses, and heard Couniel, for the said Bill; and that no Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. William Burke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out Supply Bv. of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Sessiort of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annui- Supply M ties, and a Lottery attended with Annuities, to be Lottf7>ic* charged on the Sinking Fund; and for carrying certain Duties on Wines, and on Cyder and Perry, granted by Two Acts of the Third and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the said Fund; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution, an Agreement made between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of t he Mystery of Mercers, of the said City, and Stamp Brookjbank, Esquire, Secretary to the Commit*

sioners of His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, for the Purchaseof Gresham College, and the Ground and Build* ings thereunto belonging; and for veiling the fame, unalienably, in the Crown, for the Purpose of erecting and building an Excise Office there; and for enabling the Lecturers of the said College to marry, notwithstanding any

Toy 2: ton

supra

inclosure*

Tottenham.

Court

Manor.

Gag c’t Lincol jishire Estate.

Eail

Ferrers’

Estate*

Royal Assent to Bill.

8 Geo. III. 8 — io' Marti.' 66$

any Restriction contained in the Will of Sir Thomas Gresham, Knight, deceased; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lordshave agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Cow Pastures, and other Commons and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Toynton supra,within the Manor of Horn Cajile, in the County of without

any Amendment: And also,

The Lor Is have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to subject and charge a competent Part of the Manor and Lordship of T’ttenkumHall, otherwise Tottenham , in the C unity of MiddleJ'ex, and of the Lands and Heredita-

m nts thereunto belonging, with the Payment of a p rpetual yearly Rent Charge, to Doctor,

a id his Successors; and for diverting the Fee Simple and I iheritance of the said Premifesout of him and hisSuccessors, and for vesting the same in Trustees, to the Use of Charles Fitzroy, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, and their 1/1’ue, with such Powers and Authorities as therein are mentioned: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Title of the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees, and their Heirs, an intailed F.fkte in the County of Lincoln, in order that the same may be fold, and the Purchase Money applied for the Purposesin the said Act mentioned; and for settling an Estate in the County of Suffolk, of greater Value, in lieu thereof: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectually carrying into execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the settled Estate of Wathington Earl Ferrers, in the County of Derby, to be sold, for satisfying the Incumbrances and Portions alfefting the fame, and the rest of his settled Lftates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Jcvis, i o° di Martii;

Anno 8* Georgii Iir" Regis, 1768.

Prayerj.

\ Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly--X~\. ?ieu.r, Gentleman Ulher of the Black ltod.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleated to give the Royal Afient to the several public and private Bills following;

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities, and a Lottery attended with Annuities, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for carrying certain Duties on Wines, and on Cider and Perry, granted by Two Acts of the Third and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the said Fund: An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thyufand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for carry ing into execution an Agreement made Voi. 31.

between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of I.ondm, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the said City, and Stamp Brook/bank, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, for the Purchase of Gresham College, and the Ground and Buildings thereunto belonging; and for vesting the same unalienably in the Crown, for the Purpose erecting and building an Excise Office there; and for enabling the Lecturers of the said College to marry, notwithstanding any Refiric-tion contained in the Will of Sir Thomas Gresham, Knight, deceased:

An Act for enabling and impowering the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and their Successors, to sell and convey to the Right honourable George Earl of Pomfret, the Lordihipand Manor of Oxenforde, with the Messuages, Lands, and Heredi-

taments thereto belonging; and for applying the Purchaso Money to the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for the more eiFeftually carrying into execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the settled Estate of Earl Ferrers,

in the County of Derby, to be sold, for satisfying the Encumbrances and Portions affecting the fame, and the rest of his settled Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for rectifying a Mistake in the Name of one of the Trustees in the Settlement made of the Estates of the Right honourable William Earl of Harrington, previous to his Marriage with the Right honourable Caroline Countess of Harrington his Wife:

An Act to subject and charge a competent Part of the Manor and Lordlhip of Tottenham otherwise Tottenham Court, in the County of and of the

Lands and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, with the Payment of a perpetual yearly Rent Charge to Doctor RichardBrozcne, and his Successors; and for diverting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the said Premises out of him and his Successors, and for vesting the same in Trustees, to the use of Charles Fitzroy, Esquire, and Ann his \\ ife, and their Iflne, with such Powers and Authorities as therein are mentioned:

An Act for vesting in Trustees, and their Heirs, an intailed Estate in the County of Lincoln, of Sir Thomas Gage, Iiaronet, Dame Lucy his Wife, and their Iflne, in order that the same may he fold, and the Purchase Money applied for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and for settling an Estate, in the County of Suffolk, of the said Sir Thomas Gage, of greater Value, in lieu thereof:

An Act for vesting the settled Estate of William Ned-ham, Esquire, in the Island of Jamaica, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of the Honourable and reverend James Ycrke, and Mary his Wife, situate in Arlington Street, in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to be conveyed pursuant to Articles entered into for Sale thereof; and for laying out the Money thereby stipulated to be paid, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for confirming and carrying into execution, an Agreement dated the Twenty-sixth Day of December, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, between Walter Waring, Esquire, and the Right honourable Robert Lord Clive; and for vesting certain Estates, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, in certain Trustees, and their Heirs, for that Purpose: An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Warfield, in the County of Berks, with the Appurtenances, in John Hart Cotton, of Warfield aforesaid, Esquire; and for settling and alluring, in lieu thereof, a Rent Charge of greater Value, to be issuing out of Part of the said Lands and Hereditaments, and also out of a capital Messuage and Lands in the said Parish

666 10° Martii. A. 1768.

of War fit lei, and in the Pai iffi oi Bin field, in the same County, or one of them, belonging to the said

Hart Cotton, for the Pnrpotes in the Act mentioned: An Act for impoweringTrufiees, during the respective Minorities of the Four Infant Sons of Thomas Hawkins, Esquire, deceased, to make Leases of Esfates, in the County of Cornwall,to which they are fucceliively

entitled as Tenants in Tail under the Will of Philip Hawkins, Esquire, deceased; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting certain undivided Shares, belonging to Man) Wright,an Infant, of and in several Messuages, Tenements, and Lands, in the County of

cajtcr,in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the use of the said Infant, an 1 her Heirs, on the Part of her Mother; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Pa-rish of Shipton upon Chat-well,in the County of Oxford: An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Grounds, within the Township of Snainlon, in the Parishes of j Brampton and Ebberston, in the North Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Cow Pastures, and other Commons, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of within the Manor of HorncaJU the County of Lincoln-.

An Act to enable the Right honourable James Grenville, the Right honourable IJ'aac and the Right

honourable Richard Rigby,to take, in Great Britain,the

Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General and Paymaffer General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Frederick Lord Viscount Bolirigbroke, with Lady Diana Spencer, his

now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Daly, Esquire, with AnnaStatia Daly, his now Wife: and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing

The King*! After which His Majesty was pleased to make a most Speech. gracious Speech from the Throne, to both 1 loufes of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The Readiness with which you entered into the Views I recommended to you at the Opening of this Session, and the Assiduity with which you have applied yourselves to the Dispatch of the Public Buii-ness, give Me great Satisfaction. At the same Time, the affectionate Concern you have lliewn for the Welfare of your Fellow Subjects, by the salutary Laws passed for their Relief, in respect to the high Price of Provisions, cannot fail of securing to you their most grateful Regard.

I have nothing new to communicate to you in relation to Foreign Affairs. The apparent Interests of the several Powers in Europe, as well as the express Assurances I have received from them, leave Me no room

to doubt of their Disposition to preserve the general Tranquillity. And, on My Part, you may rest allured, that every Meafiire that is confident with the Honour of My Crown, and the Rights of M v Subjects, shall be Readily directed to that moll salutary Purpol'e.

Gentlemen of the Floufe of Commons,

Yuor Cheerfulness in granting the necessary Supplies, and your Attent ion to the lvafe of My good Subjects in the Manner of railing them, equally demand My Acknowledgments: I lee, with Pleasure, that you have been able to prosecute your Plan for the Diminution of the National Debt, without laying any additional Burthen upon My People.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

As the Time limited by Law for the Expiration of th is Parliament now draws near, I have refoived forthwith to issue My Proclamation for ditVolvinit, and so: calling a new Parliament. But I cannot do this, without having iirlt returned you My Thanks for the many signal Proofs you have given of the mo ft affectionate Attachment to My Person, Family, and Government, the most faithful Attention to the Public Service, and the most earnclt Zeal for the Preservation of our excellent Cunftitution. When, by the vigorous Support which you gave Meduring the War, 1 had been tumbled, under the Divine Providence, to rest ore to My IVoph-the Biellings of Peace, you continued to exert yourselves, with equal Alacrity and Sb adiness, in purluing every Measure that could contribute to tla* Ntainrenaujc of the Public Safety and Tranquillity; which you well 1 understood could no otherwise be preferred than b y efa-blishing, on a respeetable Foundation, the Strength, the Credit, and the Commerce of the Nation. The large Supplies you have from Time to Time granted, and the wife Regulations you have made for these important Purposes, will, I am persuaded, be found to have been productive of the moll beneficial Consequences.

In the approaching Election of Representatives, I doubt not but My People will give Mofrefh Proofs of their Attachment to the true Interest of their Country; which I shall ever receive as the mart; acceptable Mark of their inflection Me. The Welfare of all My Subjects is My first Object. Nothing the refore has ever given Me more real Concern than to Ice any of them, many Part of My Dominions,attemptingtoloofen those Bonds of Confiitutional Subordination so eftential to the Welfare of the Whoje. But it is with much Satisfaction that I now fee them returning to a more jntl Sense of what their own Interest, no less them their Duty, indispensably requires of them; and thereby giving Me the Prolpect of continuing to reign over an happy, because an united People,

After which the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty’s Command, said;

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, that this pjflh* Parliament be prorogued to this Day Three Weeks, the Thirty-first Day of this nstant March; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to this Day ihree Weeks, the Thirty-lirst Day of this Inliant March.

INDEX

[Index removed.]

