JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From December the 7th 1711,

In the Tenth Year of the Reign of

Queen ANNE,

TO

August the lft 1714,

In the First Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the First.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

fl Bugriato

I fliwtshihlkifc* I MOICHEI

Message to attend the Queen.

Members take Oaths.

Seamen's

Wages.

The Queen’s Speech j reported.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE ./COMMONS.

Venerisy 7° die Decembris;

Anno 10* Anns Regime, 1711.

A MESSAGE from her Majesty, by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

M r. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the whole House, went up to attend her Majesty.

And, being returned;

Several Members took the Oaths; and made and subscribed the Declaration; and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Then a Bill for regulating the Payment of Seamen’s Wages, was read the First time.

Sefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported. That her Majesty had been pleased to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament; and, to prevent any Mistakes, he had desired, and obtained, a Copy thereof; which he read; and is as follows; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have called you together as soon as the publick Affairs would permit: And 1 am glad, that I can now tell you. That, notwithstanding the Arts of those who delight in War, both Place and Time are appointed for opening the Treaty of a general Peace.

Our Allies, especially the States General, whose Interest I look upon as inseparable from my own, have, by their ready Concurrence, expressed their entire Confidence in me: And I have no Reason to doubt, but that my own Subjects are assured of roy particular Care of them.

My chief Concern is. That the Protestant Religion, and the I^aws and Liberties of these Nations, may be continued to you, by securing the Succession to the Crown, as it is limited by Parliament, to the House of Hanover.

I shall endeavour. That, after a War which has coil so much Blood and Treasure, you may findyourlntereil in Trade and Commerce improved and enlarged by a Peace; with all other Advantages which a tender and asseftionate Sovereign can procure for a dutiful and loyal People.

The Princes and States which have been engaged with us in this War, being, by Treaties, entitled to have their several Interests secured at a Peace, I will not only do my utmoii to procure every one of them all reasonable Satisfaction; but 1 shall also unite with them in the ilri&eil Engagements, for continuing the Alliance, in order to render the general Peace secure and tailing.

The befl Way to have this Treaty effectual, will be to make early Provision for the Campaign: Therefore I must aik of you. Gentlemen of the House of Commons, Vo a. 17.

the necessary Supplies for the next Year’s War: And I do moil earnestly recommend to you to make such Dispatch therein, as may convince our Enemies, that, if we cannot obtain a good Peace, we are prepared to carry on the War with Vigour:

Whatever you give will be dill in your own Power to apply: And I doubt not, but in a little time after the Opening of the Treaty we shall be able to judge of its Event.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

' As I nave had your cheerful Atfiftance for the carrying on this long and chargeable War, so I a flu re myself, that no true Protestant, or good Subject, will envy Britain, or Me, the Glory dhd Satisfaction of ending the fame, by a just and honourable Peace for us, and all our Allies.

Such a Peace will give new Life to our foreign Trade; and 1 shall do my utmost to improve that happy Opportunity to encourage our home Manufactures} which will tend to the Eastng of my Subjects in that excessive Charge they now lie under in maintaining the Poor; and to correct and redre(s such Abuses as may have crept into any Part of the Administration during so . long a War.

I cannot conclude without earnestly recommending to you All, Unanimity; and that you will carefully avoid every thing which may give Occasion to the Enemy to think us a People divided amongst ourselves; and, consequently, prevent our obtaining that good Peace, of which we have such reasonable Hopes, and so near a View.

I pray God direct your Consultations to this End; that, being delivered from the Hardships of War, you may become a happy and a flourishing People.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in Candler

And they were brought in accordingly.

A Motion being made. That an humble Address be Address on presented to her Majesty, returning her Majesty the Queen’a humble Thanks of this House, for her Majesty’s most Speech, gracious Speech from the Throne; and for making the Protestant Religion, the Laws and‘Liberties of these Nations, and the Succession to the Crown, as limited by Parliament, to the House of , her chief

Concern; and to express the Satisfaction of this House in what her Majesty has been pleased to declare, concerning the general Peace her Majesty has in View; and also, to allure her Majesty, That this House will give such Dispatch to the necessary Supplies, as may enable her Majesty to carry on the War with Vigour, if a good Peace cannot be obtained; and, in the mean lime, that this House will use their utmost Endeavours to preserve such an Unanimity, as may give the Enemy no Hopes from any Divisions among us;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein; viz.

After the Word " View," to insert these Words, " not doubting but effectual Care will be taken to prevent " the Kingdom of Spain, and the West Indies, from

B " remaining

i 7° — 8* Decembris. 17n.

remaining in the Possession of a'rPlrince of the Hoyfe " of Bourbqfi; which januft be destructive to the Safety of her Majesty’s Person and Government, the Protestant Succession in the House of Hanover, and the Liberties of Europe

And the Question being put, That those Words be made Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers, for theYeas, ' } .06.

Tellers for the Noes, gfZ'rJ: }232

So it pasted in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, returning her Majesty the humble Thanks of this House, for her Majesty’s most gracious Speech from the Throne; and for making the Protestant Religion, the Laws and Liberties of these Nations, and the Succession to the Crown, as limited by Parliament, to the House of Hanover, her chief Concern; and to express the Satisfaction of this House in what her Majesty has been pleased to declare, concerning the general Peace her Majesty has in view; and also, to allure her Majesty, That this House will give such Dispatch to the necessary Supplies, as may enable her Majesty to carry on the War with Vigour, if a good Peace cannot be obtained; and, in the mean time, that this House will ule their utmost Endeavours to preserve such'an Unanimity, as may give the Enemy no Hopes from any Divisions among us.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address on the said Resolution:

And it is referred to Colonel Mr. PughSir

Peter King, Mr. Prise, Sir Sir Geo.

Beaumont,’ Mr. Letchmere, Mr. Sir Thomas

Powell, Mr. Eversfeild, Sir GilbertDolben, Mr Sir Bichard Oii/low, Mr. , Mr. Serjeant Hooper,

/ Sir Richard Hoar, Sir Tho. Hanmere, Mr. Manley, Mr. Walpole, Mr. JefferyesMr. Attorney General, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Firman, Mr. Mr. Finch,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr. Ward, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nicholas, "Lord Harley, Lord Bruce, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Secretary St. John, Sir Pouys, Sir

house, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Mr. Sir Geo,

War burton, Mr. Bellafyfe And they are to meet this Evening, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That her Majesty’s Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Queen's Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-Speech to be ing, take into Consideration her Majesty’s most gracious considered. gp^h tQ both Houses of Parliament.

Votes to be Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker: And that he do appoint the Printing thereof: And that no other Person presume to print the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatiy 8* die Decembris;

Anno io* Anns Regins, 1711. Praters.

Grand SiRDERED, That the Grand Committee for Religion Committees. do fit every Tuesday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand-Committee for Trade do fit every. Friday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be appointed of Mr. Freman, Mr. Lord of Privileges.

Wm.Powlet, Sir James Mountague, Mr. Palmes, Mr.

Bathurst, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Letchmere,

Mr. Farrer, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Bellafyfe, Mr. Foley, Mr. Serjeant Birch,

Mr. Conyers, Mr. North, Mr. Raida, Mr. Burslem, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Wrightson, Lord Castlecomber, Mr. Chapman,

Sir Wm.Gifford, Mr. Laugharn, Me.Guido! t, Mr. Bertie,

Dr. Hutton, Sir Richard Oii/low, Sir Gilbert Dolben,

Mr. Powlett, Sir John Norris, Mr. Gery, Mr. Sheppard,

Mr. Herne, Mr. Shacklerly, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Man-

ley, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Peter King, Sir Geo. Bing,

Sir Edward Tumor, Mr. Gape, Sir Richard How, Sir

Robert Jenk inf on, Mr. Pytts, Mr. FLord

Mr. Smith, Mr. Gifford, Mr. Goring, Mr. Campion,

Colonel Byerley, Mr. Fffington, Mr. Sir

Isham, Sir Jacob Aflley, Mr. Solicitor General, M r. ney, Mr. Snell, Mr Page, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Heysham,

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Port man, Mr. Granville, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Goulfton, Mr. Bulteel, Sir Tho.

Wheat, Mr. Fitch, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Annesley, Sit

John Stonehouse, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir

Sir Jof Jekyll, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Newdiga/e, Mr ther, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Barlow, Mr. Wynn, Lord

Compton, Mr. Quick, Mr . Hardre/s, Mr. Smith, Sir Jennings, Mr. Fox, Mr. Monckton, Sir Mr. Johnston, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. Duncomb, Mr.

Heysham, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Lockhart, Mr.

Mr. Bayley, Sic Arthur Kay, Mr. Masters, Lord Harley,

Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Jeffereyes, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Millington, Mr. Annejley, Sir Tho.

Mr. Laufon, She Geo. Newland, Mr. Dalby, Mr. Lloyd,

Mr. Rolle, Lord Finch, Mr. Erie, Mr. Nicholas, Mr.

Anftis, Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr. Newland, Mr.

Lambert, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Tho.

Hanmer, Mr. Carter, Mr. Lutivich, Mr.

Brigadier Maftiam, Sir Wm. Carew, Mr. Phelipps, Mr.

Cefar, Mr. Wal'd, Sir Hen.Houghton, Sir Cha. Turner,

Sir/Cot. Hardress, Dr. Pajk, Mr. Pugh, Mr. Eversfeild,

Mr. Hedges, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Lewes, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Patrick Johnston, Mr Robinson, Sir Mr.

Berners, Mr. Bowhey, Mr. Sharp, Sir Geo. Dozening,

Mr. Gould, Colonel King, Mr. Cotton, Sir William Withers, Mr. Serjeant Comyns, Dr. Mr. Har-

ley: And they are to meet upon We next, at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, in the Afternoon; And all that come are to have Voices:

And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns,

Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns, in the First Place; and to Report their Proceedings, with their Opinion therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question Returns are to do it in Fourteen Days next; and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information:

And all Members who are returned for two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve; provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place:

And if any thing shall come in Question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right Usual Orders, to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Peti-

Justice do fit every Saturday, in the Afternoon, in the tion, touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, House. 0 the

Stafford

Writ.

io Ann. 8°

the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That in case it shall appear, any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, as a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Persons.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respe&of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee 'thereof; or directly or indireCUy endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence; the same is declared to be an high Crime and Misdemeanor: And this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offenders.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before the House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offenders.

Resolved, That for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, the same is an high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House; and the Key delivered to the Clerk of this House, to be locked up by him: And that he do not presume to deliver up the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber, every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Galleries thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, That, from Nine a Clock in the Morning to Three in the Afternoon, during this Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple-bar and Westmin-fier-hall, be kept free and open; and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take care there be no Gaming, or other Disorders in hall, or Passages leaiding to the House, during the Sitting of the Parliament: And that there be no Annoyances, by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster: And that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care. That no Footmen be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That no Committees do fit in the Morning, without the special Leave of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Stafford, in the room of the honourable Henry Pagett Esquire; who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Captain of Yeomen of Guards.

Vol. 17.

3

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of

Cornwall, in the room of the Right honourable George Henry Lord Duplin; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Tellers of her Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the' Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Fowey, in the room of Henry Vincent junior, Esquire; who since his Election

for the said Borough hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for victualing her Majesty’s Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Sou in the County of Surrey, in the room of John Cholmley Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in the County of Northumberland, in the room of Hutchinson Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, in the room of the honourable Peregrine Bertie Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chester, in the room of Sir Bunbury Baronet; who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Canterbury, in the room of Henry Lee Esquire; who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for victualing her Majesty’s Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Selkirk, in the room of John Pringle, of Haining, Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted of the Office of One of the Keepers of the Signet for Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Burghs of Wigtown, Whythern, Nezv Galloway, Stranraver, in the room of William Cock ran, of Killmaronnock, Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Burghs, hath accepted the Office of One of the Keepers of the Signet for Scotland.

A Petition of FrancisAnnejley Esquire, was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner flood Candidate to be elected a Burgess for this present Parliament at the Borough of in the County of Lancaster; but Sir Henry Houghton, by Bribery, Imprisonment of Voters, and other illegal Practices, procured a Majority of Votes, several of which were not qualified; whereby he is returned a Burgess to serve ia this present Parliament; although the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and was duly elected: And praying the Confederation of the House, and Justice in the Preraifes, as to the House should seem meet

Ordered,

Fowey Writ.

Ditto.

Southwark

Writ.

Berwick upon Tweed Writ.

Boston Writ.

Chesttr

Writ

Canterbury

Writ.

Selkirk

Writ.

Wigtown

Writ.

Preston

Writ

Pembrook

Ckdion.

Ditto.

4 8° Decembris.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of LewisWogan Esquire was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, That at the Election for a Burgess to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Pembrook, Sir Arthur Owen Baronet, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates; and that the Mayor and Bur* gestes of the Borough of Wifon, in the County of brook, have a Right, together with the Mayor and Burgesses of Pembrook, and the Liberties thereof, and the Mayor and Burgesses of Tenby, and the Liberties thereof, to vote at such Election; and ought to have public Notice given them thereof: And that the said Mayor of Wiston, and divers Burgesses, appeared, and offered to vote for the Petitioner at the said Election j but were refused by the Mayor of Pembrook; who denied their Right; and admitted divers Persons to vote for Sir Arthur Owen who were not legally entitled to vote: By means whereof, and of Bribery, Corruption, and other undue Practices, the said Sir Ar Owen procured him-

self to be returned Burgess to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough of Pembrook; and the Petitioner, though chosen by a great Majority of legal Electors, is excluded from his just Right: And praying Consideration of the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Mayor and divers Burgesses of the ancient Borough of Wiston, in the County of Pembroke, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Burgesses of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Borough is an ancient Borough by Prescription; and their Mayor and Burgesses, and also the Mayor and Burgesses of Pembrook, and the Liberties thereof together with the Mayor and Burgesses of Tenby, and the Liberties thereof, have a Right to vote at the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Pembrook; and have frequently exercised that Right; and Notice has been given them by the Mayor of Pembrook in order thereunto: But Sir Arthur Owen Baronet, to gain the Government of Pembrook wholly into his own Hands, in 1704, procured himself to be elected Mayor, although by the Charters he was not qualified so to be; and so continued illegally for Two Years; during which time he admitted great NuYnbers of his Dependants, Tenants, and Servants, who did not live within the Liberties of Pembroke, to be Common Councilmen and Burgesses, contrary to the Charters and By-Laws of the said Borough; thereby intending to bring the Election for the said Borough into his own Power, and deprive the Petitioners of their Right therein: That Sir Arthur hath procured divers of his Dependants, of mean Fortunes, who were not Housholders in the Town, to be elected Mayors; who have irregularly admitted divers unqualified Persons Burgesses of Pembroke; and the present Mayor, Joseph Rickfon, solicited in the last Election for

Sir Arthur; and proceeded thereto, without giving the Petitioners Notice’ thereof, as the Law requires; yet they, and others, Burgesses of Wiston, resorting to the said Election, were in a riotous manner menaced by Sir Arthur Owen, and his Agents; and their Votes for Lewis Wogan Esquire were refused by the said Mayor,

who denied the Petitioners..... thereto; by which,

and other undue Practices, the said Sir Arthur Owen procured himself to be returned; and the Petitioners are in Danger of losing their just Privilege of voting in Elections to parliament for ever: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter

thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of RuJJeU Robarts Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for withiell, in Cornwall, Alexander John the Mayor was guilty of many indirect Practices, and admitted Persons to vote for Hugh Fortcfcuc Esquire, who, according to the Resolution of the last House of Commons, had no Right to vote; and permitted several others, though not qualified, to vote also for the said Mr.;

and refused several legal Votes for your Petitioner; and wrongfully returned Mr. though the

Petitioner had the Majority of legal Votes: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House,

A Petition of the chief Magistrates and Assistants of the said Borough of Lejlwithiel was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by the Constitution of the said Borough, a new Mayor ought to be elected every Year; yet one Alexander John, by indirect Practices, hath continued, and acted, as Mayor, for about Six Years; and, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament, was guilty of illegal Practices, by rejecting several legal Voters for Robarts

Esquire, and wb° were so adjudged by Parliament; and though Mr. Robarts had 18 Votes, and Hugh. Fortescue Esquire but Three, yet the said Mayor returned Mr. Fortescue; in Violation of the Rights of the said Borough: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Major General George Hamilton was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Commissioners for the Burghs of Anfruther Easter, Piltenweem, Anfruther Weser, Kilrenny and CrailXe, in the County of Fife, did, on the 27th of October 1710, meet at Pittenweem, to choose a Burgess to represent them in Parliament: That the Petitioner was duly elected for the said District, as appears by the Minutes taken at the Election: That Three in Five, who could claim any Right to vote, voted for the Petitioner: That, without any Answer made to the Petitioner’s Protestations, founded on Law, and Matters of Fact, the Sheriff, and Clerk of the Meeting, returned Sir John Anfruther, alone, without the least Appearance of a Majority: And praying the House to examine the Merits of the Election; a pretended Commissioner for Piltenweem being permitted to vote, though he was not elected thereto; and to give such Relief as shall maintain the Rights of the Commons, and the legal Constitution of Parliaments.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of William Perm and Richard Jones Esquires was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the last Election of Barons to serve in this Parliament, for the Port of Winchelsea, in Sussex, the Petitioners, with Robert Brifow Esquire, and Sir Francis Dashwood Baronet, stood Candidates: That the Mayor took on him the Office of Maj'or, though not qualified; he having not taken the Sacrament within the time limited by Law; and he polled several unqualified Persons against

the

LoftwithieU

Election.

Ditto.

Anftrother,

See.

Election.

Winehelfet

Eieftion.

TT'Vj

Ci

Weymouth

Election.

Address on the Queen’s Speech.

ioAnn. 8° — 10° Decembris. 5

the Petitioners; and refused several, that were qualified, to poll for them: And the Mayor, Sir Francis Dq/h-ivood, and Mr. Bristow, were guilty of Bribery, and Threatening} and thereby procured several Votes; notwithstanding which, the Petitioners had the Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but the Mayor refused the fame; and returned Sir Francis Dajkivood. and Mr. Brijiow, in Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb , in the County of Dorset, in the room of Anthony Henley Esquire, deceased.

Colonel Byerley reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to draw up an Address, to be presented to her Majesty, upon the Resolution of the House Yesterday, That they bad drawn up an Address accordingly; and had directed him to report the same to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament aflera-bled, beg Leave to return our sincere and hearty Thanks for your Majesty’s most gracious Speech from the Throne; wherein your Majesty, by expressing your great Care and Concern, in so particular a Manner, for the Protestant Religion, which, above all Things, is most dear to us; for those Laws and Liberties which make us peculiarly happy above other Nations; and for the Succession of the House of Hanover, as limited by Parliament, upon which the future Security of our Religion, Laws, and Liberties, depends; has given us a fresh Demonstration, that your Majesty has nothing so much at Heart, as the Safety and Happiness of your People.

Having an entire confidence in your Majesty’s Wisdom and Goodness; in your Honour and Justice to your Allies; and in your particular Care of your own Sub-jeds; we cannot but express our Satisfaction in what your Majesty has been pleased to declare, of the just and honourable Peace your Majesty has in View.

This was the End for which your Majesty entered into the War; and nothing can add more to the Glory of your Reign, than, after the many unparalleled Successes in the Course of this War, to have your Majesty conclude it with the Blessing of such a Peace; which, we cannot doubt, will be rendered secure and lasting, by your Majesty’s pursuing the wife Resolutiou you have taken, of entering into the strictest Engagements for continuing the Alliance to that End.

And we presume to assure your Majesty, we will take all possible care to preserve that Unanimity your Majesty has recommended to us; and use our utmost Endeavours to disappoint, as well the Arts and Designs of those who, for private Views, may delight in War, as the Hopes the Enemies may have vainly entertained of receiving Advantage from any Division among us.

We entirely concur with your Majesty, that the best Way to bring this Treaty to good Effect, is to make an early Provision for the next Campaign: For which Purpose, notwithstanding the heavy Burthens, which, during this long and expensive War, your Majesty’s Subjects have undergone, we will, with the greatest Alacrity, grant such effectual and speedy Supplies, as shall enable your Majesty to carry on the War with Vigour; and convince your Enemies, if the intended

Vol. 17.

Negotiations should prove ineffectual, that no Amusements nor Attempts whatsoever can alter our firm and stedfast Resolution of supporting the best of Sovereigns in carrying on so just a War, till a safe, tailing, and honourable Peace may be procured for your Miy'efty, and all your Allies.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Address.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty’s Pleasure, when she will be attended by the House.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration her Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament:

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to her Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That her Majesty’s Speech be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, N ine a Clock.

Lunce, 10° die Decembr is;

Anno xo° Annae Reginae, 1711.

Pkayehs.

A PETITION of Samuel GledhiU, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That at the late Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Carlisle, Sir James Mountague, Brigadier Stamoix, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That several qualified Persons offered to vote for the Petitioner, and were refused; yet others were admitted to vote for Sir James Mountague that had no Right; by reason whereof, and by Bribery, and other undue Practices, of Sir James and his Agents, he has got himself returned, to the Petitioner’s Prejudice, who had the Majority of legal Votes; and ought to have been returned accordingly: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Common Highway between the Town of Great Yarmouth and Caister, in the said County, is very much broken; whereby the Carriage of Goods was not only chargeable, but dangerous: That the Hundreds of and WestFlegg are willing to aid the Town of Caister to

make a new causeway over such Part of the Denes as lies in Caister Parish, so as Great Yarmouth Town make a new causeway over such Part of the Denes as belongs to the said Town, or to the North Gate thereof; That the Town of Great Yarmouth hath consented thereto, the same being a publick Benefit; but cannot be done without an Act of Parliament: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill into this House for making a new causeway over the Denes, between the N orth Gate of Yarmouth, and the Lane’s End at Caister aforesaid: And also,

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Norfolk met at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden for the said County, at the Castle of Nor-ivich, July nth, 1711, was presented to the House, and

C read;

The Queen’s Speech considered.

Supply.

Carlisle

Election.

causeway over the Denes at Yarmouth.

Derby Writ

Pebles

Election.

The Queen appoints to be attended.

Su^.

Privilege — Arrest of a Member.

Sniveling

Writ.

Flint Writ.

6

read; setting forth, That it being necessary a causeway should be made over the Denes, between the Towns of Great Yarmouth and Caister, in the said County; the Owners and Occupiers of Lands in East and Weji Flegg and Yarmouth, were come to an Agreement for that Purpose; which they had flgnified to the Petitioners, and begged Petitioners Endeavours to obtain an Act for that Purpose: And praying Leave for bringing a Bill into this honourable House for making a newi causeway over the Denes, between the North Gate of Great Yarmouth, and the Lane’s End at in the said County of Norfolk

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petitions: And that Mr. Fenner, Sir Jacob AJtley, and Mr. England, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electinga Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, in the room of Sir Richard Leving, Knight and Baronet; who,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Attorney General of

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Commissioner for the Shire of , in the room of Alexander Murray, Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of Trade for that Part of Great Britaifi called Scotland.

Mr. Secretary St. John reported, That her Majesty, having been waited upon, humbly to know her Pleasure, when ffie will be attended by the House, her Majesty hath been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, at her Palace of St. s.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made on Saturday last, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Complaint being made to the House, That John Bolder Esquire, a Member of this House, and Deputy Governor of Tilbury Fort, hath been arrested by Lieutenant General Cnolmondley, Governor of the said Fort; and is detained in Prisonj in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go, in the Name of this House, and demand the said Mr. Bolder to attend the Service of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electinga Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Strivin the room of Sir Hugh Paterfone, of Bannockborn; who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of Trade for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writfor the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Flint, in the room of Sir Roger Mojlyn Baronet; who, since his Election for the said County, 22

A. 171 x.

hath accepted the Office of Paymaster of her Majesty’s Marine Regiments.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of in the County of Suffolk; and also of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes lying near the Road, commonly called the Pye Road, in the County aforesaid; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the common Road, leading from Ipswich aforesaid to in the said County, and Pye Pond aforesaid, beginning in the Parish of St. Matthew's, \n Ipswich, and leading through the Parishes of Whitton, Akenham, Cleydon, Creating, Earl Stonham, Little Stonham, Mendlesham, Brockford, Thwayt, Stoake Ash, Yaxley, and being

about Fifteen Miles in Length, is Part of the great Road from the City of Nonoich, Towns of aforesaid, and Colchester, in the County of Essex; is grown so bad and ruinous, that it is almost impassable for the greatest Part of the Year; and that the Expence of repairing the same is more than the Petitioners are able to discharge: Aud praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better repairing the said Road, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Hanmer and Sir Robert Davers do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 11° die Decembris;

Anno 10* Annae Regince, 1711.

Prayers.

MR. Ferrier presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to make a causeway over the Denes, from Great Yarmouth to Caister, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Owners of Ships, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made for preserving and inlarg-ing the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the said County, the Petitioners have laid out considerable Sums: That the said Harbour formerly lying open to the North-weft, the Petitioners had suffered greatly thereby; their Ships being often forced from their Moorings, and loft upon the Rocks: That the like Misfortunes will be prevented, by the Works making for their Security on that Side: But, the Trade of the Place declining, the Duties not railing so much, and the Charge of deepening and fer curing the Harbour being greater than expected, the Petitioners cannot, upon the Credit of the former Act, complete the intended Improvements at the said Harbour: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Duties, by the former Act granted, upon Coals, Trade, and Shipping, for a longer Term.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lowther and Air. Laiof on do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Speaker reported. That he did, Yesterday, with the House, present their Address to her Majesty: And that her Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer thereunto; viz.

This very dutiful Address is what I expected from the Zeal and Loyalty of such an House of Commons;

I return you my hearty Thanks for the Confidence you

have

i o° — 110 Decembris.

Ipswich, frr Road.

causeway over the Denes at Yarmouth.

Whitehaven

Harbour.

Answer to

Address.

j Supply.

Navy and Army Estimates, &c.

Public

Accounts.

ioAnn. ii° — i 2° — 13 7

have in me: I intirely rely upon your Assurances: And you may depend upon my Affection, and Care for your Interests.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty, the Resolution they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to her Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to her Majesty.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply to be granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1712, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an Estimate of the Land Forces, for the Year 1712, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an Estimate of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1712, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an Account of the particular Expences for the Ordinary of the Navy, on the several Heads thereof, for the last Year, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an Account of the present Debt of the Navy, upon the respective Heads thereof, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an Account of the Subsidies to her Majesty’s Allies, pursuant to the respective Treaties, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an Account be laid before this House of what Monies have been paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Funds granted the last Year.

Resolved, That an Account of the present Debt of the Office of Ordnance be laid before this House.

Resolved, That the Auditors of the Imprefts do lav before this House a Certificate how far the Imprest Accountants have passed their Accounts.

Resolved, That the Officers of the Mint do lay before this House an Account of the Deficiency of the Money produced by the Coinage of Plate brought in upon the Lottery Act of 17x1, after the 14thDay of May 1711, at such Rates and Prices as had been agreed to by this House.

Resolved, That the Officers of the Mint, in England, do also lay before this House an Account of what is due to the Moneyers for re-coining the Money of Scotland, and their Charges incident thereunto.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay the said Estimates and Accounts before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for taking, examining, and Hating, the publick Accounts of this Kingdom, do lay before this House an Account of their Proceedings in the Execution of that Commission, as soon as conveniently they can.

And then the House adjourned till To-morow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. 17.

Mercurii, 12° die Decembris \

Anno 10* Anna? Reginae, 1711. Prayers.

MR. Lowther, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill for inlarging the Term for the Payment of certain Duties, granted in and by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for preserving and inlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland: And the same was received; and read the Firff time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

1

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of George Courtenay Esquire; who, fiuce his Election for. tjhe said Borough, hath accepted, the Office of one of the Commissioners for victualling her Majesty’s Navy.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply to be granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House wiH please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That be was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, after the said Report, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 130 die Decembris \ Anno 10° Annas Regina, 1711. Praters.

MR. Secretary St. John reported to the House, That their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That she would be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay the several Estimates and Accounts therein mentioned before this House; her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions accordingly.

Sir John Leak presented to the House, pursuant to the Address to her Majesty, the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1712:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The said Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Sum which will be wanting to make up the Sum of Five hundred Sixty-eight thousand Two hundred Seventy-nine Pounds Ten Shillings for the Fund of the South Sea Company, and Eight thousand Pounds, for Charges of Management of the Affairs of the said Company; amounting together to Five hundred Seventy-six thousand Two hundred Seventy-

nine

Whitehaven

Harbour.

Newport

Writ.

Supply.

Answer to Addrefr.

South Sea

Company'*

Fund.

Coventry

Ele&ioo.

Supply.

8

13° Decembris. A. 1711.

nine Pounds ten Shillings; for the Year commencing from Chrifmas 1711 j be laid before this House.

A Petition of William Trcenc senior, Mayo senior, Joseph Mayo, junior, William and

James Mayo, on behalf of themselves, and other Members of the Company of Fullers, and Freemen of the City of Coventry; and of Ralph Whitehead, Thomas Clarke, Richard Nicklin, Henry Clarke, and Thomas Craner, in behalf of themselves, and many Score of other Freemen of the said City of Coventry; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have been Apprentices in the said City, and served Seven Years: That they, and their Mailers, always enjoyed all Privileges, and done all Duties, belonging to the Freemen thereof; but that, at the Election for Members of Parliament for the said City, the 18th of October 1710, the Petitioners were debarred, by the Sheriff, of their Right of Voting, under Pretence of a Resolution of this House; whereby it was determined, That the Right of Election was only in Freemen serving their Apprenticeships in the said City: That the Petitioners the Fullers, and their Predecessors, are, for the Benefit of their Fulling-mills, compelled to live out of

Town, and pay to the Church and Poor, and serve all Offices belonging to their Company in the said City; and the Petitioners of other Trades have been admitted to Votes, for many Years; and all of them have undoubted Claim to it, by the constant Method of Election in the said City: And praying, That their Right may be ascertained; and Reparation for the Injury sustained, by Denial of their Votes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elep-tions: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Peyton presented to the House, pursuant to the Address to he^ Majesty, an Account of the Deficiency of the Money produced by the Coinage of Plate brought in upon the Lottery Act for 1711, after the 14th Day of May 1711: And also.

An Account of what is due to the Moneyers for re-coining the Money of Scotland, and their Charges incident thereunto:

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as follow; viz.

Gross Weight received. Price allowed. Standard Weight. Monies produced.

oz. d.wt. £. i. d. lb. oz. d.wt. gr. £ d.

Plate of the old Standard, received after the )

14th Day of May 1711, at 5$. $d. pert Ounce - - - - -j 58,588 5 15*867 13 — 4,684 7 0 11 14,538 5 6

Plate of the new Standard, received after the \ same 14th Day of M,at 5 8 pert Ounce - - - - -)

25,608 0 7,255 12 — 2,208 1 3 15 6,851 9 7

Standard of uncertain Plate, received after) 17,095.12 1,424 7 12 9

the same Day, at 5 s.6 d. per Ounce -3 4* 0 M O IO 4,418 18 4

Silver got out of the Sweep of the said Plate - 100 6 3

Totals - 101,281 17 27,824 11 2 8,317 3 16 u 25,908 19 8

Deficiency ----- - r - - - - £ 1,915 11 6

xsu

Mint Office, Cra. Peyton,

12 December 1711. If. Newton,

Phelipps.

An ACCOUNT of what is due to the Moneyers for re-coining the Monies of Scotland, and their Charges

incident thereunto.

The Silver Monies coined at Edinburgh by the Moneyers were, in Weight, 103,346 lb. wt.; and the Coinage thereof, at gd. per Pound Weight, allowed to them by her Majesty’s Warrant of the 12th of July 1707, amounted unto the Sum of £.3,875. gs. 6d.: Whereof, they have received of Mr. Allardes, the late Mailer and Worker of her Majesty’s Mint at Edinburgh, the Sum of £. s. d. £.1,429. 6s.2|d.; and there remains due to them the Sum of - - - - -2,446 3 3J

More due to them, by the same Warrant, for the Charges of the Journies of Five Moneyers to

Edinburgh, and Four of them back, after the Rate of Eight Pounds per Journey - - - 72 ——

More due to them, by the same Warrant, for an Allowance of 3;. per diem each, when there was not One thousand Pound Weight coined in One Week - - - - -182 2 —

Mint Office,

December the 12th, 1711.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Forty thousand Men be employedintheSeaService, for the year 1712; including Eight thousand Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Total - - £.2,700 5 31

Cra. Peyton,

If. Newton,

E. Phelipps.

That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Menfem, be allowed for maintaining the said Forty thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Questions severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr.

Coinage of Plate, See.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

io Ann. i 3° — 14®

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to tit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjouruned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 140 die Decembrist

Anno io® Ann® Regin®, 1711.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That some of the Commissioners of the Customs attended;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Direction of an Act of the nth and 12th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, several Accounts of prohibited East India Goods; and also, pursuant to another Act of the 10th and 11th Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, several Accounts of Naval Stores from Rnjjia.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read; and are as follow; viz.

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods at the Warehouse at St. Helen; with what has been brought into the said Warehouse, what exported, and what remains; from the 29th of September 1710, to the 25th of March 1711: As also,

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods at the Warehouse at Leaden-hall; with what has been brought into the said Warehouse, what exported, and what remains; from the 29th of September 1710, to the 25 th of March 1711: As also.

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods brought into her Majesty’s Warehouse at the Custom-house, London; with what has been exported, and what

remains; from Michaelmas 1710, to Lady Day 1711: As also.

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods at the Warehouse at St. Helens; with what has been brought into the said Warehouse, what exported, and what remains; from the 25th of March 1711, to the 29th of September 1711: As also.

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods at the Warehouse at Leaden-hall; with what has beeu brought into the said Warehouse, what exported, and what remains; from the 25th of March 1711, to the 29th of September 1711: As also.

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods brought ip to her Majesty’s Warehouse at the Custom-house London; with what has been exported, and what

remains; from Michaelmas 1710, to Lady Day 1711: As also.

An Account of the Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1710, to Michaelmas 1711; As also,

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Rti/fta into the Out-ports, from Michaelmas 1710, to Michaelmas 1711.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Voi. 17.

Decembris. 9

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Norwich Commonalty, of the City of Norx was presented Work-houfr. to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the War, Decay of Trade, and the Idleness of many People, the Poor are very much increased in the said-City: That, it has been found, the Erecting of Work-houses has been the bell Method for Prevention thereof;

And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for the Erecting aWork-house there.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Berney, Mr. Bene, and Mr. Ferrier, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Assize of explain the Act, of the last Session of Parliament, inti- Fewel. tuled. An Act for making more effectual an Act, of the 43d Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled,

An Act concerning the Assizes of Fewel; so far as it relates to the Assize of Billet, in regard to Beech-wood Billet: And that Sir William Whitlock and Mr. Farrer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow: viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £.180,000 be allowed for the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1712.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £.2,700. 5 3 be granted to her Majesty, for satisfying the Charges of re-coining the Monies of Scotland,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £.1,915. 11s. 6d. be granted to her Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Monies produced by the Coinage of Plate, brought in upon the Lottery Act, after the 14th Day of May 1711.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself Ways and into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Means. Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

D

Ways and Mt&n8.

IO

15° Decembris.

A.

1711

causewa y OTfr the Denes at Yarmouth.

Sabbati, 150 die Decembris;

Anno io* Annas Reginas, 1711.

Prayers.

A BILL to make a causeway over the from Great Yarmouth to Caister, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Gzoynn, Sir Ro.Davers, Mr. Vernon, Sir Tho. Rowell, Sir Richard How, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Burslem, Sir Edward Williams, Mr. Miltoni, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Dyott, Sir Nic. Morice, Mr. Gifford, Mr. Phelipps,

General Regiment

Lieutenant General Wood's Horse - / Lieutenant General Cadogan's

J Lieutenant General Palmes’s I The Marquis of

Mr. Renda, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Ward, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Manley, Mr. Bayly, Mr. Cross, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Gery, Sir Gifford, Sir GilbertDolben, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Duncomb; and all that serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Chancellor of the EKchequer presented to the House, pursuant to the Address to her Majesty, an Estimate of the Forty thousand Alen, to act, in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies, in the Low Countries; with the Charge thereof} for the Year 171a.

And the Title thereof was read.

The laid Estimate is as followeth } viz.

rtraimnn. 5 Earl of Stair’s Dragoons, j Genera] Rq/ys

Foot -

r Royal Regiment Colonel Selwynn's Lieutenant General Webb’s Lord North and Grey's Alarquis of Hertford’s Brigadier Durell’s Lieutenant General Ingoldsby’s Earl of Orrery’s

Alajor General Sabine's Alajor General Primrose's Brigadier Preston’s Colonel Newton’s General Erie's Major General Evans's -Colonel Pocock’s

General Officers ——

Contingencies, upon Account -Forage and Waggon-money, upon Account -

English brought forward f Danes

*»« ut:.:

£ Hannover and Cell

Bread Waggons for the 40,000 Men -

For Forage, Waggon-money, and Recruits, for the Foreigners, } pursuant to the Treaties, on Account i

Numbers.

- 598

- 400

- 400

400

400

662

m 662

1,876

938

- 938

- 938

m 938

- 938

m 938

- 938

m 938

- 938

938

938

938

- 938

834

2,198

1,324

T4.904

Charge per Ann.

£ s. d.

122,153 6 8

46,233 6 8

18,426

s.

36,195 —

10,000 — 20,634 6

d.

TO

258,164 IO

426,551 3 4

Total for the English -

66,829 7 1

£ 493,380 10 5

Numbers.

18,426

6,000 -

2,532 .3,080

10,000 21,6l2

40,038

- 1 20,000

- J 20,000

493,380 10 5

116,282 15 o 43,018 18 6

53,68.5 ——

171,329 10 —

[877,696 13 11

Totajl

40,000 ——

X/917,696 13 11

G. Granv.

Ordered, That the said be referred to the

Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to coufuler further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to

25

consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.

, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That

C,

II

io Ann. 150 — 17

That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, an Aid, not exceeding 4 s.in the Pound, be raised, in the Year 1712, upon all Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Rents, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed: And that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty for the Union, confirmed by Acts of Parliament, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Houfo doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards the Supply ranted to her Majesty, an Aid, not exceeding 44. in the ound, be raised, in the Year 1712, upon all Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Rents, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed: And that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty for the Union, confirmed by Acts of Parliament,'be laid upon that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Thomas Powys, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. and Mr.

Thomas Harley, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

The Order of the Day being read; tupply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 170 die;

Anno to* Annae, Regina, 1711. Prayers.

Norwich TV/CR. Berney presented to the House, according to 'Work-bode. JLVX Order, a Bill for erecting a Work-house in the City and County of the City of for the better

employing and maintaining the Poor there: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Recruiting Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Land Forces, recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1712: And that Mr. Manley and Sir Cha. Hedges do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Midhurst Ordered, That Mr. Speaker doifiue his Warrant to V,nL the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of

Sussex, in the room of Robert Or me Esquire, deceased.

0 Decembris.

Lieutenant General Erie presented to the House, Ordnance pursuant to the Address to her Majesty, an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1712, for Land Service: And also.

The Debt of the Office of Ordnance, to the 30th of November 1711,

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Debt were read;

The said Estimate and Debt are as follow; viz.

The Estimate r

The Charge of the Train in Flanders, 45,000 — — -The Ordinary of the Office, comprising Salaries, Rent, Repairs of Storehouses, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, and other incident Charges -,----- 28,273 13 9

To 200 Tons of Salt-petre, for Supply of the Stores ----- - 10,600 — —

The yearly Charge of an Engineer, and Store-keeper, at Jamaica - - - 456 5 —

The yearly Charge of Powder for Portugal, according to the Treaty - - 10,074 5 —

The yearly Charge of an Engineer at New York-, and of an Engineer,

Bombardiers, Gunners, and Matrofies, at Neiv England, and Annapolis Royal

in Nova Scotia ----- -- 2,345 2 6

The yearly Charge of the Officers,

Fire-workers, Bombardiers, Artificers,

Gunners, and Matrofies, of the Train

in Spain ----- --- - 11,220 2 6

The yearly Charge of the Officers,

Fire workers, Gunners, Matrofles, and Artificers, at Port Mahon - - - - 4,544 5 —

The yearly Charge of Officers, Engineers, Fire-workers, Bombardiers,

Gunners, and Artificers, at Gibraltar 3,631 15 — The yearly Charge of Officers, Bombardiers, Gunners, and others, belonging to the Artillery, in the North Part

of Great Britain ----- - 1,475 18 9

For finishing the Fortifications and Barracks at Block house Point at Portsmouth - -- - 6,142 5 4 For carrying on the Buildings of the Fortifications in North Britain - - 4,428 6 9$

I. 130,091 19 7*

Memorandum: There is no Demand yet made for supplying the Train in Spain, and the Garrisons of Gibraltar and Port Mahon, with Ordnance Stores.

C. Musgrave, Thos. Erie, Wm. Bridges, Edward Ja. Craggs.

Vo i. 17.

Debt

12

170 — 1S0 D

a:

1711.

Debt of the Office of Ordnance, to the 30th November 1711 DUE to Artificers, and others, for Stores delivered, and Services performed To the Train in Flanders ——

To the Train in Spain -

To the Train at Port Mahon - -

To the Tram at Gibraltar -

To Powder to Portugal, per Estimation ——

To Fire-workers, Bombardiers, and Carpenters, on board Bomb Vessels To an Engineer, and Gunners, at Barbados -To an Engineer, and Store-keeper, at Jamaica -

To an Engineer at New York, and the Train at Annapolis Royal -To the Fortifications in North Britain ——

£-24,180

i7.258

8,309

2,462 3>945 41.7*5 —

s. 8 11

1

16

3

d.

7*

6t

8*

11

8

*.7*4 *5

815 7 "

1,410 4 —

2,271 5 6

Tallies and South Sea Stock in the Treasurer’s Hands towards paying the said Debt.

After what Sums payable.

104,582 13 11*

Tallies.

144J. Aid -

Malt, 1711 -

Hops, 1711

Subsidies, 1709 -

Candles, 1710

Stock in the South Sea Company Monies -

£ 4.

1,808,866 ——

447,418 4 4 *62,347 3 3f

129,651 15 —

256>495 *4 8*

£ s- "

- 2,634 ——

- 6,609 ——

- 3,262 ——

900 ——

- 4,900 ——

ii8,955 7 10

8,078 17 7$

5 5*

*45.339

Memorandum: Out of the above Tallies, and South Sea Stock, is to be* deducted, for buying of Lands for Fortifications - - - - $ ’ ’

So there remains in the Treasurer’s Hands, Tallies and Stock in the South Sea Company,-) amounting to- - -- -- ----- 5

l°3.339 5 ol-

Which reduces the Debt of this Office, to the 30th of November 1711, to 1,243 8 6{

C. Musgrave, Tho.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Debt be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Supply Bill; Mr. Conyers presented to the House, according to

Land Tax. Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain for the Service of the Year 171a: and the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ways and Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Treaty for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to 40,000 Men. her Majesty, That Ihe will be pleased to give Directions, that the Treaty whereby her Majesty is obliged to furnish Forty thousand Men, to act, in Conjunction with the Forces of her Majesty’s Allies, in the Low Countries, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Supply. ResolveedyTh&t this House will, upon Friday Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martisy 18° Decembris;

Anno 10* Annas Reginas, 1711. Prayers.

Ipswich, &c.* OIR Thomas Hanmer presented to the House, accord-oa"* ing to Order, a Bill for the better repairing and

amending the Road leading from to and

25

Erie, Wm. Bridges, Edward Ashe, Ja. Craggs.

the Road called the Pye Road, in the County of Suffolk:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Henry Hamilton Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner ec 10"' was duly electeda Commissioner to serve in this Parliament for the Town of Edinburgh-, but Sir Patrick John.

Jtone, late Provost of the said Town, procured himself to be elected, and returned, though incapable of serving; because, by the Constitution of the said Burgh, One of the Merchants, and One of the Trades, of the said Burgh, ought to be chose by Turns; and he, being a Merchant, andferved for the said Town in the last Parliament, ought not to have been returned in this; but the Petitioner, who is One of the said Trades, ought to have been returned: Besides which, many other illegal Practices were used for Sir Patrick Johnstone's Election; for that the Eight Deacons, or Heads, of the several Companies, or Trades, who used to vote, came and offered to take the Oaths, and to vote for the Petitioner; and Adam Brown,

Provost of the said Town, refused to give them the Oaths, or allow them to poll; and refused to make patent the Records of the said Town, though required, to clear several Disputes touching Elections for the said Town; and he admitted several Persons to vote for Sir Patrick, who had no Right; in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying, That the House will appoint a Day for hearing the Merits of the said Election; and give such Relief therein as shall be agreeable to Justice.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Bill for grantingan Aid to her Majesty, to be raised Supply Bill, by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Land Tax. Year 1712, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That 1 he Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,

io Ann. i 8° — 19 D. 13

Befolvcil, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve iil'elf into a Committee of the whole House, U|»on the said Bill.

.Mwrdeon A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of LamJ lax. t lie City of Aberdeen, in the Name of themselves, and the Community thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Royal Boroughs of Scotland have used to pay a Sixth Part of the Land Tax of that Part of the united Kingdom; which has been proportioned by the Convention of Boroughs, without any certain Rule or Standard, other than the Discretion of the Commissioners of the Burghs met in Convention; which Practice has beeti lately so far perverted, by de-ligning Men getting themselves elected Commissioners lor Boroughs, not being Traders or redding the rein, contrary to the ancient Rights and Privileges thereof, as evidently to tend to the Opprcdion of particular Boroughs, according to the humour of prevailing Parties in the Convention, and the overturning the Liberties of these Boroughs in Election of their Magistrates and Commissioners for Parliament; it being highly reasonable all Taxes and Subddies granted to her Majesty should be equally exacted from all her Subjects, according to fume Rule: And praying, That some Method may be afeertnined, according to which the said Convention shall direct themselves, in proportioning the respective Quotas of the Boroughs; and such Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Powell and Mr. Baron Lovell;

Mr. Speaker,

p referring The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for

tUil’rotcit.uit preserving the Protestant Religion, by better securing H eligion. the Church of England by Law established; and for confirming and supplying the Defects of the Toleration granted to Protestant Dissenters, by an Act, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects, difl’enting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws; and for the further securing the Proteliant Succession, by requiring the Praftifers of the Law in Norik Britain to take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration, therein mentioned: To which the Lords deli re the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefl’engers withdrew.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Assize of Sir William Whitlock presented to the House, accord-tcwel. ing Order, a Bill for explaining and altering the Laws now in being, concerning the Assizes of Fewel, so far as they relate to the Assize of Billet made of Beech-wood only: And the same was received.

Crullers and Sir William Drake, from the Commissioners of the Convoys. Admiralty, presented to the House an Account of the Ships which have been employed as Cruisers and Convoys in the Year 1711, over and above the Ships of War for the Line of Battle, and for Convoys to remote Parts; prepared in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom by Cruisers and Convoys.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Petition from \ Petition of John Brelt and Thomas Sutton, on Anon, uc. Gf themselves, and of the rest of the Inhabitants within the Township of Aston and Doxey, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth * *

Vol. 17.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Ward,

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr. Loxondcs,

Mr. Cotton, Mr. Dyntt, Captain Chapman, Mr. Gale,

Mr. Je/jop, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Gape, Mr. Mr.

RobinJ'on, Mr, f Tykes; and all that serve for the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, Worcester, and And

they are to meet this Afternoon at l ive a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Sir John Che/zvood, of Oakeley, in the Petition from County o f Stafford, Baronet, George Parker, of Parkhall, Sir J- Lhet-

and John Jervis, of Daral/lon, in the said County, Ef- wood’ quires, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That * *

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Brett and Thomas Sutton, on behalf of themselves, and the relt of the Inhabitants within the Town-ship oVAflon and Doxey, in the County of Stafford, is

referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Supply Bill; of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Land Tax. Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 171 is committed, That the same Commissioners be appointed for the Execution of the said Act, as were appointed by the Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1711, and no others.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee of the whole House, That they do provide in the Bill, That the Town of Salop be eased of the Sum of Four Pounds in their Quota for the Land Tax; being a Surcharge, by Mistake, in the Duplicate formerly returned.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do receive a Clause of Credit.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 19* die Decembrist

Anno to* Anna: Regina, 1711.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Preserving for preserving the Protestant Religion, by better ftieBiowitant securing the Church of England by Law established; C Iol°n’ and for confirming and supplying the Defects of the Toleration granted to Protestant Dissenters, by an Act, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects, difl'enting from the Church of from the Penalties of certain Laws; and for the further securing the Protestant Succession, by requiring the Praftifers of the Law in North Britain to take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration, therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, the First Business, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Land Tax/ the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised

E by

14 — 2 o° Decenibris. A. 1711.

by a Land Tax, in Gi'cat Britain, for the Service of the Year 171a;

Ordered, That it be an I nft ruction to the said Committee, to receive a Clause for transferring to the Register for the Loans to be taken in on that Tax, the principal Sums remaining over-paid, on the Register for the Land Tax, for the Service of the Year 1709; and such Interest thereof, as is payable for -the fame.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 20° die;

Anno xo# Ann® Regime, 1711.

Pra yers.

Preserving

the Protetlant

Religion.

THE Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingroSTed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the preserving the Protestant Religion, by better securing the Church of England by Law established; and for confirming, and supplying the Defects of, the Toleration granted to Protestant Dissenters, by an Act, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects, diSfenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws; and for the further securing the Protestant Succession, by requiring the Praftifers of the Law in North Britain to taketheOaths, and subscribe the Declaration, therein mentioned.

A Petition was offered to the House on behalf of the Dutch and French Protestant Churches:

And the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Windfortook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Windforreported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Windsor, according to Order, reported the said Amendments; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 18. after the Words " Royal Family," leave out " and shall be thereof convicted," and, instead thereof, insert " shall forfeit Forty Pounds; to be recovered, " by him or them that shall sue for the same, by any " Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any *f of her Majesty’s Courts at wherein no

" Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance: And be it " further Enacted, That every Person convicted in any 4* Action to be brought an aforesaid, or: "

In the Title, L. 4. leave out " and supplying the " Defects of:"

L. 10. after " Laws," insert " and for " supplying the Defects thereof."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

l5

Ordered, That the Bill be read now the Third time.

The Bill was accordingly read the Third time.

Resolved, Tha.t the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Windsor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary St. John reported to the House, That their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That lhe would please to give Direction, That the Treaty by which her Majesty is obliged to furnish 40,000 Men, to act, in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies, in the Loiv Countries, might be laid before this House;

her Majesty had given Direction accordingly: And, that, pursuant to such Direction, Search had been made, and that no Footfteps can be found of any Convention made for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, in the room of Henry Irelon Esquire, deceased.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That file will be pleased to direct, That an Account may be laid before this House of the Quotas and Proportions of her Majesty, and her Allies, by Sea and Land, during ihepresent War, includingSubfidies; and what Agreements or Conventions have been made for the said Quotas and Proportions; and also how the same have been observed.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Laws relating to Riots and Tumults; and to consider how the same may be made more effectual; and report their Opinion therein to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Bertie, Mr. Laiofon, Mr. Anne fey, Mr. Blackmore, Sir Win. Whitlocke, Mr. mondly, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Cotes, Mr. Ward, Mr. Goidfion, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Serjeant Webb, Mr. Comptroller, Captain Burgh, M M

Mr. Moor, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Mr. Laugh am,

Mr. Lutioich, Mr. Dunminique, Dr. Pajlc, Sir Richard

Onfoio, Captain Dyott, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. Berners, Sir Mr.

Duncomb, Mr. Robinson, Sir Alexander Cumyns, Sir Thomas Hanmer, Colonel Byerley, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Coventry, Colonel Graham, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir John Stonehouse, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Eversfield, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Gore, Dr. Hutton, Mr. Pytt, Mr. Freman, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Smith, Mr. Serjeant Corny ns-, and all that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and for the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for explaining and altering the Laws now in being, concerning the ASfizes of Fewel, so far as they relate to the ASfize of Billet made of Beech-wood only, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1712, was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout:

And

-Answer to Address.

Tewkedmry

Wm.

Quotas and Proportion* of Allies.

Laws re . luting to Riots, &c.

Assize of Fewel.

Supply Bill; Land Tax*

io Ann. 20° — 210

And several of them being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. ——

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr. Metier:

Mr. Speaker,

Preferring The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by the ProteHunt this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preserving Religion. the Protestant Religion, by better securing the Church of England by Law established; and for confirming, and supplying the Defeats of the Toleration granted to Protestant Dissenters, by an Act, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesties Protellant Subjects, difTenting from the Church of England from the Penalties of certain Laws; and for the further securing the Protestant Succession, by requiring the Praftifers of the Law in North Britain to take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bill; The House proceeded upon the Report of the

Land Tax. Amendments made to the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1712:

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were read a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That such Places as have been doubly taxed in respect of Papists, whose Estates are come to Protestants, should be eased:

And the Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

Then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Call of the Ordered That the House be called over upon

House. (he Fifteenth Day of January next: And that such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Venerisy 210 die Decembris;

Anno 1 o* Annas Reginas, 1711.

Prayers.

Whitehaven A BILL for enlarging the Term for the Payment of Harbour. f\ certain Duties granted in and by an Act of

Parliament, passed in the 7th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for preserving and inlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lmother, Mr. Mead, Sir Gilbert , Mr. Foley, Mr. Craggs,

Mr. Manley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. , Mr. , Mr.

Lawson, Sir Thomas Powell, Sir Robert Eden, Captain Burgh, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Ward, Dr. Hutton, Sir Isaac Rebow, the Earl of Hertford, Mr. Burslem, Mr.

Mitton, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. England, Colonel King, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mr. Gery, Mr.

Prise, Lord Lyon, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

Phelips, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Moor, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Bridges, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Gale, Sir Wm.

Whitlock,-Captain Monrow, Mr. Mr. Fumefe,

Mr. Earle, Sir George Downing; and all that serve for the Counties of Cumberland,

and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. 17.

Decembris. 15

A Petition of Thomas Carr and John Esquires, Chichester and other Freeholders, Inhabitants, and honorary Free- S’le<a‘un-men, of the City of Chichester, in the County of Siiftex, who have Right of voting for Members to represent the said City in Parliament, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners and Elfon,

being prevailed with by the Electors of the said City to Hand their Representatives to serve in the ensuing Parliament, gave Notice thereof to the present Mayor, the proper Magistrate that makes the Return; but the Mayor proceeded to Election before the Time appointed by an Act of Parliament in such same provided: Whereby the Petitioners, and others, by remote Distance from the said City, were deprived of giving their Votes for Members to serve in this Parliament: And the Mayor, upon polling Four or Five Persons only, although there be as many Hundreds have Right of voting for the said City, returned Two Members of his own setting up, to the Petitioners Prejudice: And praying such Relief as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, Supply Bill; to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Lan<1 Tax* Service of the Year 1712, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

P. 59. L. 14. to leave out " May," and insert " March

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, by a Land Tax in Great Britain for the Service of the Year 1712.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Lockhart, from the Commissioners for taking, Public examining, and Hating, the publick Accounts of the Accounts. Kingdom, made a Report of some Practices, which they have discovered in their Examinations, relating Mtrlborou;!l., to the Affairs of the Array; which he read in his Place; Conduct.* and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

YOUR Commissioners humbly represent, That, though they have nfed their utmost Application in taking and examining the public Accounts, yet they are unprepared to offer any perfect State of the particular Branches of the Revenue to the House: But will endeavour to lay before you, after the Recess, a General Account of the Receipts and Iffui"s of her Majesty’s Exchequer for the current Year 1711; which, they hope, is All will, for the present, be expected from them; as well in regard of the fliortness of the Time they have been engaged in this Work, as of the great Variety and Extent of it: They beg leave also to observe, That many of the Accounts are not yet completely brought before them; particularly those of the Army, which are very large and voluminous:

But, in the course of their Examinations, relating to the Affairs of the Army, They have already discovered some Practices, which they conceive highly detrimental to the Publick, and such as they are obliged to report to you.

In Obedience therefore to your Order, of Tuesday the nth instant, your Commissioners here present a State of several Fasts; which, with their Circumstances, and Proofs, they humbly offer to the Wisdom and Justice of the House.

Your Commissioners, having Ground to believe. That there had been some Mismanagements in making the Contracts for the Use of the Army, summoned, and examined Sir Solomon de Medina, the Contractor for the

Bread,

16 2i° Decem ’ 1711.

Public Bread, and Bread Waggons, in the L.o:o Countries Accounts. Who, after expressing much Uneasiness on the Appre- — 7 hensions he had of being thought an Informer, and of

M.iorougtr* accusing a great Man, did depose, on Oath;

Conduct. That, for the Years One thousand Seven hundred and Seven, One thousand Seven hundred and Eight, One thousand Seven hundred and Nine, One thousand Seven hundred and Ten, and One thousand Seven hundred and Eleven, he has been solely, or in Partnership, concerned in the Contracts for (applying Bread, and Bread Waggons, to the Forces in the Low Countries, in the Queen of G rent Britain's Pay: And that he gave to the Duke of Marlborough, for his own Use, on each Contract, the

several Sums following; Part of which was paid at the Beginning, and Part at the End, of each respective Contract, in Bills or Notes delivered, by the Deponent, into the Duke’s own I lands; viz.

For the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seven, Sixty-six thousand and Six hundred Guilders:

For the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eight, Sixty-two thousand Six hundred Twenty-five Guilders: For the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Nine, Sixty-nine thousand Five hundred Seventy-eightGuilders and Fifteen Stivers:

For the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ten, Sixty-six thousand Eight hundred and Ten Guilders Nineteen Stivers and Eight Penings:

Total i Two hundred Sixty-five thousand Six hundred and Fourteen Guilders Fourteen Stivers and Eight Penings:

For the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eleven, Twenty-one thousand Guilders; which Sum is, in Part of a like Sum with those abovementioned, intended to be paid at the End of the Contract for this Year:

That he was obliged to allow yearly, during the Time of his being Contractor, Twelve or Fourteen Waggons, gratis, to the Duke of Marlborough:

That during the Time of his being Contractor, as aforesaid, he gave, on sealing each Contract, a Gratuity of Five hundred Gold Ducats to Mr. tell, Secre-

tary to the Duke of Marlborough:

That for all the Money he received of Mr. , Deputy Paymalier at Amjhe was obliged to pay One Pound per Cent.: That the former Contractor, Machado, did the fame; and that he acquainted the Duke of Marlborough with this Deduction of One per Cent.

He further deposed. That it appeared by the Accounts of Antonio Alvarez Machado, who had been a Contractor before him, and had supplied the Bread, and Bread Waggons, to the Forces in Pa}’, for the Years

One thousand Seven hundred and Two, One thousand Seven hundred and Three, One thousand Seven hundred and Four, One thousand seven hundred and Five, and One thousand Seven hundred and Six, That he, the said Machado, had paid as large yearly Sums to the Duke of Marlborough, during the Time of his being Contractor, as this Deponent has since done.

From whence it appears. That the Duke of Marlborough has received, on Account of the Bread, and Bread Waggon, Contracts, from Sir de Medina, (admit-

ting the Sum already paid, and what is intended to be paid, for this present Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eleven, to be the same with that of the preceding Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ten), Three hundred Thirty-two thousand Four hundred Twenty-five Guilders and Fourteen Stivers; from Machado, during the Five Years he was Contractor, the like Sums; which together make Six hundred Sixty-four thousand Eight hundred Fifty-one Guilders and Eight Sti vers; and, computed at Ten Guilders Ten Stivers to the Pound Sterling, amount to Sixty-three thousand Three hundred and Nineteen Pounds Three Shillings and Seven Pence.

Some time after this Evidence was given by Sir mon de Medina, your Commissioners received a Letter

from the Duke of Marlborough, by the Hands of James

Craggv E fq 11 i r e; wherein the Duke desires vour Commissioners. That when they make their Report, they would lay some Facts before the Parliament in a true Light: And this Justice, they think, they cannot better do, than in his Grace's own Words; viz.

Gentlemen, Hague, November the loth, 1711.

HAVING been informed, on my Arrival here, That Sir Solomon de Medina has acquainted you with my having received several Sums of Money from him; That it might make the less Impression on you, I would lose no time in letting you know, that this is no more than what has always been allowed as a Perquisite to the General or Commander in Chief of t he Army in the I.oze Countries, even before the Resolution, and since: And I do allure you, at the same time. That whatever Sums I have received on that Account, have been constantly employed for the Service of the Publick, in keeping secretCorre-spondence, and in getting Intelligence of the Enemy’s Motions and Designs: And it has fallen so far short, that I take Leave to acquaint von with another Article that has been applied to the same Use, and which arises from her Majesty’s Warrant, whereof the inclosed is a Copy; though this does not properly relate to the publick Accounts, being a free Gift from the foreign d roops: You will have observed, by the several Establishments, That before the late King’s Death, when the Parliament voted Forty thousand Men, for the Quota of England in the Low Countries, Twenty-one thousand Six hundred and Twelve were to be Foreigners, and the rest English: For these lad they gaveTen thousand Pounds a Year for Intelligence, and other Contingencies, without Account: But his Majesty being sensible, by the Experience of the last War, That this Sum would not any ways answer that Service; and being unwilling to apply for more to the Parliament, lie was pleased to order, That the foreign Troops should contribute Two and an Half per Cent. towards it; and, being then his Ambassador, and Commander in Chief Abroad, lie directed me to propose it to them, with an Afi’urance, that they should have no other Stoppage made from their Pay; this they readily agreed unto; and her Majesty was afterwards pleased to confirm it, by her Warrant, upon my acquainting her with the Uses it was intended for: And it has been accordingly applied, from time to time, for Intelligence, and secret Service, with such Sneeds, that, next to the Blessing of God, and the Bravery of the Troops, we may, in a great Measure, attribute most of the Advantages of the War, in this Country, to the timely and good Advices procured with the Help of this Money.

And now, Gentlemen, as I have laid the whole Matter fairly before you; and that, I hope you will allow, I have served my Queen and Country with that. Faithfulness and Zeal which becomes an honest Man; the Favour that I intreat of you is, That when you make your Report to the Parliament, you will lay this Part before them in its trueLight; so that they may fee this necessary and important Part of the War has been provided for, and carried on, without any other Expence to the Publick, than the Fen thousand Pounds a Year.

And I flatter myself, that, when the Accounts of the Army in Flanders come under your Consideration, von will be sensible, the Service on this Side has been carried on with all the Oeconomy, and good Husbandry to the Publick, that was possible.

I am, Gentlemen,

Your moil obedient,

Humble Servant,

Marlborough.

ANNE R.

Right Trusty, and Right well-beloved Confm and Counsellor, We greet you well: Whereas, pursuant to the Direction you have received in that behalf, you have agreed with the Persons authorized to treat with you for the taking into our Service a certain Number of foreign Troops, to a# in Conjunction with the Forces of our Allies, That there be reserved Two and an Hal sper Cent.

out

io Ann.

2i° Decemhris.

*7

out of all Monies payable to and for the said Troops, as for these of the Bread, and Bread Waggons: But his puilic

well for their Pay and Entertainment, as on any other Grace being silent as to this, your Commissioners ought Accounts.

Account, towards defraying such extraordinary contin- to suppose he has not received any such Allowance, D7j^f

gent Espences relating to them, as cannot otherwise be unless they shall understand otherwise, when they come niatiiwrou^ii’s

provided for: Now, We do hereby approve and con- to examine intothofe Contracts; which, hitherto, they Conduc1,

firm all such Agreements as you have or may hereafter have not been able to do, by reafou the Contractors are

make, for reserving the said Two and an Halfper Cent.Foreigners, andconstantly resident in Holland.

accordingly: And do hereby likewise authorize and di- As to what his Grace is pleased to say, in the Second

rect the Paymaster General of our Forces for the Time Part of his Letter, concerning the Deduction of Two

being, or his Deputy, to make the said Deduction of and an Half per Cent, from the foreign Troops in her

Two and an Half per Cent, pursuant thereunto, out of Majesty’sPay; your Commissioners can only offer such

all Monies he shall be directed to issue for the Use of the Remarks as occur to them, on comparing what is

foreign Troops in our Pay; and thereupon to pay over urged in the Duke’s Letter, with the Tenor of the

the fame, from time to time, according to such War- Warrant, and with the Methods of accounting for

rants, and in such Proportions, as you shall direct: For other Payments to the Army:

which, this shall be to you, and to all others whom it Your Commissioners, in the first Place, take Leave to may concern, a sufficient Warrant and Direction. observe, That this Warrant has been kept dormant for

Given at our Court at St. James's, this Sixth Day of Nine Years, and the DeduClion concealed so long from July One thousand Seven hundred and Two, and the Knowledge of the Parliament; for which, in their in the First Year of our Reign. humble Apprehension, his Grace has not assigned fuf-

By her Majesty’s Command, ficient Reasons: He is pleased to say. That this Two

C, Hedges, and a Half per Cent, is a free Gift from the foreign

To our Right Trusty and Right well- Troops; and that it does not belong to the publick Ac-

beloved Cousin and Counfeilor, John counts: But the First of these Assertions seems incon-

Earl of Marlborough, our Ambassador fiftent, not only with the Words of the Warrant, which

Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary suppose and express an Agreement; but with that

to the States General of the United Part of his Grace’s Letter which takes Notice, That

Provinces, and Captain General of he, being Ambassador and General, stipulated for this

our Land Forces. very Stoppage by the late King’s Order:

Your Commissioners, therefore, must be of Opinion,

Your Commissioners, having thought themselves That a Deduction so made is Publick Money; and obliged to recite this Letter and Warrant at large, ought to be accounted for in the same manner as humbly conceive it will be expected, That they should other Publick Money is:

make some Observations upon them. His Grace is further pleased to observe, That the Ten

As to what therefore relates to the Evidence of Sir thousand Pounds, granted yearly for the Contingencies Solomon de Medina, his Grace has been pleased to admit of the Army, is without Account, and for the Use of it in general; but with this DistinClion, that he claims the British Forces only: Whereas this Money was, at the Sums received as Perquisites to the General in the first, intended by Parliament, as your Commissioners, r Low Countries: On which your Commissioners observe, with great Submission, apprehend, for the Service of the That, so far as they have hitherto been capable of inform- Forty thousand Men, without DistinClion: And they ing the mlclves in the Constitution of the Army, the great find it is fofarfrom having beenalways thought exempt Sums which appear to have been annually paid to the from Account, That in a Privy Seal, dated the Fifth.

Duke, on Account of these Contracts, can never be Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Six, esteemed legal or warrantable Perquisites; for they do for passing Mr. Foxe's Accounts, there is a Clause to re-not find, by theftriCleft Inquiry they can make, That any lease and discharge the Duke of Marlborough, his Heirs, other English Genera\in the J^ow Countries, or elsewhere, Executors, and Administrators, from a Sum of Seven ever claimed, or received, such Perquisites: But if any thousand Four hundred Ninety-nine Pounds Nineteen Instance should be produced, they humbly apprehend it Shillings and Ten Pence, Part of this Money; which will be no justification of it; because the Publick, or the supposes his Grace would otherwise have been account-Troops, must necessarily stifler in proportion to every able for it: But your Commissioners no where meet such Perquisite: And how agreeable this Practice is to with any mention of this Deduction of Two and a Half that CEconomy and good Husbandry, with which the per Cent.; and must therefore presume the Reason why Service in Flanders is said to be carried on, remains yet it has never been brought to Account, is, what his to be explained: By the Assurance his G race is pleased Grace was pleased to suggest. That he never considered to give, That this Money has been constantly employed it as Publick Money.

for the Service of the Publick, it must either be allowed, Your Commissioners must submit it to the House,

That he relinquishes his Right to this pretended Perqui- whether the Warrant produced to justify this DeduClion site, or that he has been wanting to himself in conceal- be legal, and duly countersigned; or whether, admitting ing so great an Instance of his own Generosity to the it to be so, either the Stoppage, or the Payment, of it Publick: The great Caution and Secrecy with which has been regularly made: The Warrant directs. That this Money was constantly received, gives reason to fuf- it should be flopped in the Hands of the Paymaiier, or pect, That it was not thought a justifiable Perquisite; his Deputy, and issued thence by the Duke’s Order for Mr. Cardonnell, the Duke’s Secretary, and Auditor only; but this method doth not appear, by the Pay-

of the Bread Account, has declared, on Oath, That he mailer’s Accounts, to have been at all purftied; so never knew, or heard of, any such Perquisite, till the late far otherwise, that the Payments to the foreign Troops Rumour of Sir Solomon de Medina's Evidence before are always made complete, and their Receipts always your Commissioners: By the Contracts for Bread, and taken in full, without any Notice of this Deduction.

Bread Waggons, the General appears to be the foie When any Part of the above-mentioned Ten thou-

Check on the Contractors: He is to take care, that sand Pounds Contingent Money is drawn out of the the Terms of the Contracts are duly performed: He is Pay-master’s Hands for any secret Service, the Gene-to judge of all Deductions to be made from, and Al- ral’s Warrant, and his Secretary’s Receipt, are the , lowances to, the Contractors: And whether, in such Paymaster’s Vouchers: But Mr. Cardonnell, as he de-Circumstances he can receive any Gratuity or Perqui- clares, on Oath, never gave any Receipt for any Part site from the Contractors, without a breach of his Trull, of this Two and a Half per Cent, nor did Mr. Bridges, your Commissioners presume not to determine. as he also declares, on Oath, ever fee any Warrant for

The General may, with equal reason, claim a Perqui- that Purpose, or know any thing, as Pay-mailer Ge-site for every other Contract relating to the Army, as neral, of this Deduction.

Vol. 17. F If

Public

Accounts,

Duke of Marlborough's CouducU

21* Decembris. A. 1711.

If Mr. Sioeet, at Amsterdam, has taken upon himself

to transact the Disposition of this Two and an Half Cent, with the Duke of Marlyour Commissioners are humbly of Opinion, That he ought to have transmitted constant Accounts of it to Mr. whose Agent he only is; and not to have negotiated so large Sums of Publick Money in so clandestine a manner.

By the Warrant, this Deduction is reserved for defraying the extraordinary contingent Expences of the Troops from whom it is flopped; and if the Whole has been employed in secret Correspondence and Intelligence, there mud have been some Neglect of the other Services for which it was originally designed; and such a Disposition, being in no fort authorized by the Warrant, is a Misapplication of it: Betides, your Commissioners apprehend. That the Article for secret Service, to which this Deduction is pretended to have been applied, was always included in the Ten thousand Pounds above mentioned, for the Contingencies of the Army; and if so, the Whole remains to be accounted for; which, on a Computation made from the whole Sum of Eleven millions Two hundred Ninety-four thousand Six hundred Fifty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and a Peny Iialfpeny, paid by Britain, to and for all the foreign Forces, since the Thirteenth December 1701, according to the Returns of the Auditors and Pay-master, amounts to Two hundred eighty-two thousand Three hundred Sixty-six Pounds Nine Shillings and Seven Pence: On a Computation made from the Sum of Seven millions One hundred and Seven thousand Eight hundred and Seventy-three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Halfpeny, paid to and for the foreign Forces, since the time aforesaid, exclusive of Italy, Spain, and Portugal, amounts to One hundred Seventy-seven thousand Six hundred Ninety-five Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three-farthings.

Your Commissioners humbly lay before you some, other Facts relating to the Forage Contracts, for the Troops in North Britain, made by Robert Walpole, Esquire, late Secretary at War, pursuant to a Power given him by Sidney Earl of Godolphin, then Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain.

By the rates allowed in these Contracts it appearing, That her Majesty had been put to an extraordinary Expence, above the Pay of the Soldiers; your Commissioners thought it their Duty to inquire, whether, in this Part of the Service, sufficient Care had been taken to procure the most advantageous Terms for the Publick.

And, being informed. That John Esquire, was concerned in these Contracts, they examined him; and he declared, upon Oath, That Colonel George Douglas, and himself, were afiumed Partners with Sir Samuel , and Mr. John

Campbell, in the Contrail made by Mr. to

provide Forage, from the Middle of May One thousand Seven hundred and Nine, to May One thousand Seven hundred and Teh, for the Troops in North Britain, at Three Pence Halfpeny a Horse, for green, and Nine Pence for dry, Forage, each Twenty-four Hours.

That the said Colonel George , and he, the

laid Mr. Montgomery, were also afiumed Partners with

Mr. John Campbell in a subsequent Contrail, commencing in May One thousand Seven hundred and Ten, and ending in May One thousand Seven hundred and Eleven, made likewise by Mr. Walpole, and at the same Rates with the former.

That the first of these Contrails was made by Mr. Walpole, in London, with Sir Samuel Macklellan; who, before he went into Scotland, told the said Montgomery, That Mr. Walpole, in making the Contrail, reserved a Share for a Friend of his, who was to have the Benefit of a Fifth Part, if not redeemed by the Contrailors with a Sum of Money; and Sir Samuel, soon after, on his Death-bed, at Edinburgh1, declared the fame;

Whereupon, Colonel Douglas, and Mr. Campbell, directed him, the said Mr. Montgomery, to pay Five hundred Guineas to the said Mr. Walpole: And, accordingly, he delivered into Mr. Walpole's own Hands a Note for that Sum, payable to Mr. Walpole, or Order: And the said Montgomery, afterwards, paid the Sum of Five hundred Guineas to one Mr. Man, Mr. Walpole's Agent; who gave him up the Note, with the Receipt on the Back of it, signed by Mr. Walpole.

That the second Contrail was made by Mr. Walpole, with Mr. John Campbells who, thereupon, directed the said Montgomery to give a Note for Five hundred Guineas, or Pounds, he could not remember which, to Mr. Walpole;which he accordingly did; and made it

payable to Mr. Walpole, or Order; and delivered it into his own Hands.

This Second Note was left with the said Mr. Man; of which the said Mr. Montgomery hath paid about Four hundred Pounds.

He further declared upon Oath, That Two Hundred Guineas were given by the Contrailors to Sir David Dalrymple, in Consideration, That his Son-in-Law, Sir Alexander Murray, was proposed, but not admitted, to be a Partner in the first Contrail:

That the Earl of Leven, Commander in Chief of her Majesty’s Forces in North Britain, had a Hundred Guineas, each Year, from the Contrailors, for regulating the Quarters of the Troops:

That a Hundred Pounds a Year were paid to Mr, Merrill, Deputy to Mr. How, for receiving the Queen’s Bounty Money, and keeping an Account of it between the Queen and the Officers:

That the said Mr. Montgomery gave a Note for Fifty Pounds to Mr. Taylor, chief Clerk to Mr. Walpole 1 which is not yet paid.

Your Commissioners cannot, exailly, state the Loft the Publick has sustained by these Contrails; but find, That if the Forage had been furnished in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Nine, and One thousand Seven hundred and Ten, at the Rates settled by the Contrail for the present Year, there had been saved to the Government more than Nine thousand Five hundred Pounds; which is near a Fourth Part of the whole Charge.

They do not apprehend. That this Difference has arisen, altogether, from the Scarcity of Forage in the Two last Years: For Captain William Preston, of Colonel Kerr's Regiment, hath declared, before them, on

Oath, That he agreed with the Contrailors to furnish green Forage for his own Troop, in those Years, at Two Pence Halfpeny an Horse, for Twenty-four Hours, which coil the Government Three Pence Halfpeny, with an Addition only of Seven Pounds, each Year, for providing extraordinary Forage for the Officers Horses belonging to that Troop; and that the Contractors af-lured him, they had made the same Agreement with other Officers.

How far these Practices have been injurious to the Publick, is humbly submitted to the Consideration of the House,

Geo. Lockhart, (L. S.)

Hen. Bertie, (L. S.j

S. Wimington, (L. S.)

Fra. Annejley, (L. S.)

Tho. Lifter, (L.S.)

Will. Shippen, (L.S.)

H. Campion, (L. S.)

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the Seventeenth Day of January next.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Accounts do lay before this Hoofe the Depositions mentioned in the fiud Report.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Navy Debt.

io Ann.

Sabbatic 2 2* die;

Anno 10* Annse Regina?, 1711. Praters.

MR. Aijldbyt from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, presented to the House, an Estimate of the Debt of her Majesty’s Navy, on the

19

Heads therein mentioned, as it flood on the 30th of September last$ with What thereof has and will be satisfied by the South Sea Stock, pursuant to the late Act of Parliament on that behalf; and what remained of the said Debt On the said Thirtieth of September to be discharged.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

And the said Estimate is in the subsequent Sheet of Paper annexed. '

22° Decem.

VOL. 17.

Navy

Navy Office 19th of December

*> I

’> 175 1.)

An ESTIM ATE of the DEBT of her Majesty’sNavv, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, as it stood on the 30th September lad; with what thereof has and will be satisfied by the South Sea Stock, pursuant to the late Act of Parliament on that behalf; and what remained of the said Debt on the said 30th of September to be discharged; viz.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

DEBTS, as they stood on the 30th September 1711.

Particulars.

Before this Reign,

Due on Bills in the Second Register Book; as namely, for Pursers Balance Bills and for extra’ V

Necessary Money, Pensions, Half Pay, Surgeons, Free Gift, occurred before this

Reign; as per an Account thereof sent to the Right honourable the Lord High Trea- l0»4°9 I° surer, on xoth December 1711, in order to be taken into the Sea Stock - - .1

For Interest, allowed by the abovesaid Act, for the aforesaid Debt, from 25th March 1711 7

to 25th December 1711 - - - "

Wear and Tear, ordinary and extra’ Repairs.

Due to pay off the Bills, entered in Course, on the Ordinary and Extraordinary of her Majesty’s Navy, to Lady-day 1711, as per an Account thereoffenttothe Right honourable the Lord High Treasurer, on the 16th of October past, in order to be taken into the South Sea Stock ' \

For Interest accruing thereon, to the said 25th March 1711 -

For Interest allowed by the said Act, for the aforesaid Debt, from 25th March 1711 to I 25th December 1711- - - - 3 "

On the said Book of Course, from 25th March 1711 to 30th September 17x1-For Interest accruing thereon ——

To her Majesty’s Yards, and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary thereof For the Freight of Hospital Ships, and Tenders; as also for Stores delivered into her Majesty’s several Yards, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 30th of September I . 'last....

Seamens Wages.

Due to Men remaining unpaid upon the Books of Ships paid off, since the 13th 1688

To Ships in Sea Pay -

To pay off, and discharge, all the Bills, entered in Course, for Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans, Pilotage, fife, on the Head of Seamens Wages - -

57,8*4 13 5

Since this Reign.

s. d.

— 737 9

1,677,064 7 3

97,208 5 i 79,823 18 10

234,008 19 11 1,005 9 10

350,489 ——

41,987 14 j

212,517 2

1,829,724 -

26,913 3 4

74.234 9 5]4,55»,479 8

Totals.

V

£ s. d.

17,146 17 9

What of the said Debt has been discharged by the South Sea Stock.

1,854,096 11 a

235>OI4 9 9

350,489 ——

41.987 14 1

270,341 16 — 1,829,724 — —

26,913 3 4

s. d.

17,146 17 9

1,854,096 ll 2

235,014 9 9

What of the said Debt remains to be discharged.

350,489 ——

41,987 14 1

2,126,978 19 4

4,625,713 IZ ll 2,106,257 18 s|

2,519»455 *3 5 Heads

22° Decembris,

D

cq

n'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

o

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Brought over -

Victualling Debt, as per an Estimate received from those Commissioners.

Due to pay off all the Bills, entered in Course, to the 25th March 1711, as per an Account thereof sent to the Right honourable the Lord High Treasurer, the 14th September 1711, per those Commissioners, in order to be taken into the South Sea Stock ..

For Interest accruing thereon to 25th March 1711

O

w

n

3

S

5‘

a

ft.

For Interest, allowed by the said Act, for the aforesaid Debt, from 25th March 1711, to 25th December 1711 ——

On the Book of Course, from 25th March 1711, to 30th September 1711 - -

For Interest accruing thereon ——

For extraordinary Freights, and Demorages to Victualling Ships, sent to Lisbon, and into the Mediterranean, with Provisions for the Service of her Majesty’s Fleet in those Parts; and for Provisions delivered into Stores, and other Services performed, before the 30th September 1711; for which Bills were not then made out: As also to Bills of Exchange, and Necessary Money to Pursers, Wages to the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed in the several Yards; for short Allowance of Victuals to Seamen serving aboard her Majesty’s Fleet; and for Contingencies, Sc. ——

Sick and Wounded, and for Exchange of French Prisoners.

The Debt of that Office, as per an Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for the Service of the sick and wounded Seamen serving aboard'her Majesty’s Fleet

For Subsistence of French Prisoners ——

To Bills of Exchange from foreign Parts ——

Total - - - £.

DEBTS, as they flood on the 30th September 1711.

PARTICULARS.

Before this Reign.

£ *. d. 74>234 9 5

Since this Reign.

74,234 9 5

& s. d.

4,541,479 2

1,764,762 2 4

82,035 18 7

83,076 5 11

219,568 13 11 1,23° *3 5

340,206 6 6

8i,545 19 20,742 2 5

12,906 15 2§

7>I57»554

Totals.

S. d.

4.625,713 12

1,929,874 6 10

220,799 7 4

340,206 6 6

> II5»I94 *7 2

7,231,788 9 11

What of the said Debt has been discharged by the South Sea Stock.

£ * & 2,106,257 18 8

1,929,874 6 10

220,799 7 4

4,256^31 12 10

What of the said Debt remains to be discharged.

C s- d-

*,5*9,455 *3 5

340,206 6 6

115,194 17 2

2,974*856 *7

10 Ann. 22* Detmbris.

22

22° Decetnbris.

A. 1711.

Remained, on the said 30th of September past, of the South Sea Stock, towards answering the said Debts;

=1

There was granted by Parliament, in Page 403, of the Act for elta bli thing a Trade to the South Sea, for the Debts of the Navy, Victualling, and Sick and Wounded, to Michaelmas 1710, the Sum of -

In Page 404, of the said Act, there is a Sum of £.378,859. 5*. 8 '

directed for the Debts incurred between the 29th September 1710, and 25th Decemberiollowing, in the several Offices of the Navy, Victualling,

and Transports, and for Intereston Army and Transport Debentures: V Whereof, is to be applied to the Debts of the Navy, on the Head of Wear and Tear, £.96,720. 3*. o d.\and on the Head of the Victualling, £.228,175. i2f. 5a.', as per Letter from Wm. Lowndes Esquire, of the 39th November past. ——

The aforesaid Act having also made Provision for Interest of the said Debt, from 25th March 1711,to the 25th December following; which Interest, as by the aforesaid Account, for the Debt on the Second Book, V appears to be £.737. is. grf.; and on the Head of Wear and Tear, / £.79,823. i8r. 10 d.‘, and for the Victualling, £.83,076. 5 11 and I

make altogether the Sum of ----- - - J

There has been received, by the Treasurer of her Majesty’s Navy,' South Sea Stock out of the £.500,000. granted by the said Act for the current Year 1711: Whereof by an Order from the Right honourable the Lord High Treasurer, of the id October last, pursuant to her Ma- \ jesty’s Warrant under her Royal Sign Manual, dated the Day preceding, there was to be applied, for the Course of the Navy to Michaelmas 171 x, the Sum of £.237,386; and for the Course of the Victualling, the Sum of £.51,214. 7 s.id.; making together the Sum of

There has been subscribed to the South Sea Stock, by the Treasurer^ of the Navy, Tallies on the general Mortgage 1710, for the like Sum in I the said Stock, to be applied to the Course of the Victualling, to 1 Michaelmas 1711. ----- - I

Of which, there has been applied to the Services of the Navy 1 and Victualling, as appears in the proper Column in the foregoing > Account, towards the Debt, to Michaelmas 1711, the Sum of - J Remains of the abovesaid South Sea Stock, to be further applied,) the Sum of - -- j

On the 30th September last, there was remaining, in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, the Tallies and Money hereafter mentioned, over and above the Assignments of the Navy and Victualling Boards, to be applied to the Services thereof; viz.

« . f C On the Reversion of Annuities -

of gjr JTallies, < On Hal f Subsidies, alias 4th gene-

Thomas (- , I ral Mortgage, 1708 - j

Thomas

Littleton

In Money

Robert

Walpole

Esquire,

Charles

C<efar

Esquire,

Ditto, for the Victualling

TOn the general Mortgage, A 1709

x ... 1 On the 12th 4*. Aid

’jOn the 14th 4 Aid (On Candles ....

I In Money ——

I Ditto; and several Tallies for the Victualling

{On the 14th 4 Aid Tallies, < On Malt, Anno 1711 . tOn Hops In Money -LDitto, for the Victualling

£. s. d. 46,093 ——

4.095

2,178

7

3

6

10

3

6

7

62 18 9

8,ood — — 31,800 ——

93 19

5,010 2 6 6,592 3 10

44,000-110,400 14.39° 73.9*4 8, *15

16

*9

11

8

8

7

£. r. d. 5.*3°»539 5 5

234>995 *5 5

163,637 6 6

288,600 7 2

168,100 — —

6,075,872 14 6

4,256,931 12 10

52>474 — 4

5*»559 5 —

250,921 7 "

£. d.

*.818,941 1 8

354.954 *3 3

2»l 73,895 14 11

The

ioAnn.

21° Decembris.

*3

d.

K

sent

The Debts remaining, by the aforesaid Account, to be satisfied, amounts to the Sum of - 2,974,856 17 Towards which, the Remains of South Sea Stock, Tallies, and Money, in the lateand pre-7 g IX

at Treasurer of the Navy’s Hands, as afore-mentioned, amounts to the Sum of - -,) 7

800,961

s.

6

295,18a 14 9

Wanting, on the said 30th September last, to discharge the said Debts, the Sum of But, towards answering the said Debt, there has been received sincel £.

Michaelmas last, by the Treasurer of the Navy, for the Service there-f 497,216 of, the Sum of ——

Remains, to be supplied to the Navy, of the Sums voted for it, in the 7 last Session of Parliament, the Sum of ----- - 3

So that, if the Navy could be supplied with the abovesaid Remains, the Charge, between Michaelmas 1710 and Michaelmas 1711, would exceed the Sum granted for the Debts, and what was voted by the Honourable House of Commons, by the Sum of

But the Produce of the Funds granted by the Parliament, in the last Session, falling short' to answer the Sums voted, the Proportion of the said Deficiencies, which will fall to the Navy, as perLetter from Thomas Harley Esquire, of the 18th December 17 \\, amounts to the Sum of)

And, consequently, there will remain unprovided for, the Sum of - - - - £. 195*536 2 6

792>399 — 10

8,562

186,974 1 2

Dan. F

B. Tymewe Geo. To

Cha. Serg D. Lyddell, Tho. Jennings.

Assize of Jewel.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for explaining and altering the Laws now in being concerning the Assizes of Fewel, so far as they relate to the Assize of Billet made of Beech-wood only, was read a Second time.

Be/olved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Whitlock, Sir John Cope, Mr. , Mr. Cotes, Sir John Waters, Mr. Millington, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Cotton, Lord

called the Pye Road, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Gojyn, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Tho. Hanmere, Sir Richard How, Mr. Bulteel, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Manley, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hart, Mr. Mr. Bertie,

Sir Jacob Banks, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Conyers, Sir Wm. Whitlocke, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Murray, Sir Wm.

Barker, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Coates, Mr. Mr.

Everffield, Mr. Cotton, Colonel Grahme, Sir Simeon

Harley, Sir Simeon Stuart, M r.Banks, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Stuart, Sir John Waters, Mr. Phelipp, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Secretary St. John, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Robinson, Mr.

Cross, Sir Jacob Afiley, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Eversfield, Sir

Robert Eden, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Ccefar, Mr. Breure, Mr.

Plumptree, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Wykes, Sir John Clark,

Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Smith, Sir Robert Jenkinson, Lord Wm. Powlet, Sir Richard Farrington,

Mr. Middleton, Sir Fra. Child, Colonel Lee, Captain

Chapman, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Burslem-, and all that

serve for the Counties of Oxon, Berks, Bucks, Hertford,

Suffer, Suffolk, Middlesex, Southampton, and the Cities of London and Westminster; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. tents under the Great Seal of Great Britain, pursuant

to an Act passed the last Session of Parliament, inti-

Middleton, Mr. Windsor; and all that serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, and Essex: And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Dr. Gooch be desired to preach before Dr. Gooch this House, at St. Margaret's, Westminster, upon the to preach on 30th Day of January next: And that Mr. 301 Jan'

and Mr. Cotton, do acquaint him therewith.

Mr. Annejley acquainted the House, that he was di- Fifty new rected by the Commissioners appointed by Letters Pa- Churche*.

Persons ordered into Custody in former Sefc.

The Serjeant at Arms being called upon, by the House, to give an Account of what had been done in relation to the Persons who were the last Session ordered to be taken into his Custody; he acquainted the

tuled. An Act, for granting to her Majesty several Duties upon Coals, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof; and other Purposes therein mentioned; to lay

House, That they had all been either taken, or had fur- before the House a Duplicate of the Report presented

rendered themselves into his Custody; and that he had ~ ‘....

received Satisfaction from all of them, except from John Harvey, who was Portreeve of the Borough of Tavistock.

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 4th Day of April 1707, being read;

Ordered, That the said John Harvey, late Portreeve of the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, having been ordered, the last Session of Parliament, to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for many corrupt and indirect Practices, in relation to the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough; and having not paid his Fees to the Serjeant, upon his said Commitment; be again taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

I>r. Altham Ordered, That Dr. Altham, Rector of St. Buttolph's, to preach on Btfhopfgate, be desired to preach before this House, at

*6th Jan,

to her Majesty by the said Commissioners: And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Saturday the 19th of January next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fellows and Mr.

Meller:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1712, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Shippen, from the Commissioners for taking, examining, and dating, the public Accounts of the Kingdom, pursuant to the Order of the House, presented the Depositions mentioned in their Report laid before the M«ib<m>ugh,i House Yesterday, intituled, Cuudua.

The Deposition of Sir Solomon De Medina, Knight,

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Public Accounts.

Duke of

Ipswieh, &c. Road.

St. Margaret's, Westminster, upon Wednesdaythe 16th

Day of January next; being appointed by her Majesty for a general Fast: And that Mr. Annejley, Mr. Ccefar, proving great Sums of Money taken by his Grace and Sir Gilbert Dolben, do acquaint him therewith. Duke of Marlborough, Adam Cardonnell Esquire, his

Grace’s Secretary, and others, on Account of the C011-A Bill for the better repairing and amending the traCls for supplying Bread, and Bread Waggons, to her Road leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, and the Road Majesty’s Forces in the Low Countries:

Vo 1. 17. The

v

22b Decembris. 17 n.

Public

Accounts.

Duke of

Marlborough's.

Conduct

The Deposition of John Montgomery Esquire, proving feverql Sumsof Money taken by Robert Walpole Esquire, Sir David. Dalrymple, and others, on Account of the Contracts for foraging the Troops in North Britain:

Captain William Preston's Deposition about Forage

in North Britain.

And the said Dpositions were read; and are as follow; viz.

Sir Solomon De Medina Knight, being sworn on the Pentateuch, depofeth. That from the Year 1707, to this present Year 1711, both inclusive, he has been solely, or in Partnership, concerned in the Contracts for Bread, and Bread Waggons, for supplying the Forces in the ‘Low Countries, in the Queen of Great Britain's Pay:

And that he gave his Grace the Duke of Marlborough, for his ownUfe, the several Sums following; viz.

St.

For the Year 1707 For the Year 1708 For the Year 1709 For the Year 1710

- 66,600 ——

- 62,625 ——

- 69,578 15 —

- 66,8ro 19 8

265,614 14 8

And also 21,000 Gl. for this present Year, in Part of a like Sum with those above-mentioned: All which Sums he gave his Grace, because the former Contractors had given the like>annual Sums: He further depofeth, That he allowed, yearly, Twenty-two Waggons, gratis, to the General Officers; Twelve or Fourteen of which were for the Duke of Marlbors own Use: And that the former Contractors did the fame.

This Deponent further faith, That from the said Year 1707, to this Year 1711, both inclusive, he gave yearly, on sealing the said Contracts, a Gratuity of Five hundred Gold Ducats to Mr Secretary to

the Duke of Marlborough, for his Trouble and Pains in translating the Dutch Contracts; and putting the English Contracts into Form:

And he further faith. That for all the Money he received in Holland, from Mr. Sweet, Deputy Paymaster

at Amsterdam, on Account of the said Contracts, he was

obliged to pay him One per Cent, for prompt Payment; and that the former Contrafiors did the fame: But he found him, notwithstanding, so backward in his Payments, that he complained to the Duke of Marlborough; and, at the same time, acquainted him with the Allowance he made Mr. Sweet, of One as aforesaid; and that his Grace reproved him, for not paying this Deponent more punctually:

And this Deponent further faith, That it appeared by the Accounts of Antonio Alvarez Machado, who had supplied the Bread, and Bread Waggons, for the Forces in the English Pay as aforesaid, for the Years 1702, 1703, 1704, 1705, and 1706, that he gave as large yearly Sums to the Duke of Marlborough, as this Deponent hath done since.

Jurat' S. De

6* Dec. 1711,

Mr. John Montgomery, being sworn, did depose. That Colonel George Douglas, and himself, were assumed Partners with Sir Samuel Macklellan, and Mr. John Campbell, in the Contract made with Robert Walpole Esquire, late Secretary at War, to provide Forage for the Troops in Scotland, from the Middle of May 1709, to May 1710; and likewise with the said John Campbell, in a subsequent Contraft, from May 1710 to May 1711; which, by an Order from the Queen, or the Treasurer, was continued to October 1711:

That Money was given to several Persons on the Account of these Contracts; viz.

To Sir David Dalrymple, Two Hundred Guineas; in Consideration, That his Son-in-Law, Sir Alexander Murray, was proposed, but not admitted to a Share of the Contract:

To the Earl of Leven, Commander in Chief of her Majesty’s Forces in Scotland, a Hundred Guineas, yearly, for his regulating the Quarters of the Troops:

To Mr. Merrill, Deputy to Mr. How, a Hundred Pound, yearly, for keeping the Accounts between the Queen and the Officers (for the Queen paid a Peny per Diem for each Horse «t Grass, and Three Pence per Diem for each Horse at dry Forage; which, with the Stoppages from the Dragoons Pay, amounted to Three Pence Halfpeny for each Horse at Grass, and Nine Pence for each at dry Forage;) and for answering Mr bell's Bills, and receiving the Queen’s Bounty-money from the several Agents, to whom it wasfifft payable:

To Mr. Taylor, chief Clerk to Mr. Walpole, Fifty Pounds for bothContraCls; for which he gave him his Note; 'but ’tis not paid as yet:

That Sir Samuel Macklellan made the first Contract with the said Mr Walpole, whilehe was at; and,

before he went to Scotland, he told this Deponent, That

a friend of Mr. Walpole was to be a Sharer in the Contract, or to be redeemed by Sir Samuel Macklellan by a Sum of Money; and that Sir Samuel, soon after, on his Death-bed at Edinburgh, did declare the fame; and that John Campbell, and Colonel Douglas, agreed, and directed this Deponent, to pay Five hundred Guineas to Mr. Walpole; and that., accordingly, this Deponent

gave Mr. Walpole a Bill, or Note, payable to himself, or Order; and delivered it into his own Hands;and that lie paid the said Sum to Mr. Man, who delivered the Note to this Deponent, with Mr. Walpole's Receipt upon the Back of it:

Thatjo/i/i Campbell entered into the second Contract, and directed this Deponent to give a Note for Five hundred Guineas, or Pounds (but he is not sure which), to Mr. Walpole, as he had done the Year before; which he delivered also to himself; and, the Note being put into the Hands of Mr. Man, he hath paid about Four hundred Pounds thereof.

Jurat' John Montgomerie.

8 December 1711. 8 December 1711.

Captain William Preston, of Colonel Kerr's Regiment, being sworn, depofeth, That, by a verbal Agreement with the - Commissaries, he furnillied Grass, or green Forage, for his Horses in North Britain, at Two Pence Halfpeny per Horse per Diem, for the Summers 1709, and 1710; and that he had an Allowance of £. 7. 14$. 10 d.or thereabouts, each Year, in Consideration of providing better for the Officers Horses; and that the Commissaries told him, they allowed him the same as they allowed others; and belives several others made the like Agreements.

12 December 1711. W. Preston.

Ordered, That the Clerk do carefully keep the said Depositions, and not let any Person have them out of his Custody; and that he do deliver Copies thereof to any of the Members of the House, that shall desire the fame.

Ordered, That the Clerk do deliver Copies of the said Members to Report of the said Commissioners to any of the Mem- bave bers of the House, that shall desire the fame.

A Motion being made, That Leave may be given to General Nobring in a Bill to repeal the Act of the Seventh Year ^ahzatiou of her Majesty’s Reign, for the naturalizing foreign A Protestants;

The Act was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act of the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing foreign Protestants: And that Mr. Finch, Mr. Campion, and Mr.

Manley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Crown giving further Time for inrolling, before the proper Au- Leases-ditors, such Leases as have been granted by the Crown, and have not been inrolled within the respective Times

thereby

Sfcaftfbury

Writ*

JEasrc (borough

Wliti

LeiceOer

Writ.

Royal Assent to Bills*

10 AnK. 2 2° Decembris — \j\ Januarii. 25

thereby limited in that behalf; and for the Affirmance of such Leases; notwithstanding any Neglectsof that Kind for the time past; and for putting in Charge the Kents reserved thereupon: And that Mr.

Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Skaf/on, alias in the County of DorJ'et, in the room of Edward Nicolas Esquire; who, fmce his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for keeping her Majesty’s Privy Seal.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a New Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Knaresborough, in the County of York, in the room of Robert Esquire; who,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Oflice of One of the Commissioners for keeping her Majesty’s Privy Seal.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, in the room of Sir George Beaumont Baronet; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for keeping her Majesty’s Privy Seal.

Lunec, 140 die Januarii;

Anno 1 o’ Anute Regime, 1711.

Prayers.

/JRDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out. a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Gloucester, in the room of Esquire,

now Lord Bathurst, called up to the House of Peers.

Cirencester

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to njarn,0rou"h the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Lord Bruce, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Warwick the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ* the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Warwick, in the room of the Right honourable James Lord Compton, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Newark the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the upon Tren* electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament 'Vnt' for the Borough of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, in the room of Sir Thomas Willoughby Baronet, now Lord Middleton, called up to the House of Peers.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Gldes, Gentleman Uther of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That he had, with the House, attended in the House of Peers; and heard the Commission read, declaring and notifying the Royal Afient, in her Majesty’s Absence, to Two publick Bills:

And the same was, by the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, and other Lords commissioned by her Majesty for that purpose, declared and notified accordingly, to these Bills;

An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax, in Great Britain, for the Service of the year 1712:

An Act for the preserving the Protestant Religion, by better securing the Church of England as by Law efta-klished; and for Confirming'of the Toleration granted to Protestant Dissenters, by an Act, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England from the Penalties of certain Laws; and for supplying the Defects thereof; and for the further securing the Protestant Succession, by requiring the PraClicers of the Law in North Britain to take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration,- therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till , January

14, Nine a Clock in the Morning.

Yol. 17.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to New the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Windsor the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- W*14, mettt for the Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, in the room of Samuel Masham Esquire, now Lord Masham, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Stafford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for bounty the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parlia- nt‘ ment for the County of Stafford, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Pagett Esqtiire, now Lord Burton, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Glamorgaa the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Glamorgan, in the room of the Right honourable Sir Thomas Manfell Baronet, now Lord Manfell, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Monmouth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ,

electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Monmouth, in the room of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Viscount Windsor of the Kingdom of Ireland, now Lord Mountjoy in the Ife of Wight, called up to the House of Peers.

A Petition of the honourable Philip Esquire was Boston

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at kiectwn the late Election of a Burgess to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Bofion, in the County of Lincoln, in the room of the Petitioner’s Brother, deceased, one William Cotefioorthdid, by himself and Agents, procure a

great Number of the poorer Sort of Voters, by Bribery,

Treating, and other illegal Practices; and, by Threats, and otherwise, kept others from voting for the Petitioner; and, by these means, was returned a Burgess for the said Borough, notwithstanding the Petitioner had a Majority of good Votes, and ought to have been returned accordingly: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

H Ordered,

14° — 170 Januarii.

A. 1711.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition "be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

'Srm’hw.irk A Petition of Sir George Mat heroes Knight was pre-tJtaion. fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That at the EJeftion of a Burgessto serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, in the room of John Chobn ley Esquire, deceased, the Petitioner, and Mr. flood

Candidates; and that, notwithstanding the Bribery, and other indirect Practices, of Mr. Haifa/, as also the arbitrary and illegal Proceedings of Mr. Martin the Baililf, the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but the said Mr. Martin, after declaring the Petitioner to have the Majority of Voices, witlioutSci utiny duly demanded, or adjourning Time or Place, did return the said Mr. Ilalfeij, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying Belief in the Premises.

OrderediY\v,\lthe Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Supply. Refolded, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-and Means, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted her Majesty.

GenerM Na- Mr. Finchpresented to the House, according to Order*

tur.ilizaiion a Bill to repeal the Act for naturalizing foreign Pro-trstants: And the same was received, and read the Tirll time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time:

Stafford

Borough

Wr.t.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stafford, in the county of ,

in the room of Thomas Foley Esquire, now lord Foley, called up to the House of Peers.

Mefia^rfrom Mr. Secretary St. John acquainted the House, That the Queen — lie had a Message from her Majesty to deliver to this Adjournment. ] Joufe, signed by her Majesty:

And he delivered the same accordingly; which Mr. Speaker read; and is as followeth; viz.

ANNE R.

HER Majesty fully determined to have been personally present in Parliament this Day; but, being prevented by a sudden Return of the Gout, her Majesty, in Hopes (lie may, by the Blessing of God, be able to speak to both her Houses of Parliament, on Thursday next, desires this House may forthwith adjourn itself to Thursday next, the Seventeenth of this instant January.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, N iue a Clock.

Jovis, 17* die Januarii;

Anno 108 Anuae Reginae, 1711.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Thanks of this House be Dr- given to Doctor Altham, for the Sermon by him aQ e preached, before this House, Yesterday, at St. Margaret's, Westminster: And that he be desired to print the fame: And that Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Gore, and Mr. Annejley, do acquaint him therewith.

The House being informed, That Mr. 1, from i^o^chu-

the Exchequer, attended; quer.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House an Account of what Monies have been paid into the Receipt of her Majesty’s Exchequer upon the Funds granted the last Year: And also.

An Estimate of the Sum which will be wanting to make up the Sum of Five hundred Seventy-six thou* fund Two hundred Seventy-nine Pounds Ten Shillings, payable to the South Sea Company, for the Year commencing from Christmus 17x1.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account, and Estimate* were read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Estimate be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House,. who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The said Account and Estimate are as follow; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

In Obedience to an Order of this honourable House, of the nth of December last, the following Account is humbly presented of what Monies have been paid into the Receipt of her Majesty’s Exchequer upon the Funds granted the last Year:

On the Land Tax for the Year 1711 (to which the Sum of £. 136,885. of q\d. being the Deficiencies of the Land Taxes for the Years 1706,

1707, and 1 70S, was to be first transferred), there was paid in, by way £. s. d.

of Loan, in Money ----- -- 386,006 16 8

More, by 'Tallies registered, and acc epted by the Bank of England, in Part of the Sum of £. 150,657. 10s. 8rf. which they were to have out of the Supplies of this Year, to enable and oblige them to exchange all Exchequer Bills for ready Money, 011 Demand -

55,000 ——

On the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry (to which the Sum of £.230,898. ioj. 4 being the Deficiency of the Year 1709, was transferred in the first Place), there was paid in, by way of Loan, in Money, the Sum of ——

The Contributions to the Lottery, for£. 1,500,000, which have been paid into the Exchequer, by the Receivers thereof, in Money, amounts to -. The Contributions to the Two Million Adventure, which have been paid into the Exchequer, by the Receivers thereof, in Money, amounts to ——

On the Duties on Hops by Tallies registered, and accepted by the Bank, in further Part of the said Sum of £. 150,657. lor. 8d.- -. - - . -

£. s. 441,006 16

d.

t

6,520 ——

1,451,000 —

1,957,886 9 4

80,000 ——

Total of the Money paid in as aforesaid ——

Memorandum: The Residue of the Funds for the Year 1711, that appear at the Exchequer, have been completed, by striking Tallies, in the Names of the respective* Treasurers and Paymasters of the Army, Navy, Ordnance, and Transports, for the publick Service; the Sum Total of which Tallies arc as follows; to wit,

3»93^>4I3

6 —

On

io Amk. i70 Januarii. 27

On the Land Tax for the Year 1711 ----- - On the Duties on Hops ----- --- £ d. 1,302,107 13 6f 412,581 9 8 100,000 £’ s. d. 1,814,689 3 2

Total of the Money and Tallies, as above, amounts to - T? I -L- TUL. 1 - - 5,75 G102 9 2

Exchequer, Wm. Clayton.

14th January 1711.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesse6, in Parliament assembled:

In Obedience to an Order of this honourable House, of the 13th of December last, the following Estimate is humbly presented of the Sum which will be wauting to make up the Sum of Five hundred Sixty-eight thousand Two hundred Seventy-nine PoundsTen Shillings, for the Fund of the South Sea Company; and Eight thousand Pounds, ibr Charges of Management of the Affairs of the said Company; amounting, together, to Five hundred Seventy-six thousand Two hundred Seventy-nine Pounds Ten Shillings: for the Year commencing from Christmas 1711;

That, towards the said Sum of£.576,279. ior. there hath been paid to the Treasurer of the said Company, out of the Duties on Salt, and Rock Salt; being One Part of the Fund applicable £. s. d. to the Payment thereof; the Sum of - -- - 11,000 — —

That, by an Estimate, computed from a Medium of Three Years, the said Duties on Salt may further produce, towards the said Fund, besides Money sufficient to pay the Interest on Tallies not subscribed to the said Company, the Sum of ----- - - 29,947 9 —

Total Produce - - - 40,947 9 —

So the estimated Sum that will be wanting to make up the Sum of £.576,279. payable

to the South Sea Company, for the Year commencing from Christmas 1711, amounts to - 535*332 z —

Exchequer,

14th January 1711.

The House being informed, That Mr. ,from the Secretary at War, attended; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House an Estimate of her Majesty’s Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernfthe Plantations, and

The Total yearly Sum is - - £. 576,279 10 —

4 sMmemSSSi as ' 55

Wm. Clayton.

for Sea Service, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1712.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth;

rFirft Troop of Guards -

Second Troop of Guards -

Third Troop of Guards -

Horse - -\ Fourth Troop of Guards -

First Troop of Grenadier Guards Second Troop of Grenadier Guards - Royal Regiment of Guards

f The Queen’s Regiment I Sir Richard Temple's Dragoons -/ Colonel Ker's

J Earl of s -

Lieutenant General Echlyns

rFirft Regiment of Guards Second Regiment of Guards Third Regiment of Guards Colonel Regiment

Major General Brigadier Breton's -Sir Charles Hotham's

Foot

«T f Lieutenant General Seymour's > I Lieutenant General s -

J?,) Major General s

tg S Colonel Alexander's -

I Brigadier Windsor's -£ L Marquis de Monta

Independent Four Companies, at New York -Companies One Company, at Bermudas

One Company, at Newfoundland Three Companies, in North Britain -

Vol. 17.

Kurabers.

181 181

181

181

- 176

- 177

598 . 1,^75

- 443

443

- 443

- 371

589 2,289

- 2,283

- 1,143

- 1,467

- 876

- 876

- 834

725 8,204

- 876

- 834

- 95i

- 834

725

725 4,945

17, H3

- 449

- 58

- 93

207 807

Charge per Annum. £. s. d.

120,808 18 4.

81,583 11 8

)253»m8 15 10

455*541 5 10

13,289 10 —

17,920

Invalid

v

oS

17° Jamarn.

Invalid ^Twelve Companies of Invalids, at Windsor, Hampton ,1

Companies J Cftefter, Sheerness, Tilbury, Dover, Land guard Fort, and

' ( Greenwich - -- - .-

T~'fGeneral Officers

Officers Sr ]Contingencies vmcers, ^c. ^Garrisons

j. tf.

14,4 ro »& 7|

13*734 8 9

32*752 7 —

Lansdowne.

Total -

c

A. <71 f.

/. d.

10,497 18 9

479-328 14 7

60,897 14 4l

540,226 8’ 1 if

Ordered, That the said Estimate be referred to the Her Majesty finds it necessary to obfen’e how great Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, Licence is taken in publishing false and scandalous tyho are tp consider farther of the Supply granted to Libels; such as are a Reproach to any Government

Call of tb« House.

Repealing General Naturalization Ad,

her Majesty.

Ordered, That the House be called over this Day Sevennight: And that such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Bill to repeal the Act for naturalizing foreign Protestants, was read a Second time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Of the whole House.

This Evil seems to be grown too strong for the Laws now in force: It is therefore recommended to you to find a Remedy equal to the Mischief.

St. James's, 17 th January 1711.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That an humble Address be made to her Majesty, returning her Majesty the humble Thanks of this House for her most gracious Message; especially for her great Goodness and Conde-feension in promising to communicate to her Parliament the Terms of Peace before the same shall be concluded; whereby thofegroundless and seditious Reports must be

Address ob

Queen's

Meia^e.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday silenced, which have been induflriously spread abroad.

Message from the Queen;

Communicates the substance of intended Speech*

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary St. John acquainted the House, That he had a Message from her Majesty to deliver to this House, signed by her:

And he delivered the same accordingly; which was jead by Mr. Speaker; and is as followeth; viz.

' ANNE R. ’

HER Majesty, not having yet recovered Strength.

to the Diffionour of her Majesty, and to serve Designs which the Authors of them have not dared publicity to own; and to assure her Majesty, That her Approbation of the Zeal which this House has already ffiewn will oblige them to continue their bell Endeavours in giving the necessary Dispatch to the Supplies; and that this House will take the most effectual Course to put a Stop to the publishing those false and seditious Libels, which haye exposed her Majesty’s Government to Danger and Reproach.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw

enough, since the Return of the Gout, to be present . up an Address, upon the said Resolution

this Day in Person; and being unwilling that the publick Business should receive any Delay; thinks fit to communicate to this House the Substance of what flie intended to have spoke.

At the Opening of this Session, her Majesty acquainted her Parliament, That both Time and Place were appointed for the Meeting of the Plenipotentiaries of all the Confederates, to treat with those of the Enemy concerning a general Peace: And also expressed the Care which flie intended to take of all her Allies; and the drift Union in which ffie proposed to join with them, in order to obtain a good Peace; and to guaranty and support it, when obtained.

Her Majesty can now tell you. That her Plenipotentiaries are arrived at Utrecht, and have begun, in pursuance of her Instructions, to concert the mofl proper Ways of procuring a just Satisfaction to all in Alliance with her, according to their several Treaties; and particularly with relation to Spain, and the West Indies.

You may depend on her Majesty’s communicating to her Parliament the Terms of Peace, before the same shall be concluded.

The World will now fee how groundless those Reports

And it is referred to Sir Gilbert Dolben, Lord -comber. Sir Peter King, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Secretary

John, Mr. Annefiey, Mr. Hungerfo Mr. Solicitor

General, Mr. Cafar, M»\ Nicolas, Mr. Poulteney, Mr.

Campion, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Walter, Sir JoJ'. Jekyll, Sir Hen. Bunbury, Sir Tho.

Pozcys, Mr. Gioyn, Mr. Manley, Mr. Rowan/, Mr.

Jbr,\lr. Topham, Sir Janies Mountagae, Mr. Bromley,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Laugharn, Sir Wm.Whitlocke, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Finch, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Mr. Dockminique, Lord Dozen, Sir Richard Sir

Gilbert Elliot, Sir Tho. Hanmcr, Mr. Foley, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Ward, Mr. Freeman, Sir Wm. Pole, Sir Geo.

Beaumont, Sir John Mordaunt, Sir Jacob Banks, Sir John Stonehouse, Mr. Fox, Mr. Letchmere, Mr. Lockhart, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Murray, Mr Smith,

Mr. Vincent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lockhart acquainted the House, from the Com- Public missioners for taking, examining, and stating, the pub- Accounts, lick Accounts, That Mr. Walpole had, lall Monday Mr U' brought Mr. Man to the said Commissioners, with an Concern in I 0-

are which have beeu spread abroad, by Men of evil . Affidavit ready prepared; and desired he might be sworn ri, seCo*’,"c ‘>

Intentions, to serve the worst Designs, as if a separate Peace had been treated; for which there has not been the least Colour given.

Her Majesty’s Ministers have Directions to propose. That a Day may be fixed for the Finiffiing, as was done for the Commencement, of this Treaty: And, in the mean time, all the Preparations are hafleuing for an early Campaign.

The Zeal, which this House has already expressed, is a sure Pledge, That they will proceed in giving the necessary Dispatch to the Supplies which have been aiked of them.

to it: And that the Commissioners did swear him to the fame; and afterwards examined him themselves, and took his Answer in Writing: And that the Commissioners had directed him to prefept to the House,

The Deposition of Mr. Robert Man, proving. That he is Agent to Robert Walpole Esquire; and that he has received several Sums of Money on Account of Two Contracts for foraging the Troops in North Britain: And also,

The Deposition of Mr. Robert Man:

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

20 And

t

io AnniI

17* yamarii.

And the Titles of the said several t)epositions were read.

Then the Order of the Day was read, for taking into Consideration the Report from the said Commissioners the 21st of December last.

And the House proceeded ta take into Consideration that Part of the said Report which relates to the Contracts for Forage in North Britain:

And the same was again read:

And then the said several Depositions of Mr. Man were readj and are as follow; viz.

Die Luna, 14* Januarii 1 744.

Mr. Robert Man, being sworn, deposed. That, hearing a Contract was to be made for Forage for the Troops in North. Britain, he applied, in Summer One thousand St-ven hundred and Nine, to Mr. Walpole, ihen Secretary at War, to be concerned therein; but does not know that Mr. Walpole recommended him by Name, not Being present.

That he afterwards met Sir Samuel Macklellan, at the War Office, and, being made known to Itim by Mr. Taylor, Mr. Walpole's Clerk, went with him to a Tavern:

That this was the only time he was in his Company, and no Witnesses were present: That he then pressed Sir Samuel to let him know, what Share he was to have in the Contraft; and who were to be his Partners: Sir Samuel said. He could not tell him then; but that he should have a Share liable to Profit or I.ofs; but did not know how many would be concerned till he was in Scotland, and then he would send to him; but he never heard from him: That he further dtfired to know what Money heinuft advance, on Account of the Contraft; and Sir Samuelanlwered him, What need you be so inquisitive, since you shall benefit by it

He farther deposed, That he did not know who were the other Contractors, till this Matter was brought into Dispute: That he never corresponded with Sir Samuel, or any other of the Cont; actors i or ever had any Dif-course with them; or ever meddled with the Management; nor ever saw any of the Accounts relating to this Contract: That he received the Note for the Five hundred Guineas from Mr. Walpole: That he was very cautious when in Mr. Montgomerie's Company; and never said a Word of the Contract to him when be received the Money from him: That he never did advance any Money on Account of the Contract; and never was required by the Contractors so to do: That nobody spoke to him to be concerned in the Second Contract j but that he only desired Mr. Walpole to think of him again: That he never had any Discourse with any other Person in relation to it; and did not kuow he was concerned in that Second Contraft till he received the Second Note, dated in August 1710, from Mr. j

to whom it was made payable.

He further deposed, That he is related to Mr. Walpole, has received his Rents, and transacted Business for him a great while: That he prepared an Affidavit, in order to produce to the Commissioners of publick Accounts; which Mr. Walpole and his Clerk afterwards reduced into the Form in which he presented it.

Robert Mann,

Jurat' 14 January 17-ri-

Geo. JLo

Hen. Bertie,

S. Wilmington,

Fra. Annejley,

Tho. Lifter,

Will. Slii

H. Campion,

The Deposition of Mr. Robert Mann,

This Deponent, being sworn, does, upon his Oath, declare, That, in the Year 1709, he was, by the Recommendation of Mr. Walpole, the then Secretary at War, admitted and taken into a Share or Partnership of a Contraft made for furnishing green and dry Forage to the Troops in North Britain, by Sir Samuel Macklellan Vot. 17.

and others; and that, by an Agreement betwixt himself Pu,)]ic and Sir Samuel Macklellan, he was to be a Sharer in this ccount8* Undertaking, at equal Profit or Loss, as should arise or Mr. Walpole’* happen in performing the Contraft, together with such lu other Partners as should be taken into the Contraft by Cu»u»a».

Sir Samuel Macklellan, upon his arrival in Scotland:

That, about a Twelvemonth after* Mr. Walpole gave to this Deponent a Note for Five hundred Guineas, signed by Mr. Montgomery;winch Mr. Walpole told

him had been left with him for this Deponent, by the Contractors for Forage in North Britain; which Note being made payable to Mr. Walpole, or Order, Mr.

Walpole did then indorse the Note with his own Name upon Delivery of it to this Deponent:

That this Deponent has received the Money due by the said Note from Mr. Montgomery, at several times; for which he gave his own Receipts, and in his own Name, at the several times of Payment; which Receipts, at the Payment of the last Sum, were cancelled; and a Discharge, or Receipt in full, was wrote upon the Back of Mr. Montgomery's Note, over Mr. Wal/wte's Name, that was before only a Blank Indorsement, which was done upon closing the Account betwixt Mr. -gomery, and this Deponent, as is usual upon the like Occasions.

That upon a Second Contraft, for the Year 17 jo, this Deponent received a Note of Mr. Montgomery's for Five hundred Pounds: That this Second Note is made like-wile payable to Mr. Walpole, or Order; and that this Deponent has received the greatest Part of the Money due thereon, although the same is not indorsed by Mr,

Walpole’, and that Mr. Montgomery has paid this Money, upon Receipts giveu in the Name, and for the Use, of this Deponent, upon distinct and different Papers; and not entered upon the Note, which is payable to Mr. Walpole, or Order; but not indorsed by him, or assigned to the Use of any Person:

And this Deponent does declare. That the several Sums of Money received by him, from the said Mr. Montgomery, upon the said Two Notes of Five hundred Guineas, and Five hundred Pounds, were received by him for his own sole Use and Benefit: And that he has not paid the said Sums, nor any part thereof, nor accounted for them; nor is under any Obligation or Agreement to pay or account for, the same or any Part of them, to any Person whatsoever, but that the same does, and is to remaih to his own foie Benefit and Advantage. Robert Mann,

Jurat' 14 January

Geo. Lockhart,

Hen. Bertie,

S. Wilmington,

Fra. Annejley,

Tho. Lifter,

Will. Shippen,

H. Campion.

And Mr. John Montgomery was called in and examined; and the Two Notes mentioned in the Report, and several Receipts for Monies paid by Mr. Montgomery to Mr. Mann, were delivered io; and read.

And the same are as follow; viz.

I, John Monlgomeiy Esquire, Secretary to his Grace the Duke of Queensberry, acknowledge. That. I borrowed and received, upon the First Day of last pad, from Robert Walpole Esquire, Secretary at War, the Sum of Five hundred Thirty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings Sterling; which I promise, and oblige myself, to pay to him, or his Order, upon the Tenth of August next, with Interest from the said first of May, until it be repaid; as witness my Hand, at Whythall, this 29th Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and l'en Years.

£.537. 10s. John Montgomerie.

The Indorsement:

Received, January iSth, 1744, the full Contents of this Note. R. Walpole.

I I John

.Public

Accounts.

Mr. Wm I pole's Coreern in Forage Contracts.

Candles.

30 17* — 180

A. 1711.

I, John Montgomerie Esquire, Secretary Deput, grant

me to have borrowed and received, from Robert Walpole Esquire, Secretary of War, the Sum of Five hundred Pound Sterling; which Sum of Five hundred Pound, I bind and oblige me, and my Heirs, to pay to the said Robert Walpole, his Heirs or Assigneys.at mas next, with Intereil after the said Time, or while Payment be made: In Witness whereof, I have written and subscribed this Presents, at London, the 10th Day of AuguflOne thousand Seven hundred and Ten Years. John Montgomerie.

Received, November the 25th, 1710, of Mr. James Blackwood, a Note, drawn on Mr. Howell, for Two hundred Pounds; which, when paid, is in Part of a Note due from John Montgomery Esquire, of Five hundred and Thirty Guineas: I say received, per £.200. Robert Mann.

Received, June the 7 th, 1711, of John Montgomery

Esquire, One hundred Pounds, for my Partner Mr. Robert Mann,

£.100. per Win. Daye.

Received, July 21ft, 1711, of John Montgomerie Esquire, Fifty Pounds, for my Mailer Robert Mann, £.50. per Edward Shear me.

September 24th, 1711, Received then a Note of John Montgomery Esquire, drawn by John Scarlett on John Ward Esquire, for Two hundred Forty-one Pounds Twelve Shillings, dated :5th last pad, payable

to Bayly Archibald Cockburn, Eight Months after Date; which Note I promise to be accountable for, on Demand; per Rob. Mann.

And then Mr. Montgomerie withdrew.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

The Yeas go forth. /

Tellers for the Teas, j SinCro"/ Varbnrl: } 2°S'

Triers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the said Robert Walpole Esquire be, Mr. Walpol* for the said Offence, committed Prisoner to the Tower committed to of Iumdon, during the Pleasure of this House: And that the r°wer"

Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } ,56.

Tellers for the Noes, f ? ,r ^fljcry 168.

Mr. U ngh)

So it passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being and expelled, put. That the said Robert Walpole Esquire be, for the said Offence, also expelled this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

tilers for the Yeas, \ Sigef ’ t Mr. t

] *7°-

148.

Tellers for the Noes, \ Mr'

( Mr. Buckingham:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further

Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue a Clock.

And Mr. Walpole was heard in his Place.

After which, a Debate arose in the House, whether Mr. Walpole should withdraw before a Question was Hated, or any Debate had of the Matter relating to him.

Whereupon the Journal relating to the Lord Falkland,\n the Year 1693; and also the Journal relating to Mr. Ridge, in the S ear 1710; were read.

Whereupon Mr. Walpole withdrew before any Debate was had, or any Question proposed, touching the Matter relating to him.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, that Robert Walpole Esquire, a Member of this House, in receiving the Sum of Five hundred Guineas, and in taking a Note for Five hundred Pounds more, on Account of Two Contracts for Forage of her Majesty’s Troops quartered in North Britain, made by him when Secretary at War, pursuant to a Power granted to him by the late Lord Treasurer, is guilty of a high Breach of Trust, and notorious Corruption;

An Amendment, was proposed to be made to the Qufcftion, by leaving out these Words, " and notorious "Corruption:"

And the Question being put. That those Words be left out of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Telle. for ft. Y^gg* }.55

Tellers for the Noes,{

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put, That Robert Walpole Esquire, a Member of this House, in receiving the Sum of Five hundred Guineas, and in taking a Note for Five hundred Pounds more, on Account of Two Contracts for Forage of her Majesty’sTroops quartered in North Britain, made by him when Secretary at War,

pursuant to a Power granted to him by the late Lord ‘ Treasurer, is guilty of a high Breach of Trust, and notorious Corruption;

The House divided.

Veneris, 18° die Januarii: Anno 10° Annae Regina, 1711. Praters.

nary Occasions.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to draw up Address 00 an Address, to be presented to her Majesty, upon her Queen’s Majesty’s most gracious Message to this House, Yester- Alellao day, do now withdraw into the Speaker’s Chamber, and prepare the fame.

And they withdrew accordingly.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to ex- Expiring amine what Laws are expired, or expiring; and what Laws, are fit to be revived and continued; and to report the same to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Mcdlycot, Mr. Crosse, Mr,

Moor, Mr. W, rightfon, Sir Robert Davefs, Mr. Campion,

Sir Richard Hoar, Sir Jacob Ash’.ey, Mr. North, Sir Richard Faringlon, Mr. Prifle, Sir Arthur Kay, Colonel

Stephens, Mr. North, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Jennings, Sir Stonehouse, Mr. Gale, Mr. Ferrier, Sir Richard Onslow,

Mr. Cotton, Mr. Bruere, Mr. LutwichMr. Parker, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Stacker ley, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Gcry, Mr.

Hart, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Gape; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inha- Ipf»ich,&c' bitants, of Stow Market, Combs, Creating, St. Roa<1‘

Mary’s, Needham Market, Barking, DurmJ'den, BayIhum,

and Blackenham Magna, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting fortii, That the Petitioners, finding a Bill for the belter repairing and amending the Road leading from Ito Cley don, and the Road called the Rye Road, in the County of

*9 is

io Ann. 18 °Januarii.i i

is depending in this honourable House, crave Leave to represent, That as there may be just Occasion for fuel) a Bill, so there is no less for the repairing and amending the Road leading from and through the Parish of Slow Market, as also through the Parillies of Combs, Badley, Creating, St. Mary's, Needham Marked, Barking, Darmf-dens BuyUiam, and Blakenham Magna, to Clay don, the greater Number of Waggons and Carriages, laden with Corn, Timber, and other Commodities, which pass through Clay Jan to Ipfuich, coming first through the said several P arilhes, and the Places adjacent, as well as from the several Places betwixt Slow Market and Bury\ all which ruin the said Road, no less than those from Clay don to Ipswich; besides, the Petitioners, by their continual Commerce to Ipswich, by fendinjj their Corn and other Product thither, and receiving their Coal from thence through Claydon Road, will contribute more than any to the amending thereof, and, at the same time, not able to keep their own in Repair, the charges being beyond their Abilities: And praying, That the said Bill, and the Benefit thereof, may be extended as well to the Road leading through the Parishes of Stow Market, Combs, Baddy, Creating, St. Marye s, Needham Market, Barking, Darmfden, Baylham, and Blakenham Mi :gna, untu Claydon, as to the said other Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consulerat ion of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ktwcitflle A Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen of the Town upon Tyne and County of NeucajtleTyne was presented to lioipiud. the House, and read; setting forth. That the Skippers and Keel men, employed in the Coal Trade upon the Hirer Tyne ,did, several Years since, consent, That there should be deducted out of their several Wages, due to them, Four Pence per Tide, for every Keel or Coal-boat employed in carrying Six, or more, Water-chaldrons of Coals or Ballatl, or any Quantities or Numbers of other Goods or Merchandizes, Manure and Fire-Coals not exported out of the said River, only, excepted; and for every Keel and Coal-boat employed and carrying less than Six Water-chaldrons of Coals or Ballast, Fire-coals not exported out of the said River, only, excepted. Three Pence for every Tide; to the Intent, that Provision may be made for poor, aged, and disabled. Skippers and Keelmen, and the Widows and Children of Skippers and Keelmen: That, in pursuance thereof, the said Monies were some time collided, and applied towards the building a convenient Hospital, now well nigh fin idled, and the Maintenance of the poor Persons aforesaid, inhabiting io A upon Tyne aforesaid;

but of late the Charity hath not been duly collected, or misapplied; and the Skippers and Keelmen being sensible thereof, they desired the Petitioners to endeavour to procure an Act of Parliament to be passed, for settling the said Hospital, and perpetuating the said Charity, and for the better Collec.ing and Receiving thereof, to be forever applied to the Purposes aforesaid: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill into this honourable House, for settling the said Hospital, and perpetuating the said Charity, to the good Ends for which the same were intended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wrig/t/Jbn, Sir William,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply. Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself intoa Committeeofthe w hole House, toconsiderfurther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers rcpoi ted f:um the Committee, That they had come to a Rcfoluiion; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vo L. 17*

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee Address appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to her Hu*ien Majesty, upon her Majesty’s most gracious Message, to A ag*' this House, Yesterday, That they had drawn up an Address accordingly} which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as iblloweth; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, appear before your Majesty, with the greatest Satisfaction, to return our most humble Thanks for your Majesty's most gracious Message.

Your Majesty has, on all Occasions, shewn such a Tenderness and Regard to the Welfare of your People; and such a generous and disinterested Concern for the Support and Advantage of your Allies, in so many In fiances, during the Prosecution of the presentWar; that we have no Reason to doubt your Majesty’s Care of both, in a Treaty of Peace: However, we think our-selves obliged, with the greatest Gratitude, to acknow-, ledge your Majesty's Goodness and Condescension, in promising to communicate to your Parliament the Terms for a general Peace, before the same shall be concluded: And this, if any thing can, mult intirely silencethofe seditious Reports, That have been indijftri-ously and maliciously spread abroad, to the Dishonour of your Majesty, That afeparate Peace has been treated; which can have been raised only by some factious Incendiaries; who, to cover their own Disaffection to the present Establiftiroent and Administration, and such Designs as they have not dared publickly to own, endeavour to distraet your Subjects with unreasonable and groundless Distrusts and Jealousies.

Your Majesty’s Approbation of the Zeal your faithful Commons have already expressed forraifingtbe necessary Supplies, will engage them to continue their Application, and to give all possible Dispatch thereunto.

We are very sensible how much the Liberty of the Press is abused, by turning it into such a Licentioufnefe as is a just Reproach to the Nation; since not only false and Scandalous Libels are printed and published against your Majesty’s Government, but the most horrid Blaf-phemies against God and Religion: And we beg Leave humbly to assure your Majesty, That we will do our utmost to find out a Remedy equal to this Mischief, and that may effectually cure it.

The said Address being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein; after the Words, " a Treaty of Peace," to insert these Words, " and that the most proper Ways will be concerted of procuring a just Satisfaction to all in Alliance with your Majesty, according to their several " Treaties; and particularly, with relation to " and the West Indies."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address so amended:

And the same is as followed); viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subject9, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, appear before your Majesty, with the greatest Satisfaction, to return our most humble Thanks for your Majesty’s most gracious Message.

Your

Precedent# of Princess Sophia,

Ditto.

Regulating J uric*, Icc*

3* i8° — 190 Januariu A. 1711*

Your Majesty has, on all Occasions, shewn such a Eafeof Jurors; and Regulating of Juries: And that the Tendemefs and Regard to the Welfare of your People; Lord Viscount Down and Sir' Arthur Key do prepare, and such a generous and disintereded Concern for the and bring in, the fame.

Support and Advantage of Your Allies, in so many

In dances, during the Prosecution of the present War; Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iflhe his Warrant to the Cornwall

that we have no Reason to doubt your Majesty’s Care Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ, of both, in a Treaty of Peace; and that the most proper electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament Ways will be concerted of procuring a jull Satisfaction for the County of Cornwall, in the room of George to all in Alliance with your Majesty, according to their Granville Esquire, now Lord LandJ'downe, called up to several Treaties; and particularly, with relation to Spain, the House of Peers, and the West Indies: However, we think ourselves

obliged, with the greated Gratitude, to acknowledge Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the Supply, your Majesty’s Goodness and Condefcension, in pro- whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply mifing to communicate to your Parliament the Terms granted to her Majesty, thellesolution they had directed for a general Peace, before the same shall be concluded: him to report to the House; which he read in his Place;

And this, if any thing can, mud intirely silence those and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’sTable: Where seditious Reports, That have been indudriously and the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

tnalicioudy spread abroad, to the Dishonour of your RefThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, Majesty, That a separate Peace has been treated; which That the Sum of hive hundred 1 hirty-five thousand can have been raised only by some factious Incendiaries; Three hundred Thirty-two Pounds One Shilling be who, to cover their own DilaflFefction to the present Eda- granted to her Majesty, to make good, for Services of her bliftiment and Administration, and such Designs as they Navy, the like Sum, which, in the Year commencing have not dared publickly to own, endeavour to distract from Christmas 1711, is to be paid, by the 1 reafurer ot your Subjects with unreasonable and groundlefsDidruds the said Navy, by Quarterly Payments, to the South Sea and Jealousies. Company, pursuant to an Act, of the last Session of Par-

Your Majesty’s Approbation of the Zeal yonr faith- lament, in that behalf: Which Payments so to be made, ful Commons have already expressed for raising the by the said Treasurer of the Navy (with the edimated necessary Supplies, will engage them to continue their Values of the Money arisen, and toarife, out of certain Application, and to give all poldbleDifpatch thereunto. Du‘>es of Salt, for this Purpose) are to complete the

We are very fenlible how much the Liberty of the Sum of Five hundred Seventy-six thousaid Two hun-Press is abused, by turning it into such a Licentiousness dred Seventy-nine Pounds Ten Shillings, whereof Five as is a jud Reproach to the Nation; since not only false hundred Sixty-eight thousand Two hundred Seventy-andfcandalous Libels are printed and published against nme Pounds Ten Shillings, for the Fund of the said your Majesty’s Government, but the most horrid Blaf- Company; and Eight thousand Pounds, for Charges phemies against God and Religion: And we beg Leave of managing the Adairs of the fame, for the Year humbly to aifure your Majesty, That we will do our aforesaid.

utmost to find out a Remedy equal to this Mischief, and T,ie said Resolution, being read a Second time; was, that mav effectually cure it. upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the

3 1 House.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty’s Pleasure, when lhe will be attended by this House.

A Me(Tage from the Lords, by the Lord Chief J udice Parker and Mr. J udice Eyre:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling the Precedence of the most Excellent Princess /a Electorefs and Ouchefs Dowager;

of the Elector her Son; and of the Electoral Prince the Duke of Cambridge: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Wrightson, according to Order, presented to the NewcafiU House a Bill for the erecting a Corporation for the upon Tyn. speedy finishing the Hospital, and Ellabliflung, Per- U°fpltal-petnating, and Managing of the Charity of the Skippers and Keelmen of the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne: And the same was received; and read the Fird time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary St. John reported to the House, That Queen ap-her Majesty having been humbly wailed upon to know P"inls to her Pleasure when (he would be attended by this House; altew^d' her Majesty had been pleased to appoint Monday next, at Two a Clock, at her Palace of St. James's.

And the Bill was read the First time, and ordered to be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be now read a Second time. The Bill was read a Second time.-Resolved, That the Bill be now read the Third time. The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill do pass. Ordered, That Mr. Secretary St. John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the dime, without any Amendment.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Repealing Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal General N*. the Act for naturalizing foreign Protestants. turahxatioa

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Finch took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Finch reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the said Bill be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 19° die Januarii;

Anno 10* Ann* Regime, 1711. PXAYKRS.

/ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in Bill to revive the Acts of Parliament relating to the

Mr, Lockhart, from the Commissioners for taking, public examining, and dating, the publick Accounts of the Accounts — Kingdom, acquainted the House, That when Mr. W'tnsfa c#m-Robert Man attended them upon Monday I aft, they contumacy.' directed him to bring to them the Second Note in his Depositions mentioned to be given by Mr. Montgomery to Mr. Walpole; and, that, upon his attending them the

next Day, he refused to deliver a Copy of the said Note, or to be examined, or to do any think more than what he had done before; saying, He was so advised by Counsel.

Ordered,

Committees.

causeway over the Denes at Yarmouth.

Douglas’ Claim on Equivalent*

Scotch F, pi fcopal <Jommunion.

10 Ann.

190 — 21* — *22® Januariu

Ordered, That the said Mr. Robert , for having contemptuously refused to be farther examined before the Commissioners of Accounts, when required by them, be, for the said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

33

that Sir Simeon Stuart, Lord Lyon, and Mr. Carney, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary St. John acquainted the House, That Message from he had a Message from her Majesty to deliver to this tl, ie Queen —

House, signed by her: chScto.

And he delivered the same accordingly: Which was read by Mr. Speaker; and is as followeth;

Lunte, 21* die\

Anno io* Annas Reginas, 1711.

Prayers.

.ORDERED, That all Committees be revived.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to make a causeway, over the Denes, from Great Yarmouthto Caijier, in the County of was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition oCS'irWilliam Douglas, Lieutenant General of her Majesty’s Forces, was prefeuted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, upon the Equivalent agreed by the Treaty of Union to be paid to Scotland, had a just Claim to the Sum of Three thousand Pounds; whereof One thousand Eight hundred Eighteen Pounds Five Shillings and Three Pence Halfpeny should have been paid him in ready Money, as his Share of the Equivalent; and the rest in Debentures, upon the First general Account: That the Petitioner, being ancient and infirm, put all his Papers, Memorials, and Accounts relating thereto, in the Hands of his Son Colonel Charles Douglas, to solicit the same; but he being taken a Prisoner at the Battle of Almanza, and detained in France,

the Time limited for making good the Claim, before the Judges of the Exchequer in Scotland, elapsed; and the Petitioner loft the Benefit of his Claim in ready Money and Debentures: And praying such Relief as shall be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Foley, Mr.

Oglethorp, Mr. Smith, Sir Wm. Withers, Sir ton, Mr. Carnegy, Mr. Annefl Mr. Pitt, Sir Pat. Johnsion, Mr. Manley, Sir Robert Eden, Sir William Wy}idham, S\v Alexander Cummings, Mr Mr. Le-

yinz, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bay ley. Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Cockbourn, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Shep-heard, Mr. Gery, Sir Richard Onslow, Si Davers;

and all that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion being made, That the Act of the First Parliament, of his late Majesty King William, in passed 29 June 1695, intituled, An Act against irregular Baptism and Marriages, may be read;

The same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the disturbing those of the Episcopal Communion, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the Exercise of their religious Worship, and in the Use of the Liturgy of the Church of England; and for repealing the Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act against irregularBaptisms and Marriages: And VOJL. 17.

ANNE R.

Her Majesty thinks fit to inform the House, That in pursuance of an Act, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties on Coals, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof; and other Purposes therein mentioned; flie issued her Commission, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, authorizing several Persons, to execute the Powers therein mentioned:

That her Majesty, finding, by the Report of the Commissioners, That they have not been able, within the Time limited, fully to answer the Purposes of the said Commission, earnestly recommends to her Parliament,

That the Time may be inlarged for effecting this Work; and such farther Powers may be given, as shall appear necessary, to render her Majesty’s pious Intentions more effectual.

Ordered, That the Duplicate of the said Report, presented to her Majesty by the said Commissioners, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, at the same time, take in to Consideration her Majesty’s most gracious Message.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meller and Mr. Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Gower's enable John Lord Gower, Baron of Slitnham, an Infant, to make a Settlement upon his Marriage: to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Francis Annesley Esquire be at Liberty Preston

to withdraw his Petition touching the Election for the Election. Borough of Preston, in the County of Lancaster.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, WaY»

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Mean*’ consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 22° die 'Ja;

Anno io* Annie Regime, 1711.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gower’* to enable John Lord Gower, Baron of Slitnham, Etkw.

Infant, to make a Settlement upon his Marriage, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Commissioners appointed for ScotchUnioo Distribution of the Equivalent Money, agreed to be E<tulvalenl-given to Scotland by the Articles of the Union, do lay before this House an Abstract of their Accounts.

Mr. Speaker reported, That he did, Yesterday, with Answer to . the House, attend her Majesty, at her Palace of Addref*.

K >;

34

i2* Januarii. A 1711.

Address on Answer.

Maldon

Writ.

Repealing General Naturalization A

Fifty new Churches.

James's; and presented their humble Address to her Majesty: And that her Majesty was pleased to give this raoft gracious Answer to the fame:

I have received so many Proofs of the Loyalty of this House of Commons, and of their Love of our Country, that the best Answer which 1 can return to this most dutiful Address is, to give you my hearty Thanks for it; and to repeat not only that good Opinion which 1 have of my Commons, but also my Assurances, That the Confidence which you place in me shall be answered by my utmost Endeavours to promote the Safety and Advantage of all my Subjects.

Resolved, That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to her Majesty, for her Majesty’s most gracious Answer to their Address.

Ordered, That the same be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electinga Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malden, in the County of in the room of William Fitch Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Comptroller and Register of the Two Million Lottery.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal the Act for naturalizing foreign Protestants, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal the Act, of the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing foreign Protestants; except what relates to the Children of her Majesty’s natural-born Subjects, born out of her Majesty’s Allegiance.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to take into Consideration the Duplicate of the Report from the Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof; and also her Majesty’s most gracious Message to the House, Yesterday, relating the reto:

And the same were read;

And the said Duplicate of the Report is as followeth; viz.

To tire honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled.

A Duplicate of the Report, or Certificate, made to her Majesty, by the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties upon Coals, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof; and other Purposes therein mentioned:

Whereas, by your Majesty’s Commission, issued under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the 21st Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Eleven, in pursuance of an Act, intituled, An Act for granting to your Majesty several Duties on Coals, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof; and other Purposes therein mentioned; the Commissioners therein named are directed, authorized, and commanded, to inquire, and inform themselves, in what Parishes, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster', Fifty new Churches, except One for Greenwich, were most necessary to be built; and of proper Places, for the Sites of the respective new Churches; and also a Cemetery, or Church-yard, for each of the said Churches, for the Burial of Christian People, to be purchased; and also, what Chapels, in the respective Parishes aforesaid, are fit to be made Parish Churches; and to ascertain the several Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and the Bounds and Limits, which may be fit to be made

distinct Parishes: And to inquire, and inform themselves, by the beftMeans they could, of the Value of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and of the respective Estates and Interests therein, as they, or any Five or more of them, should think necessary to be be purchased for the said Sites and Cemeteries; and for the Houses for the Habitations of the respective Ministers: And that they, or any Five or more of them, do, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Eleven, report, or certify, to your Majesty, in Writing, under their Hands and Seals, such Matters and Things as shall appear to them upon their Inquiries aforesaid, with their Opinions thereupon; to the End such further Directions might be given thereupon as might be pursuant to your Majesty’s Intentions in the Premises:

In Obedience to your Majesty’s Commands, and in pursuance of the said Powers, your Commissioners have had frequent Meetings and Consultations; and have caused Schemes and Plans of the several Parishes, and of Sites for Churches, to be drawn and laid before them; the Delineation of which, by proper and skilful Persons, hath taken up much Time; and they have madediligent Inquiries, and informed themselves, by the best means they could, of the several Matters aforesaid: But they do, with all Humility, represent to your Majesty, That they have not, with their utmoftlndustry and Application been able, within the Time limited for the purposes aforesaid, to lay before your Majesty a Representation of all those Fasts which it is necessary for your Majesty to be fully informed in, in order to the putting in Execution your pious Intentions, for compleating a Work which tends so much to the Honour of God, to the spiritual Welfare of your Subjects, to thelntereftofiheEstablished Church, and to the Glory of your Majesty’s Reign: But, from what Prngress they have already made, they are humbly of Opinion, That if further Time were given them for the Purposes aforesaid, they should- then be able, fully and satisfactorily, to answer your Majesty’s Expectation:

And they do think it a Duty incumbent upon them, humbly to represent to your Majesty, That One great Obstruction they found in carrying on this pious and good Work was, the Want of Power to contract with the several Proprietors of Lands proper for Sites of Churches and Cemeteries, and for Houses for the Habitations of the respective Ministers: Which Defect of Power, the Commissioners do conceive, hath created a Backward-ness in several of the Proprietors, either to lay before the Commissioners their Titles, whereby it might appear what Estates and Interests the respective Proprietors had in the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fit for the Purposes aforesaid; or even so much as to treat with the Commissioners about the Sale and Purchase thereof.

All which Matters are, with the greatest Deference and Resignation, humbly submitted to your Majesty, for your further Directions therein:

In Witness whereof, your Majesty’s Commissioners havebereunto set their Hands and Seals, this Eighteenth Day of December in the Year of our Lord One thousand

Seven hundred and Eleven.

Tho. Canluar, (L. S.) Chr. Wren, (L. S.)

Job. Bristol, C.P.S. (L. S.) Edw. L. S.)

Tho. Roffen,(L. S.)

Geo. Smallridge, (L. S.)

Rob. Moss, (L. S.)

Rob. Friend, (L. S.)

Tho. Sherlock, (L. S.)

Geo. Stanhope, (L. S.)

Thanet, (L. S.)

H. Rochester, (L. S.) '

H. London, (L. S.)

W. Bromley, (L S.)

Richard Hoare, (L. S.)

John Isham, (L. S.)

E. Jennings, (LS.)

Chr. Wren, (L. S.)

Rob. Raymond, (L. S.)

Ja. Bertie, (L. S.)

Fra. Annesley, (L. S.)

Jo. Hnskins,(L. S.)

WhitelockBulJtrode,[ L.S.) J. Vanbrugh, (L S.) Thomas Medlyco (L. S.)

Thomas CroJJ'c, (L. SJ Henry Box, (L. S.)

W. Withers, (L. S.) NathanaelManlove, (L.S.) Tho. Archer, (L. S.)

Henry Hoare, (L. S.)

io Ann. — 23

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for iolarging the Time given to the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an Act, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties on Coals, for building of Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof; and

other Purposes therein mentioned; and also for giving the said Commissioners further Powers for better effecting the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And that Mr. Amejley, Mr. Crojfe, and Mr. Ward, do prepare, and bring in, the fame

Ways and The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Means. Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions j which they had di-reded him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 2 3" die Januarii;

Anno io* Annas Regime, 1711.

Praters.

Scotch Union \/f R. Pringle, from the Commissioners for Distribu-Equivalent. JlVI. tion of the Equivalent agreed to be given to Scotland, by the Articles of the Union, presented to the House a general Abbreviate of the Demands upon, and Payments made out of, the Equivalent, to the 3d of August 1711: And also,

A State of the Cash of the Equivalent, to the 3d of August 1711.

And the Titles of the said Abbreviate and State were read.

Ordered, That the said Abbreviate and State do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Abbreviate and State are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Lyn Regis Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffne his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament i for the Borough of Lyn ,in the county of ,

] in the room of Robert. Walpole Esquire, expelled this

House.

American A Petition of several Merchants, trading to

fnze Goods, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth* That, by an Act of Parliament, made the last Sessions, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Tradeto t America, it is enacted, That all Prize Goods and Com-

I modities, after the ill of June 1711, shall be subjected to

the same Duties as they would have been liable to, had they not been Prize: That, before the said Act, those Prize Goods which had paid the Queen’s Duty there, were subjected here only to pay half those Duties: That the Petitioners are Importers of Prize Cocoa, which hath paid her Majesty’s Duties in the Plantations: That if the same is liable to pay the whole Duties here, according to the said Act, it will not be worth Freight, Vol. 17.

’ Januarii. 3 5

Custom, and Charges: That the Lord Treasurer hath, with the Opinions of the Attorney General, and the Commissioners of the Customs, upon the Hardness of the Cafe, ordered such Cocoa as is already imported to be locked up in Warehouses, under the Queen’s Locks, till Application can be made to the Parliament: And praying Relief against that Part of the said Act as charges Prize Cocoa, which bath already paid her Majesty’s Customs in America, with the same Duties, upon its Importation hither, as in case it had not been Prize.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Davers, Sir Wm. Pole,

Mr. Duncomb, Sir John Cope, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Murray,

Sir Geo. Newland, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Foley, Sir Richard

Farington, Sir John Mor daunt. Captain Dyott, Mr.

Newland, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Laugharn, Sir Richard flow, Mr. Furnefe, Mr. Medlycot, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr.

Lockhart, Mr. Moor, Colonel Berkley, Sir Hen. Furnefe,

Mr. Conyers, Sir Tho. Poioell, Mr. Levinz, Mr. -bridge, Mr. Goulfton, Mr. Bulled, Mr. Carnegie, Colonel Grahme, Mr. North, Mr. Pitt, Lord Lyon, Mr. Hey-sham, Sir John Cotton, Sir Nic. Morice, Mr. Gery, Mr,

North, Sir Wm. Barker, Mr. Oglethorp, Mr. Quick,

Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Trotman, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Loivther,

Sir Bryan Stapleton, Sir Simeon StuartAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at Five aClock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of Avon the City of Bath, was presented to the House, and read; Navigation, setting forth. That the making navigable the River Avon, in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester, from the City of Bath, to that part of the River near Han-ham’s Mills, from whence it is already navigable, to the City of Brifid, would not only employ great Numbers of the Poor in those adjacent Parts, but promote the Trade of the said City of Bath, by training up Persons fit for the Sea-Service, and preserve the Roads and Highways to and near the said City; which, at a very great Charge, are now repairing: And praying Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to complete the making the said River navigable from Bristol to Bath.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Trotman and Mr. Codrington do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Simeon Stuart presented to the House, according Scotch to Order, a Bill to prevent the disturbing those of the Lp>scop»l Episcopal Communion, in that part of Great Britain ConmiU, U0, L called Scotland, in the Exercise of their religious Worship, and in the Use of the Liturgy of the Church of England; and for repealing the Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act against irregular Baptisms and Marriages.

And the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Ways and Committee of the whole House, who were to consider Means, farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, were continued for One Year, until the 24th Day of June 1712, be further continued for One Year, from the 23d Day of June 1712, until the 24th Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord 1713.

Resolved

23° — 34* Januarii. . 1711.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Nine hundred Fifteen Pounds Eleven Shillings and Six Pence, out of the Coinage Duty appropriated for the Use of the Mint, be applied to make good the Deficiency of the Money produced by the Coinage of Plate, brought in, upon this late Lottery Act, after the 14th of May 1711.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Seven hundred Pounds Five Shillings and Three Pence Halfpeny, out of the Coinage Duty appropriated for the Use of the Mint, be applied for satisfying the Charges of recoining the Monies of Scotland.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to it, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words, " and no " longer

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of the laASession of Parliament, were continued for One Year, until the 24th Day oijune 1712, be farther continued for One Year, from the 23d Day of June 1712, until the 24th Day oijune which shall be in the Year of our Lord 1713, and no longer.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Thomas Powys, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Lowndes, wad Mr. Harley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Companies of A Petition of the Captains and Officers, who were Invalids, commissioned in June 1711, in order to command Eight Companies, to be formed out of the able-bodied Out-Pensioners of Chelsea to do Duty in

Garrison, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the War having every Year increased the Out-Pensioners, there has been Twenty Companies of Invalids formed out of them; and, in April last, there were a sufficient Number of them left to form several Companies more: That the said Eight Companies were intended for Garrison Duty, to be composecj of private Centinels, whose Pensions are Five Pence per Diem each: That, by reason no Provision has been made by the Parliament for the Soldiers Cloaths, and Pay for the Commission Officers, the Companies are not yet formed; nor has there been any Pay issued to the Officers, though commissioned so long ago: That the additional Charge of these Companies is computed as follows, there being no farther Charge to the Publick for the Mens Pay; viz.

For Cloaths for 800 Men at 30$. per'i *» Annum each, is ----- --$ 1,2,00

The Pay of 8 Captains, at 4$. per)

Diem each - - [

Eight Lieutenants, at is. per Diem each 292 Eigh Ensigns, at 2 s.per Diem each - 219

s. d.

5,84 ——

The whole annual Charge - - - 2,295 ——

And the Pay of a Regiment of Foot 1 Handing the Government per Annum > 12,000 — — in upwards of ----- --'

The Duty of Garrison may be per- \ formed by the said Companies, in lieu f of a Regiment, and save the Publick/ *"

yearly upwards of ----- j

And prevent the Disorders of the out-lying Penfitm-ers who are under no Discipline; and also bea Provision for the Petitioners, foe their Services and Sufferings for

25

the Crown, and their Country: And humbly submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply. Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had met; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovts, 24.0 die Januarii

Anno io* Ann® Regin®, 1711.

Prayers.

A/TR. Far/er reported from the Committee, to whom Whitehaven Tv A the Bill for inlarging the Term for the Payment Harbour, of certain Duties, granted in and by an Act of Parliament, parted in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for preserving and inlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next, at Twelve a Clock.

An ingrossed Bill to make a causeway, over the causeway Denes, from Great Yarmouth to Caifier, in the County »ver the of Norfolk, was read the Third time. Denes at

Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title thereof be. An Act to make a causeway, over the Denes, from Great Yarmouth to in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Ferrier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for the erecting a Corporation for the speedy Newcastle finishing the Hospital; and Establi filing, Perpetuating, and Managing, of the Charity of the Skippers and Keel- 011 <l ' men of the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm.

Blackett, Mr. Renda, Sir Robert Eden, Lord Cujlle-comber. Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Ter-

rier, Mr. Wrightson, Lord Hartford, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Goreing, Sir Wm. Barker, Mr. Hungerford, Lord Lum-ley, Mr. Lowther, Sir Edward Stradling, Mr. Aldworlh,

Sir Richard Sand ford, Colonel Grahm, M r.

Mr. Newland, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Churchill, Sir Geo. Newland, Mr. Campion, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr.

Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Johnson, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr.

Musgrave. Sir Gilbert Elliott, Sir James Mountague, Mr. Blackmore, Mr. Coke, Mr. Foster, Mr. Prise, Sir Tho. Hanmere, Mr. Annefey, Sir George Beaumont, Mr. Slrangewayes, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Mr. Secretary St.John, Mr. Finch, Mr Sir

Farrington, Sir Hen. Johnson, Lord Dover, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. Shippen-, and all the Members for the Sea Ports, and for the Cities of London and Westminster:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to Crown

Order, We‘-

Call of the House.

Public k* Accounts.

Members

lummoncdL

Orders relating to Strangers:

Publick

Accounts.

Duki of

£arlbon>uglift

Conduct.

Candles.

i o Ann. 24* Januarii. 37

Order, a Bill to give farther time for inrolling such Leufes granted from the Crown, has have not been inrolled within the respective Times therein limited: And the same was received.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the House be called over this Day Sevennight; and that such Members as shall not then attend be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Commissioners for taking, examining, and Hating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom:

And that Part of the said Report was read which was not read upon Thursday last.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into Westminster-hatl, and Courts there, and the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

The Orders of the House, for the Serjeant at Arms taking into his Custody any Stranger who shall be in the House, or Gallery, while the House is fitting, were read:

Upon which all Strangers withdrew:

And the Serjeant was directed, if he found any Strangers afterwards in the House, or Gallery, to take them into Custody.

The Order for laying before the House the Depofi-tions mentioned in the Report was read.

Then the Minutes of Mr. s Deposition,

taken by the Commissioners of Accounts, about Allowances by the Contractors for Bread and Bread Waggons, were produced by the Commissioners; and read, as follows; viz.

Die Mercurij, 1711.

Mr Cardonnel, being sworn, was a Iked, Whether there

are any Allowances, or Presents, made to the English General in the Low Countries by the Contractors for Bread, and Bread Waggons ? He answered, No, not that ever he heard of, till the late Noise of Sir Solomon de Medina's Evidence before this Commission.

The Question above was asked twice, and be repeated the same Answer.

He was also asked, on his Oath, Whether any Allowances, or Presents, had been made to any other of the Queen’s Subjects, on account of the said Contracts ? And he answered, That he himself had about Two hundred Pounds on each Contract, but would rather have been without any thing.

Fra.Annesley, H.

IVill. ShippenTho. Lifter.

And the Transiations of Certificates of Two Persons beyond Sea, relating to the said Allowances, wereoffered, and brought up.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

Then the Transiations of the Certificates, the one of Jacob De Mercado, the other of Don Manual Cardofo, were read; and are as follow; viz.

Translated out of French.

1 the underwritten. Book-keeper and Cashier of the late Messieurs Majhado and Pereira, deceased, Contractors General of Bread, for the EngliJIi and Dutch, during all the last War; and interested myself, with the late Monsieur Machado, in the Bread Contracts of this War, till the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Six, inclusive ;do hereby declare and attel\, That, during the whole Course of the last War, and of this present War, till the aforesaid Year 1706; I say, I do declare and affirm, That the Usage and Custom was, That the Contractors for Breaddidannually give a very Considerable

Vol. 17.

Present to the Generals commanding in Chief the Armies during the aforesaid time; and also to several General Officers of lefier Rank; which said Present, or Gratifications, were proportionable to the Strength and Number of the Troops that composed the Army to whom the Deliveries of Bread were made: And I do further attestand certify. That I have always heard, from the Persons that contracted for Bread in the First Campaigns made by King William, of glorious Memory, That the said Usage of making such Present, or Gratification, to the Generals commanding in Chief, was generally practised, and became, by long practice, a Right established in such a Manner, that the Contractors thought, that the Generals commanding in Chief might legally claim the same: In Wituefe whereof, I have sealed and signed these Presents, at the the

Twentieth Day of January 171a.

Jacob De Mercado, (L. S.)

I," Adrian VanThol, Notary Publick, admitted by the

Noble Court of Holland, residing at the , do

certify, That, on the Twentieth Day of January 1712, Mr. Jacob De Mercado did, in manner as above, sign the aforegoing Certificate, and confirm the same with his Seal, in the presence of Messieurs Matthias De , and Adolph Huijke, as Witnesses; which said Witnesses did affirm, before me the said Notary, That they do very well know him the said Mr. Mercado: In Testimony whereof, the said Witnesses, together with me the said Notary, have subscribed these Presents, with our own Hands, at the Hague, on the Day above written.

(L. S.) M.De Mele,

(L.S.) A. Huijke

And I present,

(L. S.) Adri. Van Not. Pub.

The aforegoing Translation agreeth, in Substance, with the French Certificate, and Dutch Notarial Instrument, as, after due Examination, I do attest: London, January, the 21ft, 1744.

(L. S.) Isaac Delpeth, Not. Pub. (4444.)

Translated out of French.

The underwritten. Contractor or Purveyor General of Ammunition-Bread to the Troops of his Catholick Majesty, and of some of the Allies, daring the Space of Twenty-six Years, does hereby declare and certify. That, during that whole Time, he ever saw it practised to give the General a Sum of Money out of the Product of the Ammunition-Bread, upon including, in the Deliveries that were made, such Quantities as were designed for that Purpose, with others that related to the Service: And he doth further declare, That, at the Time his late Uncle, Don Joseph Del Cajlillo, was also Contractor or Purveyor of Ammunition-Bread, and Bread-Waggons, during the War of One thousand Six hundred Seventy-two, he, the Underwritten, did hear say, and saw it practised, that the General did receive a Present, or Gratification, in proportion to the annual Product of Ammunition-Bread, in Consideration of his constant Care: In Witness whereof, I have subscribed these Presents, at Brussels, the Fifteenth Day of January 1712.

Signed, Man. Cardofo.

The here-underwritten, Counsellor and Commissioner of the Domains and Revenues of his Majesty, and Re-gifter of the Sovereign Council of Brabant, do certify, That Don Manuel Cardofo, heretofore Contractor or Purveyor General of Ammunition-Bread to his Majesty s Troops, hath signed, in our Presence, the aforegoing Writing, the Day and Year above written: In Testimony whereof we have hereunto subscribed our own Names, as Witnesses thereunto, the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Twelve.

Q- . S M. De Fonfeea,

Signed,

Thisis truly translated out of French; and doth agree, in Substance, with its Original, as after due Examination I doatteft, in London 1714.

(L. S.) Isaac Delpeth, Not. Pub. (if-ri-)

L And

24° — 2 50 Januarii. . 1711.

And Sir /oAn Germain was called in; and examined at the Bar.

And then lie withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the taking several Sums of Money annually, by the Duke of Marlborough, from the Contractors for furn ishing the Bread, and Bread Waggons, for the Army in the Low Countries, was unwarrantable and illegal;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the Words " Low " tries," these Words, " being an usual and customary " Payment, made by the Contractors for Bread, and Bread Waggons, to the Commander in Chief in the " Loro Countries

And the Question being put. That those Words be

made Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fMr* 1 eiiers for the *eas,£Mr J165.

Tellers for the Noes fMr’ leners tortneNoes,£Mr }*7°-

So it pasted in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put, That the taking several Sums of Money annually, by the Duke of Marlborough, from the Contractors for furniflting the Bread, and Bread Waggons, for the Army in the Low,

was unwarrantable and illegal;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas £ ^r* tellers lortne ieas,£Mr }*65-

Tellers for the Noes Mr> I euers for the JN oes, Mr . }>55

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.J Gibbon:

Tellers for the Noes,j }233-

So it pasted in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Two and an Half per Cent. deducted from the foreign Troops in her Majesty’s Pay, is Publick Money, and ought to be accounted for.

Resolved, That the said Uesolutions be laid before her Majesty.

Resolved, That they be laid before her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty’s Pleasure, when she will be attended by this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 250 d Januarii;

Town of Watford, in the County of Hertford, lies; and also of the Stage Coachmen, Carriers, Waggoners,

Higlers, and others, travelling through the fame, on behalf of themselves and several others, passing through the said Road; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That that Part of the Highway, which lies between Five Mile Stone and Stanmore Magna, in length Six Miles, or thereabouts, is become so ruinous, that it is dangerous, and almost impastable for Six Months in every Year, although the Inhabitants have been, from time to time, at great Charges to repair the fame: That the Materials fit to amend the said Road, being at a great Distance, will coll more than the said several Inhabitants are able to pay: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Highway aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Smithson, Mr. Bertie, and Mr. Harcourt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to give further Time for inrolling such Leases, Crown granted from the Crown, as have not been inrolled Leases. within the respective Times therein limited, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Secretary St. John reported, That her Majesty Queen ap-having been humbly waited upon, to know her Pleasure, Poll,t* when ftle would be attended by this House, her Majesty atten e' had been pleased to appoint Tomorrow at Two of the Clock, at her Palace at St. James's.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gower's to enable John Lord Gower, Baron of Stitnham, an Eftaw. Infant, to make a Settlement upon his Marriage, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm.

Wyndham, the Lord Harley, Mr. Aldioorth, Mr. Bertie, Sir Just. Isham, Sir Arth. Kay, Sir Gilb. , Mr.

Htmgerford, Mr. Dyolt, Mr. Burgh, Mr.

Mr. Heysham, the Earl of Thomond, Sir Robert Davers,

Mr. Eversfield, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Mountague, Mr.

Mr. Foley, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr.

Langham, Sir Simeon Steivart, Mr. Burfem, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Ward, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Orchard, Colonel Lee, Mr. Newland, Mr. Finch, Colonel Berkley, Mr. Annesley, Dr. Pafk, Mr. Berkley, Sir Moflyn, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Chapman, Mr. Bingham, Mr.

Goulston, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Vincent, Mr.

Sir Richard Onfloio, Mr. Scobell, Sir Geo. Newland, Mr. Wrightson, and all that serve for the Counties of Stafford,

Salop, and York :And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker Chamber.

Mr. Conyers presented to the House, according to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for charging and continuing the Duties MaltDuti«. upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1712: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Anno 10° Annae Regina?, 1711. Prayers.

Poway R DERED, That Mr. Speaker do Issue his War-

vv 1 it. rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Foway, in the County of Corniced, in the room of the Right honourable George Lord Viscount Duplin, now Lord called up to the House of Peers.

Stanmore A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Komis. Inhabitants, in and near the several Parishes of Hendon, Edgwarc, Kingsbury, and Stanmore Parva, in the Coun-ty of Middlesex, and other Parishes, in which Part of the Highway leading from the City of London to the 18

A Bill to prevent the disturbing those of the Episcopal Scotch Communion, in that Part of Great Britain called Scot- Epifcspal land, in the Exercise of their religious Worship, and in Conununioa-the Use of the Liturgy of the Church of England-, and for repealing the Act, pasted in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act against irregular Baptisms and Marriages; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-> in<: next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners for Public

taking, Accounts.

Kelli ngton Writ.

Barrier Treaty with Holland*

Supply*

Committee!.

Supply Bill. Malt Duties.

Palling

Sheriffs

Accounts*

Crown

Leases.

Committees*

Whitehaven

Harbour.

I.eave of A bltnee.

io Ann. 25* — 26° — 28° Januarii. 39

taking, examining and dating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Kelin the County of

Cornwal, in the room of Sir William Cory ton Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Sir John Anstruther, Mr. Coke, Mr. NewcaflJe Lambton, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Dashwood, Mr. Parker, Iff0"

Mr. Leigh, Mr. Bellafys, Mr. Lut Mr. Gore, Mr. 0 p! Gould, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the erecting a Corporation for the speedy finishing the Hospital, and establishing, perpetuating, and managing, of the Charity of the Skippers, and Keel-men, of the Town and County of upon Tyne,

is committed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That die will be pleased to give directions, that the Barrier Treaty made with the States General may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 28° die januarii\

Anno ioa Annas Regime, 1711.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to condder farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

O/'dered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbat/, 26° die Januarii\

Anno io* Annse Reginas, 1711. Prayers.

ABI L L for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1712, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be commiled to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Prayers.

MR. Manley presented to the House, according to Recruiting Order, a Bill for recruiting her Majesty’s Land Lan<i Force*' Forces, and Marines, for the Year 1712: And the same was received; and read the Fird time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate of Satur- Whitehaven day lad, upon an Amendment, made by the Committee, Harbour, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term for the Payment of certain Duties granted in and by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, was committed;

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The other Amendments, made by the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy Pading of Sheriffs Accounts: And that Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Burslem, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame,

A Bill to give further Time for inrolling such Leases, granted from the Crown, as have not been inrolled within the respective Times therein limited, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thurslay Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term for the Payment of certain Duties granted in and by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to tive Bill, were Once read throughout:

And the First Amendment being read a Second time;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned until Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Abercromly have leave to go into the Country for Two Months, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Voi.. 17.

Mr. Speaker reported, That he, with the House, did, Answer to on Saturday lad, lay before her Majesty the Resolutions Resolution*. of this House of Thursday lad: W hereunto her Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

I have a great Regard for whatever is represented to me by my Commons; and will do my Part to redress what you complain of.

Ordered, That it be an lndruftion to the Committee Crown of the whole House, to whom the Bill to give further Leaf* Time for inrolling such Leases, granted from the Crown, as have not been inrolled within the respective Times therein limited, is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause for the better pleading of Bargains and Sales inrolled, where the original Indentures cannot be produced.

Ordered, That it be an lndruftion also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the conveying, or pleading. Fee-farm Rents, or other Rents, purchased under the Acts of Parliament, made in the Reign of King Charles the lid; for Sale of such Rents, by the same Descriptions as are contained in the Indentures of Bargain and Sale made thereof by the Trustees for Sale, pursuant to those Acts.

A Petition of Joseph Poke, one of the Sureties of pake’s Debt Samuel Pacey, late Receiver-General for the County of to the Crown, Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act of Parliament was madeinthe Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, to enable the then Lord High Treasurer to compound with the Sureties of the said Samuel Pacey: That, pursuant thereto, the said Lord High Treasurerdid declare the Composition to be paid by the Petitioner, but dxed it at a greater Sum than the whole Subdance of the Petitioner: That, dnee then, a Bill did pass this House for the further Relief of the

Petitioner,

Publick

Account!-

40

Petitioner, but it was rejected in the House of Lords: That the Petitioner’s Estate is only for Life, subject to a Mortgage, when and ever since his Purchase, which was long before he became bound to the Crown: That he is contented to deliver up all he has in the World: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain the aforesaid Act of Parliament, so far as it respects the Petitioner.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coofideratron of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply grafted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Act of the last Session of Parliament, for taking, examining, and dating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, for One Year longer: And that

1711.

Colonel Grahme, Mr. Ward, and Mr. Shaker ly, do

prepare, and bring in the fame.

Mr. Secretary St. John presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, of the 20th of December last, and by her Majesty’s Command, a State of the War in Flanders, from the Year 1701, to the Year 1711, inclusive: A State of the War in,

A State of the War in Spain: A State of the Subsidies annually granted by Parliament, and payable to foreign Princes, pursuant to the respective Treaties, from the Commencement of the present War: And also, A State of the Sea Service.

And the Titles of the said States were read.

The laid States, except the State of the Sea Services, are in the Five subsequent Sheets annexed.

28° Januarii.

A STATE shewing what FORCES have been, from time to time, supplied by the Queen, for the Service

in Flanders since the Beginning of the War.

In

what

Year.

Nations.

1701

English

Total - -

1702

*7°3

English - -Danes -I Prujians -

) Hanoverians -Hijfians - -Palatines - -

Total

English -Holjlein Saxe Gotha Leige -

Munjler

Hcffiam - -Oojt Frize - -Osnabrug - -Palatines - -Danes (260) -

1704

1705

1706

Total

1707;

Palatines - -

Total - -Saxons -

Hanoverians -

Total - -Deduct Troops sent to Italy.

Saxe Gotha - - -Palatines - -

f Remains - -

\ English with Gen. Erie 1708 I English -

Total . -|

Battalions.

12

12

4

5 2* 8 2* I

35

2

1

0

Of

ok

t

45* 45* 45*

2i

48-

2

50*

1}

47*

5

1

53*

Squadrons.

17

10*

2

14

7

By what Treaty.

Treaty between England and HoUand, dated March 3d 1677.

Pursuant to a Vote and Address of the Hoafe of Commons, for making up the Queen's Quota to 40,000 Men j which Vote puffed < on a Message from the late King by Mr. Secretary Vernon, signify- ing. That his Majesty directed him to lay before the House the Quotas agreed to be furaished by his Majesty, the Emperor, and the States General.

50*

m

4

3

2

Pursuant to a Treaty between England and Holland, 1 March the 15th, 1703, for adjoint Augmentation of ' 20,000 Men.

59*

59*

59*

61*

4

a

67*

Now serving in Italy*

64}

64*

- Deduct

- Remains

Carried over

Numbers of Men.

io»oooo

8.459

21,6l2

.600

40,671

10,000

50,671

2,000

52,671

2,3*9

400

55.390

2,600

52,79°

4,500

938

58,228

A Continuation

State of the War.

io Ann.

a 8° Jannarii.

4*

A Continuation of the State of what Forces have been, from time to time, supplied by the Queen, for State of the

the Service in Flanders, since the Beginning of the War. " ar-

In

what

Year.

Nations.

1708 ( Brought over

Saxons -

Pniffians -

1709 Treves -English Guards

Total - -

17JO Saxons -

English

Total - -

*7" \ Total - -

Dedufit, sent to Canada; v English -

Remains

Memorandum: There are Nine Battalions and One-and-twentySqua-drons of Prussians, and Three Batalions and Two Squadrons of Hejffians, for which her Majesty, jointly with the States, pay only Bread, Agio, and Forage; which are not. included in the Lift, on either Side.

Her Majesty’s Moiety isj

So that there is actually serving, at' this time, in the Lmo Countries, on her Majesty’s Part -

Battalions. Squadrons.

53i 64T

2) 21

ir -\'6

62 804

2

64* 804-

- ~ 2

64-y 824-

5 m m

59* 824-

11}6

5t 94

By what Treaty.

Brought over - -

Deduct

Remains

Numbers of Men.

58,228

9,47*

67,699

i»548

69,247

45o

69,697

4«5°°

65>i97

7,000

72,197

Quotas agreed upon at the Hague, in 1701, to act against

Men.

By Holland - - 102,000

Deduct for Garrisons 42,000

Men.

Remains for the Field - 60,000

By England - - - - 40,000

ButHollandhas augmented their Troopsto 129,458 Deduct for Garrisons ... 42,000

Remains for the Field

And England has augmented their Forces to

Total for the Field

Although England, augmenting in proportion, ought to have furnished, but - 58,305

So that England has furnished more " than their Proportion -

Men.

- 87,458

- 72,197

] i3,892

N. B. As the Number of Garrisons have been increased, by the Acqui-fitions in the Low Countries during thisWar, they must necessarilytake up a greater Number of Men than the first 42,000 i which, consequent-159>655 ly, reduces the Number for the

- Field: And then the Troops fur-

nished by England more than their Proportion, would appear greater than the above -

Men.

13,892

72,197

And the Deficiency of Troops by Holland more than the above ' - - 20,837

This State is as perfect as I have been able to make it, from the Books in the Offices of the Secretaries of State, from those of the War Office, and from the Accounts delivered by other Persons employed in the Service.

H. St. John.

VOL. 17.

M

A STATE,

State of the War.

28° Januarii. A. 1711,

A STATE,

SHEWING

What FOR CES have been, from time to time, supplied by the States General, for the Service in Flanders,

fmce the Beginning of the War.

In

what

Year.

Nation ».

1701

Dutch

Total -

i7°a(

Anfpach - -

Mecklenburgh - -

Hanover and Cell Heje Caffell -

Palatines - -

Danes -

Mimjler -

Prussians - - -llefjians - -

l1°3\

Total -

English - - - -Holjlein Gottorp - -Saxe Gotha - -

Leige....

Munster - -

Hcjjxans - -

Oojt Frize - - - -Osnabrug - -Palatines - - - -Danes (260) -

1704

*75

1706

Total -

Palatines - -

Total -Dutch Horse - - -Saxons -

Hanoverians -

1707/

Total - Deduct Troops sent to Spain and Italy, Dutch

Saxe Gotha -

Palatines -

170S

Remains -

By what Treaty. Number*

Battalions. Squadrons. of Men.

75 73

75 73 79,858

2 4

2

6 XI

3 - Pursuant to an Agreement with England, ^,) for supplying 60,000 Men in the Field, and > 30>3^4

7 8

5 IO^ 42,000 for their Garrisons , - J

2 2

2*

2i 7

x°7 117* - IIO,24J

2 -

1 4

1 3

1* I A 2

mm m i Pursuant to a Treaty between England } r and Holland, for a joint Augmentation of > 10,000

1 X -1

- 20,000 Men 3

2

H7f 1261 - - - - 120,242

nyi 126*

ll7k 1264

1-r 1 1,000

118* *7i - 121,242

1,160

2 4 m _ mm m m 2.3*9

- 2 m m m m — 400

I20| i33* - - 125,12*

3) *J*3 9' I0J 3(2*,) Deduct - 12,850

8> f

>°7* 112 f . - Remains - - 112,271

i°7i 112$ Carried over - - 112,271

A Continuation

io Ann, 28° Januarii. 43

A Continuation of the State of what Forces have been, from time to time, supplied by the States General,

for the Service in Flanders, since the Beginning of the War.

In W licit Year. Nations. Battalions. Squadrons. By what Treaty. Numbers of Men.

1708 Brought over - - — 1074 — 1 I2| — Brought over m 112,271

rSwifs and Grisons augmented - 1.144

Wirtenberg ----- 51 4 1 ~) I

Wolfenbut tie ----- 2( ‘ I

»7°9 < Saxons ----- - 2 >11 2 V 6 > - 9.0 13

Holstein ----- - x\ - I

Munster ----- - 1 J m J

L Total - - 1184 118| m m m 122,458

*710 ! 1 1184 n8f

1711 1 1184 1184

Memorandum: There are Nine

Battalions and One-and-twenty Squadronsof P ruffians, and Three Battalions and 'Two Squadrons of Hejfians, for which her Majesty, jointly with the States, pay only Bread, Agio, and Forage;

which are not included in this Lift, on either Side.

Tl,e Stlles is £of 11}6 m m m «. m — 7,000

So that there is actually serving, "1 1

at this time, in the Low Countries,} on the States Part ----- J > I24i 130 m ~ m 129,458

Quotas agreed upon at the Hague, in 1701, to act against France.

Men

By England - -- 40,000

Men,

B y Holland - 102,000

Deduct for Garrisons - - 42,000

Remains for the Field 60,000

But England has augmented their Forces to And Holland has augmented their Forces to Deduct for Garrisons -

100,000

129,458

42,000

Men.

7a>197

Remains for the Field - - * - 87,458

Total for the Field

- i59>655

Although Holland, augmenting in proportion, ought to have fur-t 108,20s milled for the Field - -- -- 1

So that Holland has furnished less than their Proportion by - 20,837

Remains, as above - 87,458

Vol. 17.

A STATE

State of the War

State of the War.

44 a 8° Januarii. 1711.

A STATE /hewing what Forces have been, from time to time, supplied by the Queen, fjr the Service

in Portugal, since the Beginning of the War.

In what Year. Nations. Battalions. Squadrons. Number of Men. By what Treaty.

1703 English - - - - 8 6 8,000 C Treaty between the Emperor, England, Holland, and the \ King of Portugal, 16th May 1703.

1704 English - - - - 2 2 1,810 fJV. B. These Troops were sent to repair the Loss < which has been fullained, in the Beginning of the [ Year 1704, at Cajlellde Fide and N. B. One of the Battalions which had been taken at the Places aforesaid, was, at the End of the Year, sent complete from England to Portugal.

1706 Total in 1704 -Formed of Prisoners 9 2 8

Total - - 11 8

N. B. In this Year the whole Body of English and Dutch marched into with the Army,

and returned no more into Portugal, being, at the End of the Year, obliged to retire into Valencia.

The King of Portugal demanding a fre/h Supply of Forces, for the Security of his Country, her Majesty did thereupon fend some of her own Troops, and caused others to be raised in Portugal, at her Expense; viz.

1707 English - - - - 4 - 2,900

1708 English - - - - 2 m 1,71° 876

Porlugueze - - - 1 m

Formed of Deserters 1 - 845

1 you English - - - 5 912

Porlugueze -Formed of Deserters - 10 1,615

*710 - 4 646

8 19 9*504

Which Troops were actually serving in Portugal, on her Majesty's Account, in the year 1711; except the Battalion of Deserters, which were taken Prisoners, and reduced in the Year 1710.

This State is as perfect as I have been able to make it, from the Books in the Offices of the Secretaries of State, from those of the War Office, and from the Accounts delivered by other Persons employed in the Service.

H. St, John,

it

A STATE

jo Ann. 28° Januarii. 45

A STATE shewing what Forces have been, from time to time, supplied by the States General, for the Service in Portugal, since the Beginning of the War.

J- 111 what Year. Nations. Battalions. Squadrons. Number of Men. By what Treaty.

1703 Dutch ..... 4,000 f Treaty between the Emperor, England, Holland,

6 4 I and the King of Portugal, 16th May 1703. r N, B. These Troops were sent to repair

1704 Dutch ..... ft 1,200 < the Loss which had been sustained in the Beginning of the Year 1704.

Memorandum: The States kept up to a Quota of 4. till the Time of the Battle of Almanza; blit since, they have not sent One Man to Portugal: Whereas the Qufeen has since the said Time sent to that Country, and raised there at her Charge, Eight Battalions and Nineteen Squadrons.

Memorandum: The King of Portugal, by the Treaty of May 16th, 1703, was to bring into the Field 12,000 Foot, and 3,000 Horse, on his own Account.

And, in Consideration of a Subsidy of a Million of Patacoons a Year (whereof the Queen to pay -f, and the States 4), that King was to furnish 13,000 more; but the whole Body of his Troop* scarcely ever amounted to the leaf! of those Numbers.

Vol. 17*

¥ A STATE

State of th* War.

State of the War.

46 $8° Janua ’ 1711.

A STATE shewing what Forces have been, from time to time, supplied by the Queen, for the

Service in Spain, since the Beginning of the War.

In Numbers of Men.

what Year. Nations. Battalions. Squadrons. By what Treaty*

*7°5 \ English ----- 6 2 5,oooo

1706 English - - - - 5 - - - 4,170

More, ditto - - - - 7 4 1 8,152

French Refugees - - 3 - - j

Total - - Zl 6 . 17*3*3

O GO Germans - - - 6 - - - 4,36b

Italians and Germans - m 6 7 5*48°

Portuguese - - - - 2 21 5>569 f These Troops were reduced, in June 1711, to 3,49$ £ Men, in 15 Squadrons, and Two Battalions.

Palatines - 2 - - - i,3°o

Total - - 37 34 34.031 t

.1709 English - - - - 9 2 7»9°4

Germans and Italians - - 5 - - - 3,180

Total - - 51 36 45.115

1710 Germans and Italians - - 4 - - 3,000

Portuguese - - - 1 ... 845

Total - - * m * 48,960

1711 English 9 - - - 7>OI3

Imperial Dragoons - - - - 12 2,000

Total - - 65 1 48 57.973

Memorandum: The Body of English and Dutch which marched from Portugal into Spain, in 1706, and which has ever since continued upon that Service, is not included in this Lid on either Side.

Memorandum: notwithstanding the Reductions which have, from time to time, been made of the Queen’s Forces in Spain, the Supplies which have been yearly Cent thither have far exceeded such Reductions; so that there now remains in Spain, of English Troops, 24 Battalions, and 14 Squadrons; whereof 11 Squadrons, and Eight Battalions, were taken Prisoners at mega: And of the Auxiliaries in her Majesty’s Pay there are 37 Battalions, and 52 Squadrons, including 13 Battalions, and 18 Squadrons, of the King of Spain's own Troops, not inserted in the above Account, for which her Majesty pays a Subsidy.

Difference, on the Queen’s Side, 55 Battalions, and 52 Squadrons.

This State is as perfect as I have been able to make it, from the Books in the Offices of the Secretaries of State, from those of the War Office, and from the Accounts delivered by other Persons employed in the Service.

H. Si. John.

A STATE

I o Ann.

l8° Januarii.

A STATE shewing what Forces have been, from time to time, supplied by the States General, for the Service

in Spain, since the Beginning of the War.

State of the War.

In what Year. Nations. Battalions. Squadrons. Numbers of Men.

*705 Dutch ----- - 4 - 2,500

>706 Dutch ----- - 6 m m 4,000

Total - - 10 . 6,500

11708 Palatines ----- 4 8 5>7°°

Total - - «4 8 12,200

- , -i.-

By what Treaty.

These Palatines, with the Remains of the Dutch Forces, after the Battle of Altnanza, made a Corps of Six Battalions, and 14 Sqnndronsj which was about the Number of Troops which the States had in Spain before the said Battle j since which Time they have not sent any Forces into that Country.

Memorandum: In the Beginning of the Year 1711 the Emperor sent a Regiment to Spain, confiding of 2,000 Men: And, upon the frequent Representations of the Imperial Ministers, That nothing was wanting to finish the War in Spain but an Augmentation of 2,000 Horse, the Queen took into her Pay 1 wo Imperial Regiments, amounting to that Number: And the States General promised to fend , Four Battalions at the same time; but they are not yet sent.

The States have, at this time, in Spain, Six Battalions, and 14 Squadrons.

Vol. 17,

A STATE

g

eg'

iH-

n'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

&0»

*5 2.

A STATE of the SUBSIDIES annually granted by Parliament, and payable to foreign Princes, pursuant to the respective Treaties, from the Commencement of the Present War,

To whom payable, &c.

To the King of Drnmarlc in Bank Money

To the Landgrave of Hjje Cijjcll -

For augmenting and marching his Troops to Italy To the Elector of Treves -

To the Puke of Savoy ....

To the King of Portugal -

To the King of Prussia ....

Bread, Agio, and Forage for Men in Flanders To the iiledor Palatini

TOTAL

To the King of Denmark....

To the Landgrave of Hejfe CaJJcll

For augmenting and mirching his Troops to Italy -

For Bread, Agio, Forage Waggons, and Hospitals, for his Troops in Italy To the Elector of Treves -

To the Duke of Savoy....

To the King of Portugal....

To the King of Prvjfia -

Bread, Agio, and Forage, forjp Men in Flanders - -

To the Elector Palatine - *x-

TOTAL -

Memorandum: The Sum of £. 150,000 a Year, from the Year 1707, inclu-live, has been allowed by Parliament, to the King of Spain, for the Support of himself, and his Troops, beyond what is charged in this Account.

Memorandum: Besides the Subsidiesto the King of Prussia, in the above Account, hisPruffian Majesty has demanded 5 of 70,000 Crowns, for her Majesty’s Share of the Charge of recruiting his Troops in Italy, and continuing them in the Service there for the Years 1710 and 1711; which was accordingly provided for by Parliament, for those Years.

Memorandum; Besides the usual Subsidy of 640,000 Crowns a Year to the Duke of Savoy, there was allowed him in the Year 1706 £. 50,000, and in the Years 1709, 1710, and 1711, £. 100,000 each Year, for the Extraordinary of the War in Italy,

1701. 1702. 1703- 1704. 1705. 1706.

By England. By Holland. By England. By Holland. ByEngland. By Holland. By England. By Holland. ByEngland. By Holland. By England. By Holland.

Crowns. 75»°°o Crowns, 75,000 Crowns. 150,000 50,000 Crowns. 150,600 50,000 Crowns. 150.000 50,000 160.000 111,111 Crowns, 150,000 50.000 25>oooo 80.000 55,555* Crowns. 150.000 50.000 s.r.oooo 640.000 666,6665 20.000 Crowns. 150.000 50.000 25.000 320.000 333*333t 20.000 Crowns. 150.000 50.000 25.000 640.000 666,6667 194*520 20.000 Crowns. 150.000 50.000 25.000 320.000 333»333t 97/260 20.000 Crowns- 150.000 25.000 47*124 25.000 640.000 666,6665 200.000 81.973 20.000 Crowns* 150.000 25»oooo 23*5'12 25.000 320.000 333*3335 100.000 82,973 20.000

75,000 75,000 200,000 200,000 496,111 36°i5564 1,551.666} 898,333; 1,740,186*- 995,593; 1,856,763! 1,079,868!

1707. 1708. 1709. 1710. I 711. Total.

150.000 25.000 33*333* 46,6665 25.000 640.000 666,6665 200.000 155>45 lT 20.000 150,000 25,000 6,6665 *3*3335 25.000 320.000 333*333j 100.000 i55*45i! 20.000 150.000 25.000 66,6665 i°7*374t 25.000 640.000 666,6665 200.000 155.45't 20.000 150.000 25.000 133*3337 53*6877 25.000 320.000 333,333} 100.000 155.45 *T 20.000 150.000 25.000 66,6665 25.000 640.000 666,666| 200.000 155»45:,t 20.000 150,000 25,000 33*333} 25.000 3*20,000 333*3&Vt 100,000 I35>45i7 20.000 150,000 25,000 66,6665 25,000 640,000 666,6665 200,000 155,45 ly 20,000 150.000 25.000 33*3335 25.000 320.000 333*3335 100.000 155*46 20.000 1 150,00© 25.000 66,6665 25.000 640.000 666,6665 200.000 155*4617 20.000 150.000 25.000 33>333j 25.000 320.000 333»333t 100.000 1554517 20.000 L575*oooo 350.000 347*124 154*0417 225.000 5,280,000 5*444*4447 1*394*520 860,2315 160.000 1,575.°°° 350.000 i»56U 77,010} 225.000 2^640,000 ‘2; 722.2225 697,260 860,2315 l60,000

1,962,116; 1,168,784; 2,056,159! 1,210,805! . *948*785 1-, i 62, si 85 r,94*»7®5 11,162,1185 1.948,785 1,102,1T&5 15^,790,30« 9,480,296

Memorandum; The Treaty with the King of Prvjfa dated 28th No-rember 1704, for a Body of 8,000 Men of his Troops to serve in Italy,. stipulates, that 300,000 Crowns a Year shall be paid him, in equal Proportions, between England and Holland, and is signed only on the Part of England; not doubting but the Dutch would agree accordingly: But it appears, that 5 thereof has been paid by England.

Memorandum: Two Thirds of the Subsidy of a Million of Patacoons, to the King of Portugal, has always been paid b y England; altho*, by the 5th Article of the Treaty of Often five Alliance, it fee ms as if the same should have been paid by the Emperor, England, and Holland.

Memomndim; At the Beginning of the War, the Subsidies were to be paicl'between England and Hoi-lund9 by equal Proportions; Crowns*

But by the above Account, the Proportion for 1,

England amounts to ----- j 15»79°>3(51 A ml for Holland ----- - 0480,2 06

P

Cm

This State is as perfect as I have been able to make it, from the Books in the Offices of the Secretaries of State, from those of the War Office, and from the Accounts delivered by other Persons employed in the Service.

H. St. John,

Making together - - 25,270,657 One Moiety whereof, for Engltmd, amounts to - 12,635,3285 1 Sq ihzl England pays, more thar. the first Proportion 3* 155,0325 )

15.700,3^1 as above.

OO

8° Janu.

jo Ann.

a 8" janu

49

ate of the War.

' Arid the said State of the Sea Service is as follows;

By the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great. and

Sec. and of all her Majesty’s Plantations, &c.

Her Majesty’s Pleasure having been signified to us* By Mr. Secretary St. John, That we should, in pursuance of an Address from the House of Commons, pre* pare an Account of the Quotas of her Majesty’s Ships* and those of her Allies, during this present War j and what Agreements and Conventions have been made for the said Quotas; and how the same have been observ^ ed; We do, in obedience to her Majesty’s Commands humbly report;

That by the Treaties between the Crown of Gredt

Ordered, That the said States do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the War.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Public her Majesty, That ihe will be pleased to direct the pro- Money ac-per Officers to lay before this House an Account how counted for* much of the Thirty-five Millions Three hundred and two thousand One hundred and Seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence, of the Money granted by Parliament, and issued for the Public Service, to

Britain, and the States General, their Proportion of 7,0^W«C!lrWaS, humbly represented to her Ma-

1 a M m 1 f F l \ VO H y\ ala A 4 A I 111 A A A4 1*^ A I' I 1 Ci Art A V’l 4 A

Ships of the Line of Battle to act in conjunction with those of this Kingdom in the Channel, and in and about the Mediterranean, ought to be Three to our Five:

That since the Commencement of the present War,

not only Sir David Mitchell, but Sir James Wi/hart,

have been appointed, by her Majesty’s Command, to go to Holland, and to adjust with the States General,

or their Deputies, the Quotas of their Ships of War to act in conjunction with those of her Majesty as aforesaid; and what was done in pursuance of thofeTreaties

was sent to her Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State: the Commissioners appointed to examine how, and to Debentures.

jesty, by this Hotife, the last Session of Parliament, to remain unaccounted for; has been since accounted for, by whom, and when; and also what Obstructions have arisen in accounting for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider col. Rice’s of the Report to this House, in November 1707, from application of

To which we do humbly refer:

And as to the Number of Ships of the Line of Battle which the States General have each Yoar, during this War, joined to her Majesty’s on the afore-mentioned Services, the same will appear by the following Account; which hath been computed with as much Ex-aftness as the Nature of the Thing will bear;

In the Year 1702,

Her Majesty had Forty-four Ships employed in the Channel and Soundings, of the Line of Battle, and Thirty in and about the Medite; making, in the Whole, 74; and they were joined by no more than 33 of the States General; whereas they iliould have been 44.

In the Year 1703,

Seventy-nine of her Majesty’s Ships were employed on the aforesaid Services, and but 22 of the States; which ought to have been 47.

In the Year 1704,

There were 74 of the Queen’s Ships, and 18 Dutch; which should have been 44.

In the Year 1705,

Seventy-nine Ships of her Majesty’s were employed iob aforesaid, and 20 Dutch, instead of 47.

In the Year 1706,

There were but Fifteen Ships of the States General sifted in conjunction with 78 of the Queen’s; whereas they should have been 40.

In the Year 1707,

To Seventy-two Ships of her Majesty’s, there were no

whom, and for what. Colonel John Rice disposed of Eleven thousand Four hundred and Twenty Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, in Army Deben* tures: And that they do report their Opinion there- upon to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Auditor Harley, Mr field, Mr. Lmondes, Mr. Foley, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Paw-let, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Campion, Mr. England, Mr.

Moor, Mr. Ward, Mr. Cholniondley, Colonel Moreton,

Mr. Pri/e, Mr. Quick, Mr. Ferrier, Sir Robert Mr. Curzon, Major Churchill, Lord Cajllecember, Mr*

Carter, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Levene, Mr. Harris, Lord Wm. Pawlett, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Sir

Geo. Beaumont, Sir Cha. Cox, Mr. Lockhart, Sir Roger Mojfyn, Lord Harley, Mr. Carnegie, Sir Richard

Jlow: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Prosecutions what has been done upon the several Prosecutions, for by Address of which this House did humbly addrels her Majesty the Session* last Session of Parliament.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1712;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

Supply Bill; Malt Duties

more than 27 Ships of the States General, instead of 43. . mittee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of

In the Year 1708, Credit.

The States General joined Twenty-five Ships of the Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said line, to 69 of her Majesty’s, instead of 43. Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause

In the Year 1709, to transfer to the Register for that Act, the Principal and

No more than Eleven Ships of the States were joined Interest remaining unpaid on the Act for the Duties on

4067 of the Queen’s Ships, instead of 42. Malt, for the Year which commenced from the 24th of

In the Year 1710, June 1710.

Her Majesty had 62 Ships employed on the afore- Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said mentioned Services, and the States General appointed Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause no more than 13 to act in conjunction with them, in- for enlarging the Time for Payment Of a Debt of stead of 37. Three thousand Six hundred and Thirty-five Pounds

And in the Year 1711, Fifteen Shillings and Eight Pence Halfpeny, into the

There was no more than 12 Dutch Ships, instead of Receipt of her Majesty’s Exchequer, by Sir Richard 35, appointed to act with 59 of the Queen’s; which, as Allin, alias Anguish, Baronet, in pursuance of an Act well as those in the preceding Year, were employed passed the last Session of Parliament.

in the Mediterranean; and not so much as One Ship allotted by the States General to act in concert with those of her Majesty’s against the Enemy’s Ships at Dunkirk and in the Channel.

Admiralty Office, G. Byng,

lift January, 1744. . IVm. Drake,

By Command of their Lordships, J.

J. Burchett Geo. Clark.

.Vo 1. 17.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had made several Amendments thereto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same O

JO a8° — 39 ° J

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 2 90 Januarii \

Anno 10° Annas Reginae, 1711.

Prayers.

Assize of OIR William Whitlocke reported from the Committee, Jewel. O to whom the Bill for explaining and altering the Laws now in being concerning the Assizes of Fevvel, so far as they relate to the Assize of Billet, made of Beech-wood only, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout j and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Content A Petition of Thomas , of London, Merchant, Galley. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Content, a Ship of about 300 Tons Burthen, being taken by Robert Johnfo Commander of her Majesty’s Ship the Kent, was, with all her Tackle, Apparel, and Appurtenances, condemned as Prize, on the 26th June 1710: That the Petitioner, soon after, purchased the same from Harcourt Master Esquire, authorized by the Captors, and allowed as Agent, by Commission of Delivery from the Admiralty Court, for the Sum of £.1,1 j 8. 16s. 10 d.and has expended, in refitting the lame, £.2,442. 7 s.3 d.: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Ship free.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cartxorig/it and Air. Wortley do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Duties on A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City Prize Sugar, of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; setting

forth. That, the Petitioners trading to her Majesty’s Plantations in America, their Agents have shipped home several Parcels of Sugar, and other Commodities, taken as Prize from the Enemy; which, by a Clause in an Act, passed in the last Sessions, for the Encouragement of Trade to America, the Officers of her Majesty’s Customs demand £.2. 10 2 for each Hundred Weight of Mnfcavado Sugar; which is about double the Value of what it will fell for, and is an entire Prohibition to the Consumption thereof in Great Britain', and, there remaining after all Allowances deducted, if shipped for foreign Parts, £.t. if. 1 id. with the Addition of Freight, makes it equally impracticable for Exportation: And pray ing Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants trading to America is referred.

Poke’s Dei»t Ordered, That the Commissioners for'Taxes do lay to ilie Crown, before this House a State of the same of Joseph Poke, one of the Sureties for Samuel Pacey, late Receiver General for the County of and who were the

other Sureties.

Supply Bill; Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Halt Duties. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1712, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill; and had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to charge the Buyers of Apples and Pears with the Duties upon Cyder and Perry:

And the same was twice read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary St.John presented to the House, pur- Barrier suant to their Address to her Majesty, and by her Ma- Treaty with jetty’s Command, a Copy of the Treaty between her Holland- Majesty and the States General, for securing the Succession to the Crown of Great Brit and for settling the Barrier for the States General against; con*

eluded at the Hague, the 29th of October 1709:

A Copy of the separate Article of the Treaty between her Majesty and the States General, for securing the '

Succession to the Crown of Great Britain; and for settling a Barrier for the States General against France; concluded at the Hague, the 29th of October 1709: And,

A Copy of the Second separate Article of the Treaty between her Majesty and the States General, for securing the Succession to the Crown of Great and for settling a Barrier for the States General against France s concluded at the Hague, the 29th of October 1709: And also,

Translations of the said Treaties.

And the Titles of the said Copies and Translations were read.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the Translations of the said Treaties are as follow; viz.

Translation of the Treaty between her Majesty and the States General, for securing the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain-, and for settling a Barrier for the States General against France; concluded at the Hague, the 29th of October 1709.

Her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, and the Lords the Slates General of the United Provinces, having considered how much it concerns the Quiet and Security of their Kingdoms and States, and the Publick Tranquillity, to maintain and to secure, on one Side, the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain, in such manner as it is now established by the Laws of the Kingdom; and, on the other Side, That the States General of the United Proxunces should have a strong and

sufficient Barrier against France, and others, who would surprise or attack them; and her Majesty, and the said States General, apprehending, with just Reafoii, the Troubles and the Mischiefs which may happen with relation to this Succession, if at any time there (liould be any Person, or any Power, who should call it in question; and that the Countries and States of the said Lords the States General were not provided with such a Barrier: Forthefe Ileafons, her said Majesty the Queen of Great Britain (though in the Vigour of her Age, and enjoying a perfect Health, which God preserve for many Years), according to her usual Prudence and Piety, has thought fit to enter with the Lords the States General of the United Provinces into a particular Alliance and Confederacy; whereof the Publick Quiet and Tranquillity, and the preventing, by timely Measures, all the Events which might one Day or other occatton new Wars, are to be the principal End, and only Aim:

With this View it is that her Britannick Majesty, for adjusting certain Articles of a Treaty, which is additional to the Treaties and Alliances that (lie has already with* the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, has given her full Power to her Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, Charles Viscount

Baron

ioAnn.

290 janu

Baron of Lyn Beg is, Privy Counsellor of her Britannic Majesty, Captain of her said Majesty’s Yeomen of the Guard, and her Lieutenant in the County of Norfolk; and the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, to the Sieurs John de. Lord of Vdiburgh, Great Bailiff of the Lower Bcluw of the Body of the Nobility of the Province of Frederick

Baron of llheed, Lord of L and Ter Lee, of the Order of the Nobility of the Province of Holland West Frizeland-, Coun-

fellor Pensionary of the Province of Holland and West Frizeland, Keeper of the Great Seal, and Superinten-dant of the Fiefs of the same Province; Cornelius Van Gheel, Lord of Spanbroek, , &c.; Gedeon

Hoeuft, Canon of the Chapter of the Church of St. Peter at Utrecht, and Elected Counsellor in the Slates of the Province of Utrecht-, 1IVan Sminia, Secretary

of the Chamber of Accounts of the Province of land; Erne/l literfum. Lord of OJlerhof, of the Body of the Nobility of the Province of Oveiyffell; and Wicker Wichers, Senator of the City of Groningen-, all

Deputies to the Assembly of the said Lords the States General, on the Part, respectively, of the Provinces of Guelder, Holland and West Frizeland, Zeland, Utrecht, Frizeland, Overyfj'ell and Groningen and;

who, by virtue of their full Powers, hath agreed upon the following Articles:

I.

The Treaties of Peace, Friendship, Alliance, and Confederacy, between her Britannick Majesty and the States General of the United Provinces, are approved and confirmed by the present Treaty; and shall remain in their former Force and Virtue, as if they were insertectWord for Word.

IT.

The Succession to the Crown of England, having been settled by an Act of Parliament, passed the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, the Title of which is, An Act for the farther Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject; and lately, in the Sixth Year of the Reign- of her present Majesty, this same Succession having been again established and confirmed by another Act, made for the greater Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain, &c. in the Line of the most Serene House of Hanover, and in the Person of the Princess Sophia, and of her Heirs, Successors, and Defendants, Male and Female, born or to be born; and no Power having any Right to oppose the Laws made to this Purpose by the Crown and Parliament of Great Britain: If itfliouldhappenneverthe-less, under any Pretence, or for any Cause whatever, Thatany Person, or any Power, or State, should pretend to call in question the Establishment which the Parliament has made of the aforesaid Succession in the moll Serene House of Hanover, to oppose the said Succession, to assist, or to favour, those who may oppose it directly or indirectly, by open War, or by fomenting Seditions and Conspiracies against her, or him, in favour of whom the Crown of Great Britain shall be settled, pursuant to the Acts aforesaid; the States General of the United Provinces engage and promise to assist and maintain in the said Succession her, or him, to whom it shall belong, by virtue of the said Acts of Parliament; to aflilt them in taking Post'eflion, if they have not already got it; and to oppose those who would disturb them in the taking such Post'eflion, or in the actual possession of the aforesaid Succession.

III.

Her said Majesty, and the States General, pursuant to the Fifth Article of the Alliance concluded between the Emperor, the late King of Great Britain, and the Isolds the States General, the 7th of September 1701, shall employ all their Forces to recover the rest of the Spanish L010 Countries.

IV.

And farther, they shall endeavour to conquer as many Vol. 17.

other Towns and Forts as they can, that they may serve as a Barrier, and Security, to the said Lords the States.

V.

And whereas, according to the Ninth Article of the said Alliance, it is to be agreed, among!! other Things, how, and in what manner, the States shall be secured by means of this Barrier; the Queen of Great Britain shall use her Endeavours to procure, that in the Treaty of Peace it may be agreed, that all the Spanish Low Countries, and what else may be found necessary, whether iri respect to Towns and Places conquered or not conquered, shall serve as a Barrier to the States.

VI.

That, to this End, their High Mightinesse may put and keep Garrison, change, augment, and diminish it, as they shall judge proper, in the Places following; namely, Neioport, Furnefe, with the Fort of Knocke, Ipres, Menin, the Town and Citadel of Lijle, Tour nay. and its Citadel, Conde, Valenciennes, and the Places which shall hereafter be conquered from; Mau-

beuge, Charleroy, Namur and its Citadel; Licre, Halle, to be fortified; the Forts of Perle, Philippe, Damme, the Castle of Gancland Dendermonde; the Fort of St. Donas,

being joined to the Fortifications of Sluice, and being entirely incorporated with it, shall remain, and be yielded, in Property to the States; the Fort of lloden-huyzen, on this Side Gand, shall be demolished.

VII.

The said Lords the States General may, in case of an apparent Attack, or War, put as many Troops as they shall think necessary into all the Towns, Places, and Forts, of the Spanish Low Countries, where the Usage of War shall require it.

VIII.

They may likewise fend into the Towns, Forts, and Places, where they shall have their Garrisons, without any Hinderance, and without paying any Duties, Provisions, warlike Ammunition, Arms and Artillery, Materials for the Fortifications, and all that shall be found convenient and necessary for the said Garrisons and Fortifications.

IX.

The said Lords the States General may also put in the Towns, Forts, and Places, of their Barrier, mentioned in the foregoing Sixth Article, where they shall have their Garrisons, such Governors and Commanders, Majors, and other Officers, as they shall think fit; who shall not be subject to any other Orders relating to the Security, and military Government, of the said Places, whatsoever they may be, or from whomsoever they may come, but only to those of their High Mightinesse, exclusive of all others; yet without Prejudice to the Rights and Privileges, as well ecclesiastical as political, of King Charles the Third.

X.

That, farthermore, the said Lords the States may fortify the said Towns, Places, and Forts belonging the reunto; and repair the Fortifications thereof, in such manner as they shall judge necessary; and, farther, they may do whatever shall be useful for their Defence.

XI.

The Lords the States General shall enjoy all the Revenues of the Towns, Places, Chattelenys, and their Dependencies, which they shall have for their Barrier, from France, whereof the Crown of Spain was not in Post'eflion at the Time of the Death of the late King Charles the Second; and, besides, a Million of Livres shall be settled, to be paid, of ^One hundred thousand Crowns every Three Months, out of the clearest Revenues of the Spanish Low Countries, which the said King was then in Post'eflion of: Both which are to serve for maintaining the Garrisons of the States, and providing for the Fortifications; as also the Magazines, and other necessary Expences, in the Towns and Places above mentioned: And, to the end that the Expences to be made may be supplied from the said Revenues, Endeavours shall be used for enlarging the Dependences, and Chattelenys, above mentioned, as much as

a 1 possible;

Barrier

Treaty with Holland.

Carrier Treaty with Holland,

5 X Januaril. 1711.

possible; and particularly, for stipulating, That the selves to furnish, by Sea and ILond, the Succours and Chattelleny of Cassel, and the Wood) of Niepe, may Aflifiance necessary to maintain, by Force, her said Ma-go along with the Chattelleny of Ipres-, and the Juris- jetty in the quiet Potfetfion of her Kingdoms, and the diction of Douay, with the Chattelleny of Lijle: both most Serene House of Hanover in the said Succetiiou, the one, and the other, having been annexed thereto in the Manner it is settled by the Acts of Parliament before the present War. before mentioned; and to maintain the said States

XII. General in the Possession of the said Barrier.

That no Town, Fort, Place, or Country, of the Spanish Low Countries, shall be yielded, transferred, or given, or descend, to the Crown of France, or to any one of the French Line; whether by virtue of any Gift, Sale, Exchange, Marriage Agreement, Inheritance, Succession by Will, or without Will nor by any Title, or in any other Manner whatsoever, shall they be put into the Power, or under the Authority, of the moil Christian King, or of any one of the French Line.

XIII.

And whereas the said Lords the States General, in pursuance of the Ninth Article of the said Alliance, are to make a Convention, or Treaty with King Charles the Third, for putting the States in a Condition of Safety, bymeansof the said Barrier; the Queen o Britain

will concur with her good Offices, that all that is above mentioned, relating to the Barrier of the States, may be inserted in the aforesaid Treaty or Convention; and that her said Majesty will continue her good Offices till the above-mentioned Convention between the States, and the said King Charles the Third, be concluded, agree-

ably to what is before mentioned: And that her Majesty will guarantee the said Treaty, or Convention.

XIV.

And, to the end that the said Lords the States may enjoy, from this present Time, as much as possible, a Barrier for the Spani/hLow Countries-,they shall be per-

mitted to put their Garrisons into the Towns already taken, and which may be taken before the Peace be concluded, and put in Execution: And in the mean while, the said King Charles the Third shall not enter into Possession of the said Spani/ Low Countries, neither in the whole nor in Part; and, during that Time, the Queen shall assist their High Mightinesse, in maintaining them in the enjoyment of the Revenues, and in finding the Million of Livres a Year, above mentioned.

XV.

And whereas their High Mightinesse havestipulated, by the Treaty of Munjler, in the Fourteenth Article, That the River Schelde, as also the Canals of Sas, Szoyn, and other Mouths of the Sea joining the reunto, should be kept lhut on the Side of the States;

And in the Fifteenth Article, That the shipsand Commodities going in, and coming out of, the Harbours of Flanders, shall be and remain charged with all such Im-posts. and other Duties, as are raised upon Commodities going and coming along the , and the

other Canals above mentioned:

The Queen of Great Britain promises and engages. That their High Mightinesse shall never be disturbed in their Right and Possession in that respect, neither directly nor indirectly, but that they shall continue fully to enjoy the fame; as also, that, in Prejudice of the said Treaty, the Commerce shall not be made more easy by the Sea Ports, than by the said Rivers, Canals, and Mouths of the Sea, on the Side of the States of the United Provinces, neither directly or indirectly.

And whereas, by the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Articles of the same Treaty of Munster, his Majesty the King of Spain is obliged to treat the Subjects of their High Mightinesse as favourably as the Subjects of Great Britain, and the Hans Towns, who were then the People most favourably treated: Her Britannick Majesty, and their High Mightinesse, promise likewise to take care, that the Subjects of Great Britain, and of their High Mightinesse, shall be treated in the Low Countries, as well as in all Spain, the Kingdoms and States belonging the reunto, equally, and, both the one and the other, as favourably as the Nations which are the most favoured.

XVI.

The said Queen, and States General, oblige them*

XVII.

After the Ratifications of this Treaty, a particular Convention shall be made of the Conditions, according to which the said Queen, and the said Lords the States General, will engage to furnish the Succours which shall be thought necessary, as well by Sea as by Land.

XVIII.

If her British Majesty, or the States General of the United Provinces, be attacked by siny one whatsoever, on account of this Convention, they shall mutually assist one another with all their Forces; and shall become Guarantees of the Execution of the said Convention.

XIX.

All the Kings, Princes, and States, that shall be willing to enter into this present Treaty, shall be invited and admitted into the same as soon as possible; particularly his Imperial Majesty, the Kings of Spain and Pntjjia, and the Elector of Hanover: And her Britannick Majesty, and the States General of the United

and each of them in particular, shall be permitted to require and invite those whom they shall think fit to require and invite, to enter into this Treaty, and to be Guarantees of its Execution.

XX.

And as Time has shewn the Omission that was made in the Treaty, signed at Ryswick, in the year 1697, between EnglSid&nd France, concerning the Right of the Succession of England, in the Person of her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain now reigning; and that, for want of having settled in that Treaty this indisputable Right of her Majesty, Fraitcerefufed to acknowledge her for Queen of Great Britain after the Death of the late King William the Third, of glorious Memdry: Hex Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, and the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, do agree, and oblige themselves, likewise, not to enter into any Negotiation, or Treaty of Peace, with France, before the Title of her Majesty to the Crown of Great Britain, asalfotheRight of Succession of the most Serene House of Hanover to the said Crown, in the Manner it is settled and established by the above mentioned Acts of Parliament, be fully acknowledged by France, as a Preliminary; and that Fram e has promised, at the same time, to remove out of its Dominions the Person who pretends to be King of Great Britain: And that no Negotiation, or formal Discussion of the Articles of the said Treaty of Peace, shall be entered into, but jointly, and at the same time, with the said Queen, or with her Ministers.

XXI.

Her Britannick Majesty, and the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, shall ratify and confirm all that is contained in the present Treaty, within the Space of Four Weeks, to be reckoned from the Day of the Signing.

In Testimony whereof, the underwritten Amhaffador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of her Britannick Majesty, and the Deputies of the Lords the States General, have signed this present Treaty, and have affixed their Seals thereunto, at the Hague, the 29th of October in the Year 1709.

(L. S.) Townshend.

(L. S.)

(L. S.) F. B. Van Reedc,

(L. S.) A.

(L. S.)

(L. S.) H. Sminia,

(L. S.) E. V.

(L. i>.)

Translation

io An&. 2 90 JdHuarii. 5 3

Translation of the separate Article of the Treiity between her Majesty and the States General, for securing the Succession to the Crown of Great and for set-

t ling a Barrier for the States General, a gain ft France; concluded at the Hague, the 29th of October 1709.

: Separate Article.

AS in the preliminary Articles signed here, at the Hague, the 28th of May 1709, by the Plenipotentiaries of his Imperial Majesty, of her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, and of the Lords the States General of

the United Provinces, it 19 itipuluted, amongst other Things, That the Lords the States General shall have the entire Property and Sovereignty of the Upper Quarter of Guelder, according to the 52d Article of the Treaty of Munjisr, of the Year 1648; as also, that the GarrWous which are, or hereafter shall be, on the Part of the Lords the States General, in the Town of Hut/, the Citadel Of LiCgc, and in the Town of Bonne, shall remain there* till it shall be otherwise settled with his Imperial Majesty, and the Empire: And as the Barrier which has been this Day agreed to, in the principal Treaty for the mutual Guaranty between her British Majesty, and the Lords the States General, cannot give to the United Provinces the Security for which it is tftabfshed, unless it be well and closely formed, from one EikI to the other, and that the Communication thereof he well joined together; towards which the Upper Quarter of Guelder, and the Garrisons in the Citadel of Liege, Huy, and Bonne, are absolutely necess'ary; Experience having Thrice shewn, that France, Laving a Design to attack the United Provinces, has made Use of the Places above mentioned, in order to come at them, and to penetrate into the said Provinces:

That farther, in respect to the Equivalent for which the Tipper Quarter of Guelder is to be yielded to the United -Provinces, according to the 52d Article of the Treaty oUMiniJterabove mentioned, his Majesty King Charles-Vhc Tlii/d will be' much more gratified, and receive ^greater Advantages, in other Places, than that Equivalent can amount to: Wherefore, that the Lords the States General may have the entire Property and' Sovereignty of the Upper Quarter of j and that

the said Upper Quarter of Guelder may be yielded, in this manner, to the said Lords the States General, in the Convention, or Treaty, that they are to make with his Majesty Ring Charles the Third, according to the Thirteenth Article of the Treaty concluded this Day; as also, that their Garrisons in ihe Citadel of Liege, in that of Huy, and in Bonne, may remain there, until it be otherwise settled with his Imperial Majesty and the Empire; her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain engages and promises, by this separate Article, which shall have the same Force as if it was inserted in the principal Treaty, to make the same Efforts for this, as the has engaged to make for procuring to them the Barrier in trie Spanish Low Countries: In Testimony whereof, the underwritten Atnbaffador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary other British Majesty, and De puties *>tthe Lords the States General, have signed the present separate Article, and have affixed their Seals thereunto, at the Hague, the 29s li of October 1709.

(L. S.) T

(L. S,) Welderen,

(L. S.) F. B. Van (L. S.) A.

(L. S.) G.

(L. S.) II.

(L. S)V.

(L. S IV.

Translation of the Second separate Article of the Treaty between her Majesty and the States General, for securing the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain-, and for fV'tiling a Barrier for the States General. against/Va«cr; concluded at the Hague, the 29th of October 1709.

Second separate Article.

WHEREAS the Lords the States General have rcprcl’euted, That, in Flanders, the Limits between Spanjh Flanders and that of the States are settled in' Vol. 17.

such manner, as that the Land belonging to the States ®amer , is extremely streightened; so that in some Places the 1

Territory of Spanish Flanders reaches to the Fortifications, and under the Cannon, of the Places, Towns, and Forts, of the States; which occasions many Inconve-nigneies; whereof an Example has been seen, a little before the Beginning of the present War, when a Fort was going to be built under the Cannon of the Sas de Gaud, on Pretence that it was upon the Territory of Spain: And as; for avoiding these and otherlnconve-niences, it is necessary that the Land of the States, on the Confines of Flanders, should be enlarged; and that thereby the Places, Towns, and Forts, should be better covered: Her Britannick Majesty, entering into the just Motives of the said Lords the States General, in this respect, promises and engages, by this separate Article, that, in the Convention the said Lords the States General are to make with his Majesty King Charles the Third, flie will assist them in having it agreed, that by yielding to the said Lords the States General the Property of an Extent of Land, necessary to obviate such like and other Inconveniences, their Limits in Flanders may be enlarged more conveniently for their Security; and those of the Spanish Flanders removed farther from their Towns, Places, and Forts; to the end that the same may not be so exposed for the future: I11 Testimony whereof, the underwritten Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of her British Majesty, and Deputies of the Lords the States General, have signed the present separate Articles, and have affixed their Seals thereunto, at the Hague, the 29th of October 1709.

(L. S.) Toicnshend.

(L. S.) F. B. Van Reede,

(L. S.) A.

(L. S.) G.

(L. S.) II.

(L. S.) J. V. Itterfum.

Ordered, That the said Copies of Treaties and Tranf-lations do lie upon the Table; to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of several Hackney Chairmen, on behalf Licensing of themselves, and the rest of the iinlicensed Hackney Hackney Chairmen usually employed within the Cities of London Chjirs-and Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That by the late Settlement, there being only Two hundred Hackney Chairs licensed by Act of Parliament, the Petitioners are excluded their usual Work, whilst many of those who have obtained Licenses have loft off, or do not work themselves; but have either fold or let out their Licenses to Hire: *That the Petitioners, to their great Impoverishment, are forced out of their hard Labour to pay for the Hire thereof; and all of them cannot that way be supplied with a sufficient Number of such Licenses I That, by this means, the Petitioners Families, of some of them, are likely to be chargeable to their respective Parifltes: And praying a further Augmentation of the present Number of licensed Hackney Chairmen, or such other Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty: And that they he empowered to consider of the Ad, passed the last Session of Parliament., for licensing arid regulating Hackney Coadhes and Chairs; and for charging certain new Duties on ilamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, arid other Duties, for the Purposes therein mentioned; so far as the same relates to Hackney Chairmen.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Scotch resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoofe, Episcopal upon the Bill to prevent the disturbing those of the Communion. Episcopal Communion in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the Exercise of their religious Worship, and in the Use of the Liturgy of the Church of

P " ,

'Dr. Gooch thanked.

Afliie of Fewel,

54 -31° JanuariL A. 1711.

England, and for repealing the A ft, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act against irregular Raptisms and Marriages;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they receive a Clause to oblige all Persons who thall take the Benefit of this Act, to pray for her Majesty, the Princess Sophia, and the rest of the Royal Family: And that all other Preachers and Teachers in Scotland be obliged to do the fame.

A Petit ion of William Carfa Principal of the College of Edinburgh, Thomas , Professor of Divinity at Aberdeen, Robert Bai, Minister of Inverness,

was offered to the House, relating to the said Bill:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the Committee, That they receive a Clause to oblige all Persons in Scotland, who have any Office, Civil or Military, or any Salary, or Place of Employment of Profit, under the Crown, to attend divine Service, according to the Law of Scotland; and to restrain them from going to Episcopal Meetings;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being acquainted. That there was a Difference in the Committee, who should take the Chair of the Committee;

Ordered, That Sir Simeon Stuart do take the Chair of the Committee.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Simeon Stuart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refnmed the Chair.

Sir Simeon Stuart reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 31* dieJanuarii;

Anno to* Annie Regime, 1711.

PnAf HRS.

/ORDERED, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Gooch, for the Sermon by him preached before this House, Yesterduy, at St. Westminster; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. Cotton, Mr. Wand Mr. , do acquaint him therewith.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining and altering the Laws now in being concerning the Assizes of Fewel, so far as they relate to the Assize of Billet made of Beech-wood only, was read the Third time.

Aud an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. L. # to leave out " nor," and insert or:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for explaining and altering the Laws now in being concerning the Assizes of Fewel, so far as they relate to the Assize of Billet made of Beech-wood only.

Ordered, That Sir Wm.Whitcloike do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

20

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee!.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Mow, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Expiring Lambert, Mr. Hyde, Mr. Bingham, Mr. Halford, Mr. Laws Duncomb, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Burslem, Lord Down,

Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Lowther, be added to the Committee

appointed to examine what Laws are expired, or expiring; and what are fit to be revived and continued.

Mr. Bracebridge presented to the House a Bill for Faffing the more easy paling Sheriffs Accounts: And the same Sheriffs was received; and read the First time. Accounts.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Whitehaven Term for the Payment of certain Duties granted in and Harbour, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for preferring and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for charging and continuing the sPy Bill; Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Malt Duties. Service of the Year 171a, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be. An Act for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1712; and for applying Part of the Coinage Duties lo pay the Deficiency of the Value of Plate coined; and to pay for the re-coining the old Money in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

4

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine Scotch Union the general Abbreviate of the Demands upon, and Pay- Equivalent, orients made out of, the Equivalent, to the Third of August 1711; and the State of the Calli of the Equivalent, to the Third of August 1711; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lockha» Mr. Langham, Mr. Murray, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Freman, Mr.

Sir Cha. Hedges, Sir Gilb. Elliott, Mr. , Lord

Lyon, Mr. Lutwich, Mr. Bayly, Mr. Cross, Mr. Ward,

"Mr. Lowndes, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Wilson, Mr. yers, Colonel Grahme, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Cotton, Mr.

Oglethorp, Sir David Ramsey, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Thomas Johnson, Sir Patrick Johns Mr. Smith, Sir Arthur Key, Dr. Hutton, Colonel King, Sir Robert Dovers, Dr. Oliphant, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Sir John Cotton, General Rojfe, Sir Simeon Stuart, Sir

Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Campion, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Black-

more, Mr. Eversfield, Doctor Pajke, Mr. Bilson; and all

the Members that serve for North Britain: And they'

are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the

Speaker’s Chambers: And they have Power to fend

for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to fit de die in

diem: And all that come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Taxes do lay Pake’s DeU before this House an Account of the Abilities and Cir- to the Crown, cumstances of Mr. Joseph Pake, One of the Sureties for Samuel Pacey, late Receiver General for the County of

Suffolk.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Army Con-her Majesty, That flie will be pleased to give Directions, ting nci«, That an Account may be laid before this House of all *c* the Money that has been paid by her Majesty, for Contingencies, Bread, and Bread Waggons, Forage, and all other Extraordmaries, both for the English and Foreign Troops, in Flanders, Savoy, Italy, Piedmont,

Spain, and Portugal, since the Year 1705, distinguishing the Charge of each Year; as also the Charge of all

Storey

ioAnn. 316 januarii. — i 5$

fc

b

Treaties for augmenting War Proportions.

causew&y over the Denes at Yarmouth*

Stores, Corn, and other Provisions, furnidled for the Army; the Expence of which has not been deducted from the Pay of the said Troops respectively.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majestf’smost honourable Privy Council.

ResolvedThat an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That die will be pleased to give Directions, That all the Treaties and Agreements be laid before this House, that have been entered into between her Majesty and her Allies, during the present War, for the railing and augmenting the Proportions for the Service of the W ar, except such as have been already laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebar and Mr. Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to make a causeway over the from Great Yarmouth to Caister, in the County of Norfolk, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Bangham have Leave to go

into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Absent*. Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term for the Pay- Whitehaven ment of certain Duties granted in and by an Act of Harbour. Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, was, according to Order, read the Third time.

An ingrolTcd Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That the Duties granted shall cease when the Works are finished:

And the same was Twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

Then the Clause was read the Third time; and agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be. An Act for enlarging the Term for the Payment of certain Duties granted in and by an Act of Parliament, paired in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

1

Cull of the House.

Crown

Leaics-

State of the

War.

Stanmort

Roods*

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to give farther Time for inrolling such Leases, granted from the Crowu, as have not been inrolled within the respective Times therein limited.

The Orders of the Day being read, for the Hoilfe to refob c itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the State of the War;

Ordered, That the States of the War, which have been laid before this House, be referred to the Coufi-deration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed, That there was a Difference in the Committee, who should take the Chair of the Committee;

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do take the Chair of the Committee.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the State of the War.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

V inerts, i° die Februarii;

Anno 10* Annas Reginae, 1711.

P r a v r.a s.

MR. Bertie presented to the House, according to the Order, a Bill for repairing the Highway between a certain Place called Five Mile Stone, and the Town of Stanmore Magna, in the County of And

the same was received; and read the First time.

Vol. 17.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meller and

Mr. Browning i Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Repealing to repeal the Act, of the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s General Na-Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing foreign Pro- ^izatio11 testants; except what relates to the Children of her Majesty’s natural-born Subjects born out of her Majesty’s Allegiance; with some Amendments: To which' the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Amendments were Twice read; and, Dituu upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

In the Bill, 27 L. Leave out "shall

28. After " been," insert " or shall be;" and in the same Line, after " naturalized," insert at " any time before the Fourth Day of February which " shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven " hundred and Eleven."

Ordered, That Mr. Finch do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That the House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Camelford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ,

electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Camelford, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Bernard Granvill Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Lieutenant Governor of Hull.

A Petition of divers Merchants of London, Traders African to Africa, and thence to the Plantations, in behalf of Trade;

themselves, and many others concerned in the said

Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trade to Africa is under great Discouragements by the Company’s not paying their Debts, carrying on the Trade, nor supporting their Settlements, nor supporting the Petitioners, and other separate Traders: That the Act for settling the Trade to Africa is near expiring: And praying the Consideration of the House upon the State of the said Trade.

Resolved, That this House will, Upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

A Petition of the Planters, and other Inhabitants of Ditto.-the Island of Barbadoes, was presented to the House,

and

Recruiting Land Forces.

Douglas's Claims on Equivalent.

Deficiency of Annuity JEuQd.

Supply.

Expiring

Laws.

Faffing

.Sherifls

Acrounls.

g6 i° — ^2° Februarii. 17 i i.

and read; setting forth, That the Commodities of that Island are produced by Labour of the Negroes brought from Africa, and rife or fall according to the Supply of Negroes: That a free and open Trade to Africa will be the bell Means to bring Negroes to the said Island in greatest Plenty; And praying the said Trade may remain free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Bill for recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1712, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refulved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolveitself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir FVilliani Douglas, Lieutenant General of her Majesty’s Forces, is referred, have Power to lend for Persons. Papers, and Records,

Bulled, Mr. Finch, Mr. Ward, Sir Robert Eden, Mr.

Perrier, Mr. England, Mr. Shackerly, Sir Robert Dai'ers, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Sir Gilbert

Dolben, Mr. Smithson, Mr. AIunden. Dr. Oliphant, Mr.

Duncomb, Mr. Milton, Colonel Drake, Lord Finch,

Mr. Wylde, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Brijftmo, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Medlycoft, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Fills, Mr. Aid-

xcorth. Sir John Colton, Sir John Mr.

thurst, Mr. Pliimplree, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr.

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Lang ham, Mr. BaM I)r. Pa/ke, Mr. Bayly, Mr. Ori/low, Mr Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Low!her. Captain Chapman, Sir Geo.

Nezvland, Captain Dyott, Mr. Berners, Mr. Bridges,

Mr. Bene, Lord Cajllecomber, Mr. Manley, and all the Members of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Attorney General, pursuant to the Order of the prosecution« 28th of Januarylafl, pretented to the House an Account by Addrel*

of what has been done upon the several Prosecutions, ot ,last for which this House humbly address’ed her Majesty the last Session of Parliament.

And the Account was read; and is as followethviz.

A Petition of several Persons, on behalfof themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners and others, in 1708, paid into her Majesty’s Exchequer £.1,280,000 for the Purchase of Annuities of £.80,000 per Annum, for 99 Years, payable quarterly, from the 24th of June 170.8, upon Encouragement of an Act of Parliament for continuing One Half of the Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, and other Duties upon Wine, and other Merchandizes imported, granted to the Crown, in the 12th Year of Ring Charles the lid; and for settling a Fund for Payment of Annuities, not exceeding £ 80,000 per Annum, to be sold, for raising a farther Supply to her Majesty, for the Year 1708: That the said Half Subsidies are, by former Acts, appropriated to otherUfes, until the lftof August 1712: That Provision was made in the said Act for the said quarterly Payments, till the 29th September 1711, out of the Monies anting by Sale of the said Annuities; but no Provision is made for the quarterly Payments already due, and to grow due before the said Half Subsidies are applicable to the said Annuities: And praying, That Provision may be made for those quarterly Payments which are unprovided for by the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley, Mr. Gulflon, Mr. Phelips, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Ash, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. IJard-refs, Mr. Carter, Mr. Laufon, be added to the Committee appointed to examine what Laws are expired or expiring; and what are fit to be revived and continued.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 2° die Februarii;

Anno to* Annac Regina?, 1711.

Prayers.

AB1 L L for the more easy passing Sherifls Accounts was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brace-bridge, Mr. Masters, Sir IVm. Sir Nic. Morice,

Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Sheppeard, Mr. Peyton, Mi'.

An Account of what has been done upon the feve al Prosecutions, for which the Honourable the House of Commons humbly addressed her Majesty the last Session of Parliament.

Bewdley Charter.

Pursuant to her Majesty’s Commands, on the Address of this honourable House of the 19th of December, 1710; whereby the Vote of this honourable House, of that Day, declaring, That the Charter, dated the 20th of April 1710, attempted to be imposed upon the Borough of Bezvdley, against the Consent of the ancient Corporation, is void, illegal, and destructive of the C’onftitu-tion of Parliament, was laid before her Majesty; and her Majesty was desired to give Directions to the Attorney General, to take the proper Methods for repealing the said Charter, and for quieting the said Borough in the Enjoyment of their Rights and Privileges; a Scire Facias hath been itTued out of the Court of Chancery against the Bailiff and Burgesses of Bewdley, to repeal that Charter; and the Corporation hath pleaded thereto; and a Demurrer is put in to that Plea; but the Defendants have obtained Leave to ameud their Plea, but not to delay the Proceedings.

Borough of

Pursuant to her Majesty’s Commands, on the Address of this honourable House of the 3d of February 1710; whereby the Votes of this House, of that Day, declaring, That Joseph Whitehomc, who was elected Mayor of that Borough on the 10th of December 1709, and had not duly qualified himself for that Office, according to Law, by taking the Sacrament, of the Lord’s Supper, according to the Rites of the Church of England, within One Year next before his Election, was not legal-Mayor of that Borough; and that the Alderman and Burgetfes, elected during his pretended Mayoralty, have not a Right to vote in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for that Borough; was laid before her Majesty; and her Majesty was desired to give Directions to the Attorney General, to take the proper Methods for quieting and settling the said Borough in the Enjoyment of their ancient Rights and Privileges; Informations in the Nature o I" QuoIVarrantos, have been filed in her Majesty’s Court of Queen’s Bench, against the said Joseph Whitchorne-, and against Thomas Ridge,

Henry Seager, Henry Stainford, and James White, pretended Aldermen; who were elected during the pretended Mayoralty of the said Whitchorne; to which they have severally pleaded; and Verdicts were given against them the last Assizes for the County of Southampton-, and several Object ions being then made, touching the Evidence then given, the same is now under the Consideration of the Court of Queen’s Bench.

Brewers.

Pursuant toiler Majesty’s Commands, on the Address of th is honourable House, the 15th of February 1710,

defiling

v

jo Ann.

2° Febtudrii

51

desiring her Majesty to give Directions to the Attorney General to prosecute Thomas Ridge Esquire, for that he, having contracted to furnish 5,513 Tun of Beer on his own Account, and 2,704 in Partnership with Mr. had received the Bills for the whole, although he delivered but 3,213 Tun on the First, and but 1,269 upon the latter Contract:

And also, on the Address of this honourable House, the 27th of February, 1710, desiring her Majesty to give like Directions to prosecute Mr. Dixon, Mr. Player, Mr. Rolfe, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Tyhand Mr. , Brewers, for the like Frauds and Abuses: Informations

have been filed in her Majesty’s Court of Exchequer against the said Thom as Ridge, James Dixon, Joan Player,

Executrix of the said Henry , deceased, John hurst, Thomas Best, John Rolfe, and Jeremy , for re-

covering to her Majesty the several sums so received by them for Drink, which was not delivered to her Majesty’s Use; and they were severally served with Process there on; and Thomas Ridge, James Dixon, Joan Player, and Jeremy Kelly, have severally applied, by Petition, to the Right honourable the Lord High Treasurer, and thereby offered to make Satisfaction to her Majesty.

The said John Tyhurst, hath put in his Answer, and confesscs he hath received Bills for several Quantities of Beer that were not delivered, amounting to above £.1,400; and fays, that he hath had Bills in Trust for Janies Feme, deceased, for other Drink, which he believes was not delivered; and his Executor is added a Defendant thereon, and served with Process to answer.

The said Thomas Best hath also answered, and cou-fesses, That he has received Bills for several Quantities of Beer, that were not delivered, amounting to above £.1,400; and that heh as received a Bill for£. 551. gr. for himself, and Mawdijley Best his Son, for other Quanti-. ties of Drink; and the said Bejl is added a

Defendant thereon, and served with Process to answer.

The fcxdJohn Roife hath put in an insufficient Answer; to which Exceptions are taken, and set down to be argued; and the Proceedings will be carried on with the utmost Dispatch the Rules of that Court will admit of.

Edward Northey, February 2d,

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

Publick Colonel Gralime, according to Order, presented to the

Accounts. House a Bill to coutinue the Act of the last Session of Parliament, for taking, examining, and dating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, lor One Year longer: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Content Mr. Cartwright, according to Order, presented to the Gaily. House a Bill to make free the Content , a running Ship, taken from the French, and condemned as Prize: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Tublick Ordered, That the Report of the Commissioners for Accounts, taking, examining and dating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, be taken into further consideration upon this Day Seven night.

Scotch The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

Lpifcopal Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Communion, the Bill to prevent the disturbing those of the Kpifcopal Communion in that Part of G called Scotland,

in the Exercise of their religiousWorship, and in the Use of the Liturgy of the Church of England; and for repealing the Act, passed in the Pai l lament of Scotland, intituled, An Act against irregular Baptisms and Marriages. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ward, reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-' Vol. 17.

ments thereto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary St. John reported to the House, That Answer to their Address, of the 31st of January last, in relation to Addreflc* Contingencies, and other Extraordinaries, for the English and Foreign Troops, since the Year 1705; and in relation to the Charge of the Forces, and other Provision, not deducted from the Pay of the Troops; had been presented to her Majesty; and that her Majesty had given Orders for preparing such Accounts to bje laid before this House:

.. And also, that their Address, of the 28th of January last, in relation to the Thirty-five millions Three hundred and Two thousand Onelmndred and Seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence, of the Monies granted by Parliament, and issued for the Publick Service to Chrjlmas 1710, bad been presented to her Majesty; and that her Majesty bad given Directionalpursuant to the said Address.

Mr. Secretary <&. John presented to the House, pur- Treaty of suant to their Address to her Majesty, of the 31st of 1689» 4iC‘ January last, and by her Majesty’s Command, a Copy of the Treaty of Concert for the Fleets of England, concluded at Whitehall, the 29th of April 1689; and

Translation thereof; And also,

A Cony of the Treaty of Renewal of Treaties between England and Holland, concluded at Westminster the 9th Day of June 1703; and a Translation thereof:

And acquainted the House, That they are all the Treaties relating to the Proportions for Sea or Land Service which are not before the House.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the Trauflations of the said Treaties are as follow; viz.

The King and Queen of Great having been

required, for above Two Months, by Messieurs the States General of the United Provine the Low Countries, to execute immediately the Treaty of the Third of March iGy-J-.made between the late King the

lid, and the said Lords the States General, by reason the same has now happened, That the most Christian King has declared War against them; their said Majesties, being willing to fliewpublickly the Sincerity and Affection which they have always had, and shall always have, for the said Lords the States General, have not onlythought it just to execute the said Treaty, according to its Tenor, but also to give them greater Marks of their cordial Friendship; and, to come so much the sooner to a good Peace, they have judged it proper to augment with a greater Number of Ships the Succours stipulated by the said Treaty: For this Purpose, and the better to agree in wlmt Manner they are to act at Sea, their said Majesties, and the said Lords the States General, have named Commissioners; to wit, on the Part of their Majesties, Daniel Earl of Nottingham, One of their Majesties Principal Secretaries of State, and One of their Privy Council; John Earl of Carbery, in Ireland, and Baron Vaughan in England, One of the Commissioners of the Admiralty; Am thurHerbert, Esquire, First Commissioner of the Admiralty, and one of their Majesties Privy Council; and Edward Rtf ill, Esquire, Treasurer of their Majesties Navy, and One of their Privy Council; and on the Parts of the said Lords the States General, the Sieurs Nicholas WitfenBurgermaster, Counsellor and Treasurer,

of the City of Amsterdam; William de Nassau, Baron of Cortegnc, Lord of Odick, Seyft, Diyberge, and Blicken-burg, Principal, and representing the Nobility in the Council, and in the Assembly of the States of Zeeland; and Everhard de Weede, Lord 6f Weede,

Ratclis, Lord Proprietor of the Town of Prelideut of the All’embly of the States of the Province

Q of

d° Febru

A. 1711 4

Treaty of of Utrecht, anti Deputy in the Assembly of the States 1689* &c. General. Which Commissioners and Deputies, after many Conferences, have settled, promised and adjusted, in the Name of their Majesties, and of the said Lords the States General, respectively, the following Articles;

1

That their Majesties shall put to Sea Fifty large Ships Of War} viz. One of the Second Rate, Seventeen of the

Third, and Two-and-thirty of the Fourth Rate; with Fifteen Frigates, and Eight Fire Ships; which Ships, Frigates and FireShips, shall have, together. Seventeen thousand Five hundred and Five effective Men for their Complement.

ir.

That the Lords the States General shall put to Sea, on their Side, Thirty large Ships of War; to wit, Eight which shall carry from Seventy to Eighty Guns, Seven Which shall carry from Sixty to Seventy Guns, and Fifteen from Fifty to Sixty Guns; besides which, the said Lords the States General shall also furnish Nine Frigates, and Four Fire Ships; which Ships, Frigates, and Fire Ships, shall have, together, for their Complement, Ten thousand Five hundred Seventy-two effective Men.

HI.

That their Majesties Fleet, and that of the said Lords the States General, shall put to Sea, and join together in such Place as shall he appointed by the King of Great Britain, as foou as possible.

IV.

That the Two Fleets of their Majesties, and the said Lords the States General, shall be divided into Three Squadrons; the Firstof which shall be com po fed of Fifty-great Ships, Six Frigates, and Eight FireShips, and shall be employed in the Mediteea; the Second shall be composed of Thirty great Ships, Eight Frigates, and Four Fire Ships, and shall be employed in the Sea, and in the Channel, unless it be otherwise regulated by the Consent of the Two Parties; and the Third, of Ten Frigates, which shall be employed from the Channel of Calais and Dover to Yarmouth, upon the Coast of England, and the Hie of IValcr upon the Coast of Zeland and the Two lad Squadrons shall mutually assist one another whenever any Occassion may require it.

V

Each of the said Squadrons shall be composed, Part of their Majesties Ships, and Part of those of the said I-ords the States General, in such proportion as may answer to the Number of Ships in each Fleet.

VI.

The First Squadron shall be abundantly furnished with all Sorts of Provisions, as well of Victuals, as for War, and the Sea Service, for One whole Year; and the Remains of what each Ship shall not be able to carry shall be put into Port Mahon, in the Isle of , or in

Port Ferraro, in that of Elba, or in such other Place as

the Admiral, with the Council of War, shall think the most proper: And the King of Spain, and the Great Duke of Tuscany, and the Republick of Genoua, fhn\[ be

required, on the Part of their Majesties, and that of the States General, to receive favourably in their Ports the Ships of the (hid Squadron, and give them all manner of good Reception: and the Two other Squadrons shall be also provided with Victuals, and other Necessaries, for One entire Year, or such time as shall be thought convenient for their doing most Service.

VII.

It has been agreed. That each of the said Squadrons shall be commanded, during this War, by the Admiral, or by the Officer commanding in Chief their Majesties Squadron.: which shall be observed also by the Detachments of each Squadron.

VIII.

The Council of War shall be composed of all the Flag Officers on each Side, and in equal Number; but, u-hen the Voices shall be equally divided, all the Captains of Ships of both Fleets or Squadrons shall be joined with them: of ail which laid Councils of War the Admiral, or

Commander in Chief, of the English Fleet or Squadron, shall be the PreGdent, and shall lit with the principal Officers and Captainsof their Majesties, each aCCording’to his Rank, oil the Right Side of the Table; and tike Admiral, or Commander in Chief, of the Fleet or Squadrott of the States General, shall fit with the principal Officers and Captains of the said States General, on the other Side of the Table, over-against those of their Majesties: And all the Affairs, of any Kind whatsoever, which lliafl be debated in the aforesaid Councils of War, or which shall be proposed therein, shall be determined by the Plura* lity of Voices; and atl that shall be so ordered, or resolved, shall be punctually executed, and without any Delay, in such manner as shall be directed.

1X1

When there shall beany Affair, or Can fe, which shall concern only the Officers, Soldiers, Seamen, or other Persons, who shall be in their Majesties Service, the said Affair, or Cause, shall be always judged and determined inaCouncil of War, which shall be composed of the Officers of their Majesties only; and likewise, when there shall be an Affair, or Cause, which shall concern only the Officers, Soldiers, Seamen, or other Persons, who shall be in the Service of the said Lord the States General, the said Affair, or Cause, shall be always judged or determined inaCouncil of War, which shall be composed of the Officers of the said Lords the States General.

X.

But if the Affair, or Cause, concerns the Officers, Soldiers, Seamen, or other Persons, of whatever Quality or Rank they are, who shall be in the Service of their Majesties, and of the said Lords the States General, or who shall be in any manner interested therein, one against another; in that Cafe, a Council of War, composed of the Officers of the Two Fleets, according to the Form prescribed in the 8th Article, shall take Cognizance of the whole Affair, that they may only judge and determine, what Party, or what Person, may be guilty, or ought to be punished; which Judgment having been passed the Council of War, composed of the Officers of their Majesties, if the Criminal is in their Service, or of those of the said Lords the States General, if the Criminal is in their Service, will cause him to be punished according to the Laws, Customs, and Instructiona, established or observed in such Cases by the Fleet which the Criminal shall belong to.

XI.

All the Prizes shall be divided between their Majesties, and the said Lords the States General, in proportion to the Number of Ships in each Fleet; viz. of Eight equal Parts, their Majesties shall have Five Parts, and the said Lords the States General shall have Three; which shall be always observed, though the said Prizes shall have been made by the Ships of their Majesties, without the Assistance of those of the said Lords the States General; or by the Ships of the said Lords the States General, without the Assistance of those of their Majesties.

XU.

In the CafeofPrizes taken by Ships of War, they shall be judged by the Court of Admiralty to which the Ship that shall have made the Prize shall be subject, whether (he be English or Dutch; and the Produce thereof shall be divided according to the Tenor of the preceding Article; but the Portion which shall be delivered to the Admiralty which shall not pass the Sentence, shall not be charged with profitable Fees for the Officers on both Sides, but only with the necessary Expences.

XIII.

And if the Prizes are made jointly by the Ships of the Two Parties, they shall be adjudged by the Court of Admiralty to which the ships that carry the greatest Number of Guns, and took the Prize, do belong.

XIV.

That their Majesties shall give Orders, That in all the Instructions to the Captains of their Ships of War, appointed, or to be appointed, to convoy the Merchant Ships to any place; and also i'ucit as shall go from tune

to

Renewal of Treaty^ 1703.

10 Ann* i6 Februarii. 59

to time to the West Indies; an Article be inserted, enjoining them, very expressly, to protest, against the Insults or Attacks of any one whatsoever, the Merchant Ships belonging to the Subjects of the said Lords the States General, which shall steer the same Course as the said Ships of War, and desire to put themselves under their Protection: And that another Article shall be in* ferted therein, commanding also, very expressly, the said Captains, in case the Plantations, Colonies, or other Dominions whatsoever, which the said Lords the States General possess at present, or may possess hereafter, in the West Indies, want any Assistance to defend themselves against the Attacks or insults of their Enemies; that, as soon as they shall be required, they shall give all Help and Assistance for the Defence of the said Plantations, Colonies, or other Dominions, against all the Attacks or Insults aforesaid, as far as the State of the Plantations, Colonies, or other Dominions, of their Majesties, can afford it: And the said Lords the States General shall also direct, That in all the Instructions to the Captains of their Ships, appointed, or to be appointed, to convoy the Merchant Ships to any Place; and also such as shall go, from time to time, to the West Indies; like Articles be inserted, and very positive, as well in respect to the Protection which the said Captains shall give to the Merchant Ships belonging to the Subjects of their Majesties, as in reipeCl to the Succour and Assistance which they shall give for the Defence of the Plantations, Colonies, or other Dominions, which their Majesties possess at present, or which they may possess hereafter in the West Indies; all according to the Form and Manner above-mentioned.

XV.

This present Treaty shall be ratified by their Majesties, and the said Lords the States General; and the Ratifications shall be exchanged within the Space of Six Weeks; except a Treaty for an offensive and defensive Alliance between their Majesties, and the said Lords the States General, be concluded and signed before the Expiration of this Term, in which case, this present Treaty shall be comprehended and confirmed therein: In the mean time, the said Commissioners and Deputies have agreed, That all and singular the Articles of this Treaty shall not fail to be executed, punctually and faithfully, on each Side, in the same manner as if the Ratifications had been exchanged.

Done at Whitehall, the 20th of April 1680.

Nottingham, (L. S.) N. Wit/en,(L.S.)

Carbety, (L. S.) L. S.)

Ed. Russell, (L. S.) De Weede, (L. S.)

Whereas, since the Accession of the mostSerene Queen o (Great Britain to thelmperial Crown of these Realms, the High and Mighty Lords the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries have signified to her Majesty, by their Ambassadors Extraordinaries, the Desire they have to renew and confirm with the Queen the Treaties of Friendship, Alliance, and of Commerce, at present subsisting between the Crown of England, and the said Staties General, for the better maintaining and strengthening the present Friendship and good Correspondeuce between them, which is very agreeable to the Queen; and as her Majesty, and their High Mightinesse, have been obliged, as well by the unbounded Ambition of France, as by the very dangerous Union between that Kingdom and to enter into

a War, for hindering of the entire Ruin of the Liberty of Europe-, and as the said States General have declared,

That they are ready to enter into such Engagements with her Majesty, as shall be found necessary for the mutual Safety and Preservation of their Subjects, Countries, and States, and for reducing the most Christian King to a just and reasonable Peace; and the said States General having given Power to the Sienrs Frederick Baron of Reed, Lord of Lier, and William Van their Ambassadors Extraordinaries, to make and conclude such Treaties as shall be found necessary for the Ends above mentioned; and the Queen, being of the Vol. 17.

fame Opinion, and being willing to concur with them in so laudable a Design, has nominated, asCommissaries and Plenipotentiaries, on her Part, Sidney Lord Godot-phin. High Treasurer of England; Charles Duke of Somerset, President of the Privy Council; John Marquis of Normanby, Keeper of the Privy Seal; William Duke

of Devonjldre, Steward of her Household; Edward Earl of Jersey, Chamberlain of her Household; Thomas Earl of Pembroke and Montgo; Daniel Earl of Nottingham, her principal Secretary of State; Lawrence Earl of Rochester, her Lieutenant General and Governor of the Kingdom of Ireland; and Sir Charles Hedges Knight, her other Principal Secretary of State j the (kid Commissaries, and the said Ambassadors, after many Meetings and Conferences, have, by virtue of their respective Powers (Copies whereof are inserted at the End of these Presents), agreed, and concluded, what follows:

I.

That there shall be for the future, between the Queen of Great Britain, and her Successors, Kings or Queens of Great Britain, and their Kingdoms, on one Part, and the Lords the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, on the other: and their States, Lands, and Subjects, reciprocally.; a sincere, firm, and perpetual Friendship, and good Correfpoudence, as well by Sea as by Land, in all Places whatever, as well in as out of Europe.

II.

And for the better securing the said Friendship, and good Correspondence, and removing all the Difficulties which may arise between the Two Parties, on any Pretence whatever, it is resolved and agreed between the said Queen of Great Britain, and the said Lords the States General, That all the Treaties of Peace, Alliance, Confederacy, Commerce, and Marine, hereafter mentioned, be approved and confirmed on both Sides, with the Explanations hereunto joined; viz.

The Treaty of Peace and Alliance, concluded at Breda the 54 July 1667:

The Treaty of Navigation and Commerce, concluded at the same Time and Place:

The Treaty of Navigation and Commerce, concluded at the Hague, the T7T February 1668:

The Treaty of Peace and Friendship, concluded at Westminster, the T*T February 167!:

The Treaty Marine, concluded at London, the First of October 1674; with a Declaration, explaining several Articles of the said Treaty, and of the Treaty Marine, of the T7T February 166 }-, concluded at the Hague, the December 1675:

Article for preventing, or accommodating, the Differences which may arise between the English and Dutch East India Companies, concluded at London, March 167-5-:

The Defensive League, concluded at Westminster, the 3d of March 167-J-:

The Treaty of Concert, for the Fleets of England and Holland, concluded at Whitehall, the 29th:

The Treaty of Alliance, concluded at the Hague, the 1 ith of November 1701:

As the said Treaties, and all and every the Articles thereof, are eflfe&ually approved and confirmed by this present Treaty, and are to remain in their first Force and Vigour, as if they were inserted herein. Word for Word, as far as they do not contradict or derogate the one from the other, or from this present Treaty: in such manner, that the Points and Matters stipulated by a frefiier Treaty shall be fulfilled in the Sense which they shall be agreed therein, without having regard to a Treaty more ancient.

III.

There shall be between her Majesty and her Successors, and the said Lords the States General, and their Subjects and Inhabitants, reciprocally,a strict Alliance, and sincere Confederacy, for the Maintenance and Preservation of themselves, mutually, in the Tranquillity, Peace, Friendship, and Neutrality, as well by Sea as by

Land;

2° Februarii. - 171

Land; fend in the Possession of all the Rights, Franchises and Liberties, which they enjoy, or ought to enjoy, or which they have or Audi acquire, by Treaties of Peace, Friendthip, and Neutrality, which have been made heretofore, or shall hereafter be made, jointly, and in common Concert with other Kings, Republicks, Princes and Cities, all which, however, within the Compass of Eurooe ouly.

IV.

And they likewise promise and engage to guarantee, reciprocally, not only all the Treaties which her Majesty, or her Predecessors, and the said Lords the States General, have already made with other Kings, Republicks, Princes, and States, which shall be exhibited on both Sides before the Exchange of the Ratifications; but also, -all those which they may hereafter make, jointly, and in common Concert; and to defend, assist, and preserve themselves reciprocally, in the Possession of the Lands, Cities, and Places, which do at present, or shall hereafter, belong, as well to her Majesty, and her Successors, Kings or Queens of Great B, as to the said Lords the States General, by the said Treaties, in whatever Part the said Lands, Towns, or Places, may be situated; in case that, as to what is above-mentioned, her Majesty, and tl e fa d States General, happen to be dif-turbed or attacked in any hostile Manner, or by an open War, by whom, or under what Pretence whatsoever; in such case, they shall govern themselves on both Sides, according to what is stipulated in the above-mentioned Treaty, concluded the 3d of March 167-f:

It shall be taken likewise, pro casu , not only

if either of the Allies shall be attacked, but also, if any of the Neighbours of the Parties make Preparations to attack, or threaten, any one of the Allies, either by an extraordinary Levy of Troops, Armament at Sea, or otherwise, in whatsoever manner it may be; provided that one of the said Allies, by a just Apprehension, be obliged to arm himself.

V.

And as the said most Serene Queen of Great Britain, and the said Lords the States, are at present in War against France and Spain 5 and that the said Queen, and the said States General, are under a reciprocal Obligation to help one another, and to maintain and preserve, mutually, their Countries and Subjects in their Pofifefflons, Immunities, and Liberties, as well of Navigation as Commerce, and other Rights whatever, as well by Sea as by Land, against all Kings, Princes, and States, and particularly against France and Spain: In order to he better able to obtain a just and reasonable Peace, which may restore the Repose and Tranquillity of Europe, it is agreed between the said most Serene Queen of Great Britain, and the said Lords the States General, That no Suspension of Arms, Truce, or Peace shall be made by either of the said Allies, with France or nor with any other King, Prince, or State, by whom either of the said Allies may be disturbed or attacked, but jointly, and in common Concert.

VI.

common Concert; and fartlicr, what has been stipulated by the Treaty of the Year 1701, above-mentioned, shall be exactly observed for the future.

VII.

It is further concluded and agreed, That the entire Quota Part of Men of War, which ought to be furnished . by her Majesty, and the States General, by virtue of the said Treaty of Concert for the Fleets of England and Holland, concluded at Whitehall, the 29th April 16S9, shall be adjusted every Year; and the Rendezvous of the Fleet shall be fixed yearly before the First Day of

December for the Yearenfuing; as likewise the Stations which the Ships ought to keep respectively: And in case her said Majesty, and the States General, do not make such Agreement before the First Day of December in any Year ensuing, it is concluded and agreed by these Presents, That the said Treaty of Concert for the Fleets shall be exactly observed for the next Year, ex-.cept the 4th,5th, 6th, and 7th Articles; which Articles, after the said First Day of December, may be changed or explained, according to what her said Majesty, and the said States General, shall judge necessary.

VIII.

It is further agreed, That when the States General shall think fit to lay an Embargo on Ships, in order to the more speedy equipping their Men of War, it shall not be permitted to demand the Fifth Seaman, or Money instead thereof, from anyShips belonging to the Subjects of her Majesty: And when any Man of War,' of either Nation, shall take under her Convoy Ships belonging to the Subjects of the other Nation, it is under-flood and concluded, That there shall not any Gratification or Reward be demanded by the Captain, or other Oilicer, of such Convoy, for the Service which he shall have done.

The present Treaty shall be ratified and confirmed by the most Serene Queen of Great and tire

Lords the States General; and Letters of Ratification shall be delivered on both Sides, in good and due Form, within the Space of Six Weeks, or sooner, if possible, to be reckoned from the Day of the Signing: In Testimony whereof, the Commissioners of her Majesty, and the Ambassadors Extraordinary above-mentioned, by virtue of their respective Powers, have signed these Presents with their Hands, as usual, and thereto affixed the Seals of their Arms.

Done at Wcfimintlcr, the qth Day of June, 1703.

(L.S.) F. B. de It cede,

(L. S.) v.

(L. S.) Godolphin,

(L. S.) Pembroke,

(L. Buckingham,

(L. S.) Nottingham,

(L. S.) C.Hedges.

Ordered, That the said Copies of Treaties do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

It is further agreed between the said Queen of Great Britain, and the said Lords the States, That if, after the Peace shall have been made with France and jointly, and in common Concert, as it is before stipulated, and, after that, either Party shall be again attacked by Franceor Spain-, or if either of the Parties happen to be attacked by any other King, Prince, or State; in such Cases, the Treaty of Alliance and Guarantee above-mentioned, concluded the 3d of March 16 7J-, between the Crown of England, and the said Lords the States, which is likewise approved and confirmed by the present Treaty, shall then subsist in its full Extent, and he executed in all its Points and Articles, as if the same or the like Treaty had been made anew, and alter the Conclusion of the Peace with France and with this Variation only. That, the War happening according to the same mentioned in the Fourth Article of this Treaty, neither of the said Allies shall make any 'Suspension of Arms, Truce, or Peace, with France and Spain, nor any other Aggressbr, but jointly, and in 21

The House being informed. That one Mr. , from the Secretary at War, attended;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, an Estimate of her Majesty’s Forces to serve in Spain, Portugal, or elsewhere, as the Service may require; with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1712:

Army

Kftimates for Spain,&c-

And also.

An Estimate of the Twenty thousand Men, Troops Troops of of Augmentation, and of other additional Forces, liuee Augment*-taken into the Service of her Majesty, and the States lI0U‘ General; with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1712:

And also.

An Account, of her Majesty’s Proportion of Subsidies Proportion payable to the Allies, pursuant to the Treaties, for the 04 suUidir?-Year 1712.

And the Titles of the said Eftiinates and Account were read.

The said Estimatos are in the Two subsequent Sheets of Paper annexed.

And the said Account is as followeth:

Alt

io Ann.

2° Februarii.

61

An ACCOUNT of her Majesty’s Proportion of Subsidies payable to the Allies, pursuant to the Treaties,

for the Year 1712.

To the King of Denmark, in Bank Money at Ilambrough -

To the King of Portugal, for defraying her Majesty’s Porportion of the Charge of 13,000 Men, 666,666-fds Patacoons, at 4*. 6d.each -

To the Duke of Savoy, at the Rate of 53,333-f Crowns per Month To the Landgrave of HeJJe Cajfel ——

To the Elector of Treves - - - - -,

To the Elector Palatine - -

To the Landgrave of HeJJe, for her Majesty’s Quota, being 4-ds of his additional Subsidy of 100,000 Crowns per Annum, on account of the Two Regiments of Ilorfe of his Troops, which were in Italy ——

To the King of Prussia, for defraying her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charge of 8,000 Men, sent to the Assistance of the Duke of Savoy -

More to the King of Prussia, by virtue of the Treaties 1701 and 1706, on account of the 12,000 Men sent to serve in the Netherlands; viz.

For her Majesty’s Share of the Agio, or Difference of the Money current in the Empire, and the Rates the same Money is current Gl. St at in the Territories where his Troops are employed - 109,666 10

More, for her Majesty’s Share of Bread - - - . 153,097 16

More, for her Majesty’s Share of Forage - 1125,865 —

388,629 6

More, to enable her Majesty to satisfy her Share of the Pretenftons of the King of Prussia to a farther Allowance for the extraordinary Charge of recrtrrting the Body of his Troops in Italy, and that he may continue them in the Service there

Total - -

Crowns a Year. I i,0,000 £. S. da 37,500

600.000 640.000 25.000 25.000 20.000 150.000 — — 160.000 5>952 7 6 5 >952 7 6 4,761 18 6

66,6664 16,666 13 4

200,000 50,000 — —

- 37,012 7 6

46,666-j r II.11! ' 2 3

- - L 478,956 16 7

Lansdowne.

ESTIMAT E of the 20,000 Men, Troops of Augmentation, atrd of other additional Forces, since taken into the Service of her Majesty, and the States General; with the Charge thereof; For the Year 1712.

CBrigadier Hamilton's Regiment English Foot;

(Major General Wynn's

c , \Two Regiments of Dragoons Saxe Gotha - {T,0 He|i0)ents o( Foof

Munjler - - Three Regiments of Foot HeJJe CaJJ’el One Regiment of Foot

Osnaburg - - One Regiment of Foot OoJl Prize - - One Regiment of Foot

Liege -

fOne Regiment of Dragoons -vTwo Regiments of Foot (One Regiment of Foot more

NUMBERS.

876

876

876

876

I, Il6

1,766

892

1,708

581

L596

797

Palatines - - Four Regiments of Foot -

f Surplus of the Danes, Part of the 40,000 Men Danes - - - < transferred to the Establishment of the Troops of ( Augmentation ——

One Half for her Majesty -

Which Sum of 1,714,137 Gl. ioSt. at 10GI. 10 St. to the Pound Sterling, makes -

3>5°4

2,882

2,600

2,442

885

807

797

2>974

2,600

520

20,011

10,005

{ Bread Waggons for the 10,000 Men Extraordinaries? For Forage, Waggon Money, and Recruits, for the Foreigners,

5,000

1 u ----- ----- o /

( upon account ----- -- 9,260

Vol. 17.

Total of her Majesty’s Share of the Troops of Augmentation

R

Charge per Annum.

Gl. St.

667,037 10 —

578,98! 5 —

488,260 10

352*754 122,621 15 110,626 18 113,405 10

497.5r3 5 — 322,321 5 —

i74,752 17

3,428,275 ——

1,714,137 10 —

£. s. d. 163,251 3 6

14,260 — —

I77>511 3 6

Other

62

2° Februarii.

Palatines Saxons -Bothmar

Other additional Forces.

( Her Majesty’s Share, being -fds of the Charge of (. 3,000 Palatines ——

r Her Majesty’s Share, being a Moiety of the j Charge of 4,639 Saxons, confiding of One Regiment of Horse, two of Dragoons, and Four of Foot -( Her Majesty’s Share, being a Moiety of the I Charge of a Regiment of Dragoons of 800 Men -

numbers.

f For Bread Waggons for the said,719 Men - - 2,360

Extraordinaries j For Forage, Waggon-money, and Recruits, for them, pursu-

l ant to the Treaties, upon account - 5,29°

Total for the additional Forces A further Augmentation.

Prussians Saxons -Traces -

Prussians -

{Saxons, additional Men and Troops -(Two Battalions more of Saxons -A Battalion of Treves -

6,205

4.045

1.508

701

io,459

C

(For Bread Waggons for the said 10,459 Men - 5»300 — —

For Agio, Bread, Forage, Waggon-money, and Recruits, pursuant to the Treaties, upon account - - 31,047 12 4

Total for these Troops

A Battalion the Prince Otlinghen -

Another Battalion to fenre in Germany, or the Countries, as her Majesty’s Service shall re-For their Pay and Extraordinaries, pursu the Treaty, upon account

he-)

re- f

-J‘ '

660

A. 1711.

Charge per Annum.

£ s‘ 34.251 *3

43.-5* 12 6 9,269 16 6

86,773 t 7

7,650 — — 94,423 2 4

130,223 1 11

36,347 12 4

166,570 14 3

12,000 — —

ABSTRACT of the foregoing ESTIMATE.

Troops of Aug- f ift 20,000 Men, Troops of Augmentation mentation in the!Other additional Forces ..... Lotc Countries-,\\eti A further Augmentation Majesty’s Share (The Battalion of the Prince of Ottmghen

Total for the Troops of Augmentation

NUMBERS. Charge per Annum.

10,005 £. s. A. *77.5*1 3 6

- - 4,7*9 94,423 2 4

- - 10,459 166,570 14 3

m m m 660 12,000 — —

- m 25,843 45°»5°5 —

ESTIMATE

io Ann.

fl° Februarii.

6$

E ST I MATE of her Majesty’s Forces, to serve in Spain, Portugal, or elsewhere, as the Service rriay Require; with the Charge thereof; for the Year 1712.

<s

Dragoons

c

..Foot -

- - s

In Gibraltar -

Brigadier LepelFs

Royal Fufiliers -

Major General L- -

Major General W

Major General Elliott's - -

Major General Rook’s -

Sir Robert Rich's -

Lord Mark Kerr's -Colonel Du Boiirgay's Colonel Molesworth's

Colonel Wm. Stanhope's Late Colonel Edward Stanhope's Brigadier Price's Lord Slane's -Earl of Barrymore's -Lieutenant General Farrington's Colonel Butter's -

'Dragoons

sp,

Cl (

Foot - - - f

In Great Britain re- I

fColonel Bouchetier’s -

I Senr Ant. de Tavora's I Don Louis de Gamia’s S Don Diego de Norhamia's -Colonel Withers's Marquis d' Affa's

Major General Pearce's Major General Newton's -Lieutenant General Sankey's Colonel Edioard Jones's Colonel Vezeys / Brigadier Hill's

' Colonel Defaulnais's -Colonel Windress's . -Colonel Clayton's Colonel Kane's

cruiting, lately returned C from Canada - - - I

In North Britain kaving been reduced to / complete the l ive Regi- > Colonel Grant's meets above, when they W embarked -

NUMBERS-

845

876

845

834

725

834

845

845

834

845

845

725

725

876

876

834

554

323

323

323

323

323

725

725

725

725

876

876

876

938

876

876

725

Carried forward

589

13,209

2,169

8,943

Charge per Annum.

£ * d-20,652 t8 4-

2S3»292 «5 *d

8 x,495 7 6

I59>727 — to

24.910

495,168 2 6

ESTIMATE of her Majesty’s Forcestaken Prisoners at Brihuega, in; with the Charge thereof,

for the Year 1712, according to their last Establishment.

Horse

Dragoons

Foot

- Lieutenant General Harney's Regiment

{Royal Regiment -

Major General Pepper's -Lieutenant General Stanhope's -

j Colonel Harrison's - -

Brigadier Wade's -J Colonel Dormers -

Brigadier Bowles’s - -

Colonel Munden's Brigadier Gore’s -Colonel Dalzell’s -

'Memorandum: These Regiments are demanded for, according to their last Establishment; the greatest Part whereof is applicable to the Pay of the Prisoners effective in Spain; the Remainder will be reserved as a Fund for recruiting those Regiments again, as her Majesty’s Service shall happen to require, or otherwise the belt Saving will be made to the Public.

Brought over - - -Total -

NUMBERS.

418

589 589 5S9 L767

845 845 845 845 845 845 845

5.915

8,100

24,91°

- 33»010 r

Charge per Annum.

£. s. d. 23,107 IO IO

61,958 15 —

»03.754 5 to

188,820 11 8

495,168 2 6

683,988 14

VOL. 17.

General

Goo;

«4

2°

General Officers, Jt c.for Spain and Portugal.

A. 171

i General and Staff Officers in Spain -Contingencies for the Army and Hospitals forage for the Forces, Waggon and Baggage,) Money for the Officers - - - - 3

Garrisons of Gibraltar and Port Mahon

General and ^General and Staff Officers in Portugal -Staff Officers, ^Contingencies for the Army and Hospitals Sic. in Portugal, ^forage and Waggon Money, on Account

Memorandum ' The Charge of the General Officers, and Contingencies, Sc. is here calculated as it was the last Year: But, in case it shall not be thought fit to carry on the War on the same Foot it has been in Spain and Portuga, a proportionable Abatement may be made of this Expence.

Carried over

£. d. 15,208 6 8

9,817 10 —

10,000 — —

3.59* 5 10

16,668 6 8

8.000 ——

9.000 ——

I- s. d.

38.624 2 6

33,668 6 8

£.756,28! 3 4

ESTIMATE of the foreign Forces in j with the Charge thereof, for the

NUMBERS.

Cavalry -

Infantry

Germans and Italians.

T Vaubonne's Regiment

1 Bailee's - -

J Torger's -

C Hussars, x Troop

(Staremberg's Gfchwy tide's Raventlau's Ofnabrugh D'Eck's -Brawn's -

TFa£X} I,aliam Grizons -

Year 1712.

Charge per Annum.

1,000

1,000

1,000

120

2.180

2.180

2.180

2.180 1,500

i,5°°

1.200

1.200 780

Portuguese.

Five Regiments of Horse, and Two Regiments of^ Foot, of Portuguese Troops, with their General and Staff Officers, who marched with the Earl of into Spain, in the Year 1706, and have been borne at her Majesty’s Charge, for the Years 1709, 1710, V and 1711; the King of Portugal having represented, by his Minister here, That, since they marched into Spain he has been obliged to make a much greater Augmentation of his Forces in at his own

Expence - -

Memorandum: This Demand is made upon the same Foot it was the last Year: But, as the Number of this Corps muff have diminished, some Abatement may be made for this Expence: But no Returns being lately sent from Abroad, whereby to govern such Abatement, the same cannot yet be exactly regulated.

For his Imperial Majesty’s Spani/hTroops serving in Catalonia - £,

For the Extraordinaries of the War in Spain, on Account

110.000

200.000

Memorandum: For the Year 1711, the Sum demanded for his then Catholick Majesty, and his Spanish Troops, was £.150,000 whereof £.40,000, was applicable to his own Use: Which Sum of £.40,000 is here omitted for the Year 1712: And for the Extraordinaries of the War the like Sum of

£.200,000 is now demanded, as was done for the Year 1711: But if it shall happen that thisService does notrequire the same to be all expended, an Account of the Saving shall belaid before the House, as soon as it can be adjusted.

Brought over

Total

3,12°

14,90°

18,020

3.879

£. i. d.

82,202 15 5 J

220,553

302,795 17 81

103,100 16

21,899

310,000

715,896 14 i£

75s.281 3 4

54>9°9

i.4/2,i77 17

0*

Memorandum: That though it appears by the Distribution of the Sum of

£1,500,000 granted upon account of the War in Sp and Portugal, for the Year 1711, that £.125,000 is, by Estimate, reckoned sufficient for the

Exfraordinaries of that Year; the same is occasioned by a Saving upon the

Mule Carriage, the Army not having made such long Marches the last

Campaign as they did in that preceding.

Ordered, That the said Estimatcs and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr,

to Ann.

2" Febntarii.

6$

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House a Schedule of Estimates, for the Year 1712: And also,

for 1711, Services voted, aodenacted, and granted, in Parliament, for the fame, with the Deficiency,

And the Titles of the find Papers were read.

The said Papers are as follow; viz.

Voted lj December, 1711.

14 D° - -D" - -D* - -19th January

SCHEDULE of Efthnates, for *71*.

For 40,000 Men in Sea Service, including $,000 Marines - - < -

For the Ordinary of the Navy -

For re-coining the Money of Scotland For Deficiency of Plate coined at the Tower To make good to the Navy so much as is to be paid Quarterly to the South Sea Company, to complete 576,279 for....

To Guards and Garriforjs, including 5,000 Men for Sea Service - -

For 4o,ooood Men in Flanders - For the Troops of Augmentation in Flanders Forces to serve in Spain, ', or elsewhere -Subsidies to Allies, pursuant to Treaties Ordnance for Land Services - -

Transports, per Estimation - -

Deficiency of the Grants for 1711, to answer all Services of that Year, which were intended to be provided for by Parliament, as per Account

The Deficiency of the Malt Act for 1710, per Estimation ——

£* d.

2,o8o,000 mn r — 1

l80,000 ——

l»7°° 5 3

1.915 II 6

535«332 I

540,226 8

917,696 13

450.505 — 1

I.472»I77 ?7 5i

478,956 16 7

130.000 — —

144.000 — —

589.839 17 4f

l80,000 — r ---

*>799>947 *7 9*

4^03,402 f4 4I

7»703,35° 12 if

Memorandum: There is a further Account preparing of extraordinary Charges of the War, relating to the Land Forces for which, no Provision has been made by Parliament} which will also be laid before the House as soon as the same can be adjusted.

2 February 17H.

Vol. 17-

S

For

66

2° Februar

A. 1711.

For the Year 17x1.

The Sams voted or ens&ed for account of Publick Services in the Session of Parliament begun the 25th November 1710, and ended 12th June 1711 (the Publick Debts to be subscribed into the South Sea Stock excepted).

c December 1710.

4 January

8

15 February 21 -

20 March

For the 40,000 Men employed in the Sea Service, including 8,000 Marines, £.4 a Man per Mcnfem, for 13 Months, including the Ordnance Sea Service - -

For the Ordinary of the Navy ——

For maintaining the 40,000 Men, to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies ——

For maintaining the additional Forces of 10,000 Men - For her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charge of maintaining 3,000 Palatines For her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charge of maintaining 4,639 Saxons For her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charge of s Regiment of

Dragoons, confiding of 800 Men - -

For her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charge of maintaining the Troops of Augmentation -

For the Charge of the Office of her Majesty’s Ordnance for Land Service Memorandum: Also, on the 8th of January there was voted for the Charge of One Year’s Interest of the unsatisfied Debentures upon the Irijk Forfeitures, £.49,357. 9*. ad.-, but no Provision being made for the same out of the Supplies, by the appropriating Clause, it is omitted to be inserted here.

Towards defraying the Charge of transporting Land Forces For her Majesty’s Proportion of the Subsidies payable to her Allies, pursuant to Treaties ——

For maintaining Guards and Garrisons in Great Britain, and for Payment of Invalids, including 5,000 Men to serve on board the Fleet - For the Service of the War in Spain and Portugal -To make good the Payment of the yearly Sum of £.45,000, mentioned in the Proposal of the Governor and Company of the Bank of,

until 31 July 1714, £.157,500, but l'atisfied with - -

For several extraordinary Charges of the War, incurred, and to be incurred ——

Pursuant to Acts of Parliament, or special Clauses and Directions contained therein;

The Loans which remained unsatisfied on 21st December 1710, and the Interest thereof upon the Land Taxes for the Years 1706, 1707, and 1708, are made good, by being transferred to the Register for Loans on the Land Tax for the Year 1711: Which Transferences were as followeth; viz.

Loans on the 91b 4$. Aid, Anno 1706,besides Interest 38,917 12 10 Loans on the 10th 4*. Aid, Anno 1707, besides Interest 59,083 12 6

Loans on the 1 ith 4$. Aid, Anno 1708, besides Interest 38,884 4 5J

The Loans on the Duties on Malt, Anno 1709, which, on the 20th January 1710, remained unsatisfied, with the Interest thereof, are made good, by being transferred to the Register for Loans on the Duties on Malt for the Year 1711: Which Transferences amounted to -

The Adventurers to the Lottery for £. 1,500,000 are by the Act, Page 236, to be allowed Interest, at the Rate of £. 10 per Cent, per Annum for the First of the Four Payments of their Contribution-money, from the Day of the making the same to 29 September 17x1; and after the Rate of £. 6 per Cent, per Annum for the remaining Three Payments, from the respective Days of making the same to the said 29th September 1711; which Allowances for prompt Payments, according to the Receiver’s Accounts in that behalf, doth amount to£. 43,464. i6f. 5; and allowed for Rewards

and Charges to the said Receivers, by virtue of the said Act,£.2,380. 12s. 9 In both ——

The Contributors to the 2 Million Adventure are, by the Act, Page 498, to be allowed after the Rate of 8 per Cent, per Diem for the First of the Four Payments of their Contribution-money, from the Day of making the same to 29 September 1711; and after the Rate of per Cent, per Diem for the remaining Three Payments, from the respective Days of making the same to the said 29th September 1711: Which Allowance for prompt Payments, according to the Receivers Accounts in that behalf, doth amount to - 29,663 15 Also, the Charges of melting, allaying, and coining, the wrought Plate brought into the Mint, upon the said Act, is allowed to be taken out of the Produce thereof - - 5,077 15 6

Which, together with the Loss by reason of the Encou-) ragement lor bringing in the same Plate, amounts to -3 "

The Commissioners constituted for taking, examining, and stating, the Accounts of the Publick Revenues of the Crown, being Seven in Number, are, by the said Act, Page 364 to have the like yearly Allowances for Clerks, and other Charges, and the like quarterly Payments to themselves, as the former Commissioners had; to wit, £.2,500 for Clerks, and other Charges, and£.3,500 for themselves; in both -

11

s. d.

2,080,000 ——

120.000 ——

9!9,°92 3 6 *77>5* 3 6

34,25* *3 4

43,251 12 6

9,269 16 6

220.000 ——

130.000 -

144,000 ——

478,956 16 7

546,108 17 8J 1,500,000 -

150,657 10 8

292,369 2 4

136,885 9 9}

230,898 10 4

45.345 9

34,741 5

6,000 ——

7>299>3l9 17 4

For

to Ann. 2* — At Februarii. 6y

For the Year 1711.

The Grants in Parliament, towards satisfying the Publick Services, ;with the Value of those-

Grants, as estimated by Parliament.

The Land Tax of 4 s.per Lib. for One Year, from 25th March 1711, chargeable with £. 13 6,8 85 9* 9 \d.in Deficiencies, transferred thereto, and the Interest thereof, as per Contra; and such further Loans to be registered, after the said Transerences, at £.6. per Cent, per Annum Interest, as shall not exceed, in the Whole ----- The Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for One Year, from 23 June 1711, chargeable with £.230,898. ids. ^d. in Loans transferred thereto, and Interest, as per Contra; and with such further Loans, to be registered after the said Transferences, at £.6 per Cent, per Annum Interest, as shall not exceed, in the Whole -

The Contributions on the Act for raising £.1,500,000 by way of Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1711, including all Discount and Charges - -

The Duties on Hops, granted for Four Years from First of 1711, and made a Fund of Credit, at £.6. per Cent, per Annum Interest, for any Sum not exceeding

The Contributions on the Act, for raising £.2,000,000 commonly called the Two Million Adventure, for carryingonthe War, and other her Majesty’sOccafions, including all Discount and Charges ——

An Addition to the Capital Stock of the Corporation for carrying on the Trade to the South Seas, in Part of the Provision for the Service of the Year 1711 -

£. s.

1,880,000 —

650.000 — — 1,500,000 — —

180.000 ——

2,000,000 — -

6,210,000 ——

500,000 — —

Balance is the Difference between the estimated Value of the Grants and the Sum Total of the Publick Services j the said Services exceeding the Grants, according to the estimated Value, by ——

6,7x0,000 —

589,839 17 41

I-

7,299,839 17

4*

2d February, 17 -rf-

Examined per IVm. Lowndes.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the in the room of William Wallace Esquire, whose

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Election was adjudged void.

Nival Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House

Charges of the yearly Charge in the Offices of the Navy, Vic-aue 'ding tualling, Ordnance, and Transports, for carrying on the Spain." War in Spain and Portug-

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luneey 4" die Februarii;

Anno 10° Ann* Regin®, 1711. Prayers,

The House being informed. That Mr. Millart, One of the Commissioners for Taxes, attended;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House an Account of the Abilities and Circumstances of Joseph Fake.

And then withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House; who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Gower’s

Estate.

Left withiel, 6cc- Injection.

Steyning

Writ.

MR. Burslem reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Lord Go Baron of Stitnham, an Infant, to make a Settlement upon his Marriage, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that they had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Burslem do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Elections for the Borough of Lejkvithiel, in the county of ; the

Port of Winclieljea, in the County of SuJ/ex-, and the

Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry; be re-

ceived upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of

Vor.. 17-

A Petition of AnneTrant Widow, was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, That Colonel John Bice proposing to procure a Purchase or Security for a considerable Sum of the Petitioner’s, the Petitioner, about 30th November 1703, sent Orders to Mr.

mar in Dublin, who had the Petitioner’s Money in his Hands, to observe Colonel Rice's Directions: That, pursuant thereto, Delamar paid to Colonel Rice £.1,450 for. "j\d. of the Petitioner’s Money, which he never laid out for the Petitioner, as hepromifed; That Colonel Rice did, 9th October 1706, for £.1,500 paid him b y Delamar, assign the Equity of Redemption

of certain Debentures; which he had before mortgaged to the Lord Filzwilliams, and Sir Stephen Evance, and were Part of those granted to Colonel Rice by a late Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Colonel John Rice; subject to a Redemption, on Payment of £.1,500 and Interest, to Mr. who did,

in due time, claim the said £.1,500 and Interest, from and before the Commissioners appointed to inquire how the said Debentures were dispol'ed of; and made the said Deed of Assignment appear to them to be duly made, and for the Petitioner’s Money; and the said Commissioners reported the same specially to the House: That afterward the Petitioner and Delamar petitioned this honourable House; but, nothing being done therein, they brought their Bill in Chancery in England against the Attorney General, the said Commissioners,

Col. Rice's application of Debentures.

Woollen Manufacture of Medlej Cloth*

By-laws

jegulating

Hackney

Chairs,

Stat of the War,

68 4* — 5° FebrA. 1711.

Conunifiioners, and Colonel Rice; praying the Money might he decreed the Petitioner: That dying,

his Executors have joined in renewing the Suit against the Defendants, most of whom have answered, and the Cause is now depending the re: That the Report of the said Commissioners being referred to a Committee, and the Petitioner able to prove the Money paid to Rice-, and the Petitioner is in a very poor Condition, not able to support her Family: And praying, the said Commissioners may be directed to deliver the said Debentures to the Petitioner, or (he be otherwise relieved, according to the Justice of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee appointed to examine how, and to whom, and for what. Colonel John Rice disposed of £.11,420. lys. 6d. in Army Debentures: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

APetition of the Mixtureor Medley Broad Clothiers of Woiton Underedge, in Gl,in behalf of themselves, and Fraternity of the whole County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That of all the Abuses in making up their Manufacture, there is none greater than that of draining Cloth, being a Damage to the Wearer, and a Discouragement to the Maker, equally differing by the exorbitant Custom of Measure thereby introduced: And praying. That the Straining of Mixt or Medley Cloth may be forbid j and that they may be measured in Water at the Mills 1 and a greater Penalty be laidon those who refuse to give Notes, as by a former Act; and a Penalty on the Factor, or Seller, who receives back any Cloth after the Time limited by the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Berkley, Colonel,

Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Langharn, Mr. Hampden, Sir Win. Whitlocke, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Foley, Sir Gilbert Sir Robert Eden,

Mr. Peyton, Mr. Ilart, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Smith, Mr. Cholmondley, Mr. mere, Kir. Onslow, Mr. Blanch, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Scobelt, Mr. Lawson, Mr. North, Mr.

Heysham, Mr. Eversfield, Mr. Finch, Mr. Campion, Mr. Page, Mr. Ward; and all that serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Wilts, Worcester, Gloucester,

York, Somerset, Stafford, Lancaster, and Southampton: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for licensing Hackney Chairs do lay before this House their Orders and By-Laws for regulating Hackney Chairs.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the War;

Ordered, That the Copies of the Treaties which were presented to the House on Saturday last, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole I louse.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mri Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported' from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That they had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon 77/ Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the War.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Marti*, 50 die Februarii;

Anno 10s Annas Reginas, 1711,

Prayers.

ABIL L for erecting a Work-house in the City and Norwich County of the City of Norwich, for the better Work-house: employing and maintaining the Poor there, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brace-bridge, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Pole, Mr. Cotton, Mr.

Berney, Mr. Harvey, Sir Robert Davers, Si? Edmund Bacon, Mr. Mitton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Ward, Sir Robert Edon, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Bene, Sir Mr. Serjeant Birch, Dr. Pajke, Mr. Harris, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Hart, Mr. Rozvney, Mr. Chapman, Mr. Sheppeard, Mr. Page, Mr. Goulston, Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Peyton, Sir Geo. Downing,

Captain Dyott, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Smithson, Sir Nic. Morice, Mr. Prise, Mr. Laugharn, Mr. Medlycott,

Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Carnegy, Mr. Ward,

Sir Gilbert Elliott, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Duncombe, Mr.

Murray, Mr. Gery; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several of the Owners, Inhabitants, or Ditto. Occupiers, of divers of the Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in several Villages about the City of Norxoich, over whom an additional Jurisdiction was given to the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the said City, by a Charter to them granted by King Philip and Queen Mary, was presented to the House and read; setting forth. That the said additional Jurisdiction was granted under Proviso that it should not be prejudicial to the Petitioners Rights: That a Bill is now depending in the House, for erecting a Work-house in the City of Norwich, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there; by which the Petitioners are intended to be subjected to a new Corporation, and liable to the Payment of Money to be raised thereby; of which the Petitioners had no Notice, till by the Votes they were informed thereof: And praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, as to what concerns them in the said Bill; and that such Provision may be made therein, for their Property, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for erecting a Work-house in the City and County of the City of Norwich, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard thereupon before the Committee, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Ol lebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Malt Duiiei. Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1712; and for applying Part of the Coinage Duties to pay the Deficiency of the Value of Plate coined, and to pay for the Recoining of the old Money in Scotland.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Wheat have leave to go Leave of into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

A Bill for repairing the Highways between a certain Stanmore Place called Five Mile Stone and the Town of Stanmore ^0llds-

23 Magna,

ioAnn.

5® Februar

Vefe/a

Elute.

Afriraa

Trade.

Scotch

Episcopal

Communion.

Magna, in the County of Mid was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bertie, Mr. Burgh, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Arth. Mr. Lampton, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Hunger-ford, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir John Mr. Serjeant

Comyns, Mr. Cleveland, Lord , Mr. Herne, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Freman, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Law/bn, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Crosse, Sir Johnson, Mr. Gore, Mr. Etterick, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Thomas llanmer, Mr.

Johnson, Mr. Halfexj, Mr. Foley, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Smith, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Carter, Mr. Smitlfon, Sir Richard Hoar, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. , Sir

Nic. Morice, Mr. Mundy, Sir Pat. Johnson, Mv. Peyton, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. EJfmglon, Mr. Ward; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Hertford, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Agmondefliam Esquire, was pre-

fented to the House. and read; setting forth. That, notwithstanding an Act of Parliament in 1701, made for the Petitioner’s and his Childrens Relief, in relation to one of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and a Conveyance thereof to the Petitioner by the Trustees, in pursuance of the said Act, for Three Years Purchase, paid by the Petitioner; the Petitioner is prosecuted in the Exchequer in Ireland tor the Rents of the Premises accrued from the 2d of November 1699 to 1701,

contrary to the Intention of the said Act, in which nothing is enacted concerning the Profits before that time received: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming the Favour intended him, and his Children, by the said Act; and to discharge them from the Profits of the Estate incurred before the Act made for their Relief.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Meyrick, and Mr. Smith, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Ward, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preventing the disturbing those of the Episcopal Communion in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland in the Exercise of their religious Worship, and in the Use of the Liturgy of the Church of England-, and for repealing the Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act against irregular Baptisms and Marriages; was committed; the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one, as far as Clause B, the last Amendment by the Committee: And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B being read a Second time, That nothing in this present Act, or any other, contained, shall be construed to subject any Person or Persons who shall be onceconvift and punished for any Offence or Immorality, by the Judge or Judges Ordinary; and who for such Offence has given Satisfaction to the Church, Congregation, or Meeting House, where he or they resorts, be liable to any further Censure or Punishment for the same Offence, in any other Church, Congregation, or Meeting House, in whose Communion he or they are not; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the same Amendment;

It passed in the Negative,

You 17.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That no Forfeiture, or Disability should be incurred by any Person by Excommunication, or Prosecution in order thereto, by the Church Judicatories in Scotland; and to prohibit all civil Magistrates from forcing any Person to obey such Summons, or Sentence when pronounced:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That every Minister and Preacher, as well of the established Church in Scotland, as of those of the Episcopal Communion, protected by this Act, should at some time, during the Exercise of Divine Service in such respective Congregation, pray in express Words for the Queen, the Princess Sophia, and all the Royal Family:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

A nd other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the State of the War, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the States General have been deficient in their Quotas for Sea Service, in proportion to the Number of Ships provided by her Majesty, some Years Two Thirds, and generally more than Half, of their Quota.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards the carrying on the War in Spain, in order to reduce that Monarchy to the House of Austria, neither the late Emperors, nor his present Imperial Majesty, have ever had any Forces on their own Account there, till the last Year; and then only a Regiment of Foot, confiding of 2,000 Men.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Forces supplied and paid by her Majesty for the carrying on the War in Spain, from the Year 1705, to the Year 1711, inclusive, amounted to 57,973 Men, besides 13 Battalions, and 18 Squadrons, for which her Majesty has paid a Subsidy to the Emperor.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Forces supplied by the States General for the Service in Spain, from the Year 1705, to the Year 1708, both inclusive, have amounted to no more than 12,200 Men; and that from the Year 1708, to this present time, they have sent thither no Forces at all.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That her Majesty has not only furnished her Proportion of 12,000 Men, according to the Treaty entered into for the Service of the War in Portugal, but has taken upon her the Emperor’s Proportion, by furnishing Two Thirds, when the States General only furnished One Third for that Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, by the Treaty with the King of Portugal, there was to be furnished 12,000 Foot, and 3,000 Horse, at his own Expence; and, in Consideration of a Subsidy to be paid him, 11,000 Foot, and 2,000 Horse, more; notwithstanding which it appears, That the King of Portugal did not furnish 13,000 Men in the Whole.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thatfince the Year 1706, when the English and Dutch marched into Castile, and returned no more into Portugal, her Majesty has replaced more than her Share, according to her Proportion; and the States General have not had any Troops in Portugal.

T Resolved,

State of the War.

Expiring

Laws.

Col. Rice's

Application of

liebeotures.

Bury St. Edmunds Writ.

Naval

Charges at tending W in Spain.

5' — 7° Februarii. A. 1711.

Resolved,.Thai It is the Opinion of this Committee, That the First Proportion of Three Fifths to Two Fifths, agreed upon between his late Majesty King William, and the States General, for the Service of the War in Flanders, has not been observed by the States General Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the States General, during the Course of the War, have furnished less than their Proportion, in Flanders, 20,837 ^en*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Condition for prohibiting all Trade and Con-respondence between Holland and France, on which the Troops of Augmentation were granted in 1703, and afterwards continued, has not been observed by the States General.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, at the Beginning of this War, the Subsidies were paid in equal Proportions by her Majesty, and the States General; but her Majesty hasfince paid more than her Proportion, 3,155,000 Crowns.

The ill, 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, and 7th Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Eighth Resolution being read a Second time: And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the first Proportion of Three Fifths to Two Fifths, agreed upon between his late Majesty King William, and the States General, for the Service of the War in Flanders, has not been observed by the States General;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,[ }ai7’

XeU-for.heN^X4"'’ }

' So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Chapman, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Hern, Mr. Bromly, Mr. Edish Mr. Dashwood, Mr. Banks, Mr. Worjley, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Chewn, be added to the Committee appointed to examine what Laws are expired or expiring, and what are fit to be revived and, continued.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers, Mr Mr.

Oglethorpe, Mr. Burslem, Mr. Sir Fra. Vincent, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Geo. Mr.

Worjley, Sir John Packington, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Smilhjon, Mr. Herbert, Sir Edward Williams, be added to the Committee appointed to consider of the Report of the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, to examine how, to whom, and for what. Colonel John ifcredisposed £.1 1,420. 17 s.6d. in Army Debentures.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 70 Februarii; Anno io* Annas Regina?, 1711. Prayers.

port Service, in carrying on the War in Spain and Portugal, from 1702 to Christmas 1711.

And then they withdrew.

The Title of the said Computation was read.

The said Computation is as followeth; viz.

A Computation made of the yearly Charge for Tranf-

Portugal, from 1702, to Chrijhnas 1711. 1. S. d.

For the Year 1702 - - 71,122 IO 4

1703 - 90,124 18 6

1704 - - - 89»7 °3 II 2

1705 - - 102,780 1 I 6

1706 - - - *40,603 8 4

1707 - - 138,041 12 6

1708 - - - *79>M9 — 8

1709 - - 181,084 16 6

1710 - - - 202,528 4 3

1711 - - 141,481 6 2

Total _ m £ 1,336,719 *9 I I

Memorandum: In the above Charge there is included £.36,346. for Corn and Sacks sent to;

£ s. d.

In - - 1706 - 8,136 13 1

In - - 1708 - 5,464 14 8

In - - 1709 -22,744 12 3

£. 36,346 —

Transr >ort Office, Samuel Atkinson,

6th Feb ruary 1711. Nich. Roope,

Tho. Colby.

Ordered, That the said Computation do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Ashbumham have Leave Leave of to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extra- Absence. ordinary Occasions.

A Bill to make free the Content Gaily, a running Content Ship, taken from the French, and condemned as Prize, Gaily, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cart-zvright, Mr. Wortley, Sir Robert Eden, Mr

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Smith, Mr. Banks, Sir John Mordaunt,

Mr. Berners, Mr. Wykes, Mr. Sir Jacob

Bankes, Mr. Goulfion, Mr. Newland, Sir Pole, Mr. Marryott, Sir Geo. Newland, Mr. Ward, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. Jennmgs, Sir Robert Dovers,

Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Bertie, Sir Hen. Houghton, Mr. Courteney, Mr. Reynells, Mr. Johnson, Dr. Hutton, Mr.

Bruere, Sir Gilbert Dolben:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do inquire into what is alleged in the Bill, that £.2,442. js. 3 d.have been laid out in repairing and refitting the said Ship,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Punishing punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters; M"tiny aild and for the better Payment of the Array, and Quarters: e erUon*

And that Lieutenant General Erie, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bury St. Edmonds, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Joseph Weld, Serjeant at Law, deceased.

The House being informed, That the Commissioners of Transports attended;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted to the House a Computation of the yearly Charge for Trans-

A Petition of Edward Riddell Esquire, and Dorothy his Wife, John Dalton, Esquire, who is eldest Son and Heir of Elizabeth Hoghton, Sifter to the said Dorothy, which said Elizabeth and Dorothy were the Daughters and Co-heiresses of Robert Dalton Esquire, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner’s Father, Thomas Riddell, did, upon the Petitioner Edward's Marriage, settle the Manor of Swinburne, SCc. in Northumberland, upon himself for Life, Remainder to the Petitioner Edward for Life, Remainder to his First and other Sons, with other

Remainders

RiddrU'i

Estate.

io Ann.

Remainders over, chargeable with £.13. 2 3 Annum for each of his four Daughters Maintenance, and with other Incumbrances: That the Petitioner Dorothy's -Father, Robert Dalton, settled the Manor of in

Lancashire, upon himself for Life, Remainder to the Petitioners Edxtiard and Dorothy for their Lives, with other Remainders: That there was a Mortgage of .£. 1,500 upon the Swinburne Estate before the Marriage: and praying Leave to bring in a Bill for Sale of the Lancajliire Estate, in Ease of the Sioinburne Estate.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wrightson, and Sir Robert Eden, do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Leftwitbiell Mr. Freman, according to Order, reported from the Election. Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Leflwithiell, in the County of Cornwall, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the Report, and Resolution, were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Robarts Esquire; and

also the Petition of the chief Magistrates and Assistants of the Borough of , in the County of Cornwall; complaining of an undue Return of Hugh Fortescue Esquire to serve for the said Borough:

That the Right of EleCiion was agreed to be in the Mayor, Six capital Burgesses, and 17 Assistants:

That the Petitioner’s Counsel alleged, the Assistants are to be annually chosen; which was denied by the Sitting Member’s Counsel:

That the Petitioners Counsel offered an ingrossed Parchment, as a Charter for LoJlwithieU; which, having neither Seed nor Date, was not admitted by the Com-inittee:

That the Petitioners Counsel produced a resolution of the House of Commons, the 20th of December 1709, in the then controverted Election for this Borough; When it was resolved, That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough is in the Mayor, and Six capital Burgesses, together with the i 7 Assistants annually chosen, and who had a Right to vote at the preceding Election of a Mayor.

That the Petitioners Counsel examined Witnesses; viz. Stephen Castile: "Who said. That about 40 Years ago, upon the Election of a Mayor, the after

Michaelmas Day, he was dismissed from being one of the Assistants: That the Town-people have always told him, the Mayor and Assistants are to be annually chosen: But that he was an Assistant above Six Years, and was elected but Once:

David Clenock said, He has known the Borough 25 or 26 Years: That the Assistants are chose, as the Mayor is chose, annually, upon Tuesday after Michaelmas Day; and that Alexander John, the present May or, has been Mayor Seven Years.

The Petitioners Counsel declared. That, having failed in their Evidence as to the Charter, on which they relied their Cafe, the Petitioners wTaved their Complaint, and would give the Committee no further Trouble.

' That the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Hugh Fortescue Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lofwithiell, in the County of Cornwall.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Hugh Fortescue Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lojlwithiell, in the County of Cornwall.

Winchelsea Mr. Freman reported from the Committee of Privi-Sfc^hon. . Vou 1?>

71

leges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Port of Winchelsea, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the fune in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report and Resolutions were read, and are as follow;

Upon the Petition of Willia Penn and Richard Jones Esquires, complaining of an undue Hie ' ion and Return of Sir Francis Knight and

Baronet, and Robert Brijlout Esquire, to serve for the Town and Port of W, in the County of Sussex:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Mayor, Jurats, and Freemen:

The Sitting Member’s Counsel alleged, That Free-.men who had been absent above Twelve Months had no Right without, a Re-admission.

That the Petitioners Counsel alleged. That Freemen of this Port are in Nature of Common Council-men; and ought to qualify themselves by receiving the Sacrament, according to the Corporation Act:

That the Poll was thus;

2 for each Petitioner;

10 for each Sitting Member.

That the Matter of the Petition, as to the Petitioner Mr. Jones, was absolutely w'aved.

The Petitioner, Mr. Penn, examined Witnesses: viz. Samuel Newman: Who said that Thomas Cooper tendered his Poll for the Petitioners, but was refused: That he had formerly voted, and lived out of the Port above Twelve Months before the Election:

That if a Freeman has lived out of the Port above Twelve Months, they do not admit him, unless he demands it, and pays a Bottle of Wine:

That Cooper demanded to be re-admitted, upon the Election Day, but did not offer his Wine; he had then a House in the Town, and paid to the Church and Poor, but lived Ten Miles out of the Town:

That the Freemen vote in all Assemblies, and no Corporate Act can be done without them.

That the Petitioners Counsel objected to Seven of the Sitting Members Voters, for not having qualified themselves;

And they produced (he Town Book of Winchelsea: Whereby it appeared, That, 29 , 1703, Richard

Ashdowne was admitted and sworn a Jurat: And,

5 October 1703, he filed his Certificate of duly receiving the Sacrament: And,

That John Parnell, Tho. Jenkin senior, and Thomas Marten, were admitted Freemen in 1707, in s

Mayoralty:

That it was said, That neither Jenkin nor Marten qualified themselves:

And it appeared by the Town Book, That 25 April. 1710, Abraham Butler, William Gyles junior, and Thomas Jenkin junior, were admitted Freemen in the Mayoralty of Parnell:

The Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the Freemen of the Port of Winchelsea are not obliged to qualify themselves by receiving the Sacrament, according to the Corporation Act.

That to prove ill Practices to gain Votes for the Sitting Members;

Thomas Cooper said, That Ashdowne told him, That he, and Gyles senior, who was then present, had £.30 a-piecefor their Votes, at the former Election; and that the Women had Half a Guinea a-piece:-That, about Three or Four Months before the last Election, they complained they had not received the Money; but, about Ten Days before the Election, Ashdowne owned they had received it.

William Reed said, That Ashdowne and , in Dif-

course at his House, said. That if Hopper, who voted for the Petitioner, made it a void Election, then Ashdowne was to have nothing.

Samuel Newman said, that Sir Daftwooditkcd

him.

70 Februd

Soutlnrark

flection.

73

him for his Vote; and told him, if he gave him his Vote, he would uie him as well as any others:

That he had £. 20 of Mr. for his Vote at the former Election, for Sir Francis Dajlnooood and Mr. Bristow: That he gave his Note for the Money: but Copeland told him, it would never be called for:

That when Sir Fra/im asked his Vote, in this Election, he mentioned that Note to Sir , and said. He

would not have that Note always over his Head; and thereupon, Sir Francis said to him, he could do nothing in it at present; bat that he should fare as well as any other Man:

That Thomas Marten, who voted for the Sitting Members, has an Office under the Commissioners of the Customs; and had a Letter from those Commissioners to direct his Vote.

Archibald Battle said, Abraham Butler told him, That when he was made a Freeman, he was under an Obligation to vote for the Sitting Members.

John Hooper said. That Sir Fra. Dashicood asked his Vote, and he refused it him; and told Sir Fra. He was informed hisFellow Partners had £. 30 a-piece: That Sir Fra. said to him, He thought he had had his Proportion, as the rest had; and that he would be as kind to him, as he was to them.

That, to qualify AJkdozvne, the Sitting Members Counsel produced a Certificate, dated 5 Sept. 1703, of Ashdowne's receiving the Sacrament, the 8th of before; And, 5 O6lob. following, this Certificate was filed:

That it was admitted, by Mr. Pern's Counsel, That in the Years subsequent to 1703, Ashdowne did qualify himself; and that then Parnell was elected under him; but they infilled, that Ashdowne's Certificate, in 1703,

was not filed in time.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Fra. Dafiwood Knight and Baronet is duly

elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Winchelsea, in the County of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Rolrert Bristow Esquire is duly elected a Baron to

serve in this present Parliament for the said Port of Winchelsea.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Freman also reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of -icark, in the County of Surrey, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read them in his Place: and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table; where the Report, and Resolutions, were read; and are as follow j viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir George Matthews Knight, complaining of an undue Return of Esquire to serve for the Borough of , in

the County of Surrey:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Inhabitants of the Borough paying Scotland Lot*

That the Poll was thus;

831 for the Petitioner;

815 for the Sitting Member:

That, to prove partial Proceedings in Mr. Martin, the Bailiff, the Petitioner’s Counsel examined V it nelies; viz.

John Lade Esquire, and Mr. Fisher: Who

laid. That the Bailin' adjourned the Poll to several Places; first, to St. George's Church, which was shut; then to the Church Wall, where there was no Provision ior Polling; then to a private House, where the Marauds used to live, within the Rules of the Prison; and U

1711.

then to the Town ball: That he refused to let any Clerks be employed but his own; and that there was great Confusion in taking the Poll, in the Dark, the First Day; and several of the Petitioner’s Voters went away both Days, because they could not be polled:

That, upon Friday the 2 ill of December, after several Proclamations made for the Voters to come in, and no more coming, the Bailiff closed the Poll in the Townhall; and then the Bailiff, and several Friends appointed by Agreement on eachSide.cast up the Votes; and all having agreed the Poll, the Bailiff, in the Town-hall declared the Numbers; and that Sir Geo. Mathews had a Majority of 16; and he caused the Crier to proclaim the Numbers twice: After that, the Bailiff laid, there was a Scrutiny demanded by one;

who not being present, another flood up and demanded a Scrutiny: Whereupon the Bailiff, said. He would proceed upon the- Scrutinjq but adjourned without appointing any Time or Place for it; and the Company went away, concluding all was over:

That, the 21st of December, Mr. Lade, demanded a Copy of the Poll; and the Bailiff sent him a Book of One Parish, the 24th of Decem and the other Two Books he sent on Saturday the 29th of December-, and the next Monday, being the 31st, the Bailiff proceeded to the Scrutiny:

That Sir George Mathezos came to the Place, and pro-

tested against the Scrutiny, and went away; and all his Friends were turned out of the Room, because they were not of St. George's Parish, which was first ferutinized:

That it being afterwards reported, the Bailiff was resolved to return Mr. Halsey; the Bailiff was asked, if any of the Voters for Sir George Mathews were objected to, to the end they might be justified; and he was desired to say upon what Foot he proceeded; and whether he would return Sir Geo. Mathews-, but he would give no other Answer, than that he would be adviled by Counsel.

That several Voters and Agents, on both Sides, were at the Scrutiny and made objections, and were heard; and the Poors Book was there; but the Petitioner declared, he would not be concerned in the Scrutiny.

That the Sitting Member’s Counsel examined Witnesses; viz.

Roger Peck, Tho. Slade, and Henry Bartlett: Who said, That, as soon as the Books were call up, upon seeing how the Numbers were, they, and one,

demanded a Scrutiny for Mr. Halsey: That they demanded the Scrutiny several times, immediately before, and after, the Numbers were declared by the Bailiff, and proclaimed by the Crier; and thereupon the Bailiff said, there should be a Scrutiny; and being asked when, he said, it was impossible to determine that, for it would take sometime to copy the Poll Books: That he would at the same time give a Copy to each Candidate, asr soon as they could be made, and then he would appoint the Scrutiny:

That there were Inspectors and Agents, on both Sides at the Scrutiny; who made Objections, and did every thing Scrutineers usually do; and bA.t.Lade, who was for Sir George Mathews, objected to some of the Voters.

Joseph Skinner said, There was no publick Notice given of the Scrutiny; but that, upon Saturday Night before it began, he gave Notice of the Scrutiny to each Candidate, by Letter from the Bailiff; and that it would begin, for St.George's Parish, the Monday following,

at ten a Clock, at the King's Arms Tavern, at St. Margaret's Hill:

That 150 Voters were objected to upon the Scrutiny; and the Bailiff heard both Sides fairly: That the Candidates had Copies of the Poll Book of St. George's Par if 1, on the Monday after the Poll was ended; and upon the Monday Morning when the Scrutiny began,

they had the other Copies:

That the Persons who appeared at the Scrutiny for Sir George Mathews, polled for him, and had a Right to vote.

That the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved,

7* Februarii.

io Ann,

*f Pcbtaarii.

11

Refotved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That at the late Election of a Mertibef to serve in this present Parliament for the Bormlgh Of in

t Ire County of*Slimy, the Poll being closed, and fcaft top, and the Majority of Votes declared, by Proclamation, for Sit* George MdthcwS, He fefqaire, the

Bailiff, could not proceed to a Scrutiny, todt having adjourned the Court to any Time or Place.

That the Committee proceeded to hear the Matter of Bribery and Corrilption alleged against the Petitioner:

As to which, the Sitting Member’s Counsel called, Edzcard Rooke:Who said, That the 8th of November, Sir Geo. Mathews, and others, went the Rounds of St. Saviour's Parish: That Mr. Parker, who solicited Votes lor Sir George, paid a Shilling, Eighteen Pence, and Half-a-Crown, a House, at several Houses, for Beer: And that Mr. Parker told him, He had paid a Reckoning of £10 at the Fountain Tavern: That another Reckoning of i$s. or 14^. was paid for Beer, for about 20 Voters, at the Bell Alehouse, by Two other Persons, who treated for Sir George:

That Sir George Mathews was at the; and

because he could not stay, he had some Victuals cut from the Spit, and desired the Company to excuse him, and be merry; saying. He left a Gentleman who would supply them with Wine, or any thing the y thought fit.

Ephraim Harris said, £.20 was spent at his House; and Colonel Meggot had the Bill; but that he could 110 say it was on Sir George Math Account.

Tho. Ralcliffe said, that a Kinsman of Sir George Mat hexes paid him a Bill of 25 for Beer, had at his House upon the Election Days;.and that 20s. was spent there before.

William Francis said, That, before and at the time of the Election, he saw Sir cs pay about

£.20 at the Vine in Btackmcre-Jlrc: That his Vote was then solicited for Sir George; and* was asked by hinv; and, when* that Money was paid; the Drawer told the Company, They were all welcome, and there was nothing more to be done unless they paid themselves.

Mr. John Connell said. There was a great deal of Treating on both Sides, after Mr. Death:

And that he saw a Bill of *f.S, which had been spent at the Vine upon Voters, delivered to Sir George Ma-thezvs in Company; and that he thought he might safely fav, Sir George promised to pay it: And fuid, The Company told him, They had- been treating at the Vine.

Richard White laid. That Arnold and who

voted for Sir George Mathews, paid him a Bill of jf.3 for Beer had at his House, by Voters, and others.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions,

Rif lived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Edmond JIalfey Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

Resolved, That? it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir George Mathezos Knight, is duly electfed a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Southwark.

The Piift of the said Rdfolutidtls being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House dbtli agree with the Committee in the said1 Resolution, That'at die late Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough oVSout hzcat'/i, in the County of , the Poll being closed and calt'Up, and the Majority of Votes declared', by Proclamation, for Sir Geo. Mathews, Henry Marten Esquire, the Bailiff, could not' proceed to a Scrutiny, not hAVing adjoUrncd the Court to any Time or Place.

The Second of the' laid Resolutions being read a Second time;

And a Motion bdiilg'made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

Vo l. 17.

Tellers for the Year, f Mr- ChurchiU,

Southwark

Election.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth;

Mr.: J 94*

Tellers for he Noes, {mI.nZZ } '95-So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House dd agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Edmund Halsey Esquire is ncVt duly elected A Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

The Third Resolution being tend a Second tithe;

Resolved, That the House doth Agree with the Committee in tile said Resolution, That Sir George Mathews Knight is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this pre^ font Parliament for the said Bo to ugh of Southwark.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do Attend this House To-rriOtrow Morning, to Amend the Return for the Borough of Southzoark, by raGng out the Name Of Edmund Halsey Esquire, and inserting the Name of Sir George Mathezos Knight, instead thereof.

Resolved, That art the late Election of a! Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough Of Southzoark, rh the County of Surrey, Henry Martin Esquire, the Baffiff of Southwark, Was guilty of arbitrary and il-Jegiff Proceedings, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, and tending to the Subverlion of the Freedom of Elections.

Ordered, That the said Henry Esquire; be,

for the said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be farther adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to give farther Time for iilrolling fuel) Leases, granted from the Crown, as have not been inrolled within the respective Times therein limited.

Refoked, That this Hotofe will, upon Mtitiday Mofn-- State of the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whose Wttr* House, to consider farther of the State of the War.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the diliurbing those of Scotch the Episcopal Communion in that part of Great Britain Episcopal called Scotland in the Exercise of their religious Wor- Communlon* ffiip, and in the Use of the Liturgy of the Church of England; and for repealing the Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act against irregular Baptisms and Marriages; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, for giving Power to any Sheriff, or Justice of Peace, to call before them any Person or Persons who shall be at any Episcopal Congregation* and to put to them the Oath of Allegiance, and oblige them to sign the Assurance in the Scotch Act of 1702-, for recognizing her Majesty’s Authority:

And the Question being put, That the Rider be brought up to the Table j

It passed in a Negative.

Then ar Mbtion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for ,he Yeas,

Call of the House.

Crown

Leases.

T c vr 1 Sir Gilbert Elliott, Tellers for the Noes, { Mf

17

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And that the Title be. An Act to prevent the disturbing those of the Episcopal Communion in that'Part of Great Britain called Scotland in the Exercise of their

religious Worship, and in the Use of the Liturgy of the Church of England-, and for repealing the Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act against irregular Baptisms and Marriages.

U Ordered,

Vesey’s

Estate.

Hackney

Chairmen.

Committees,

Public

Accounts.

Assize of Fewel.

Petition presented ami withdrawn.

Southwark

Return

amended.

Limiting Officers in the House.

74 70 — 8° — 90 . A. 1711.

Ordered, That Sir Simeon Stuart do carry the Bill securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto. Number of Officers fitting in the House of Commons;

And that Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Mr.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow and Mr. Onslow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Morning, Nine a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 8° die Februarii; ——

Anno io* Ann® Regin®, 1711.

Prayers.

MR. Medlycot, according to Order, presented a Bill for confirming to A Vesey Esquire,

and his Children, the Benefit intended by an Act, passed in the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for their Relief; and for discharging him and them of the Rents and Profits of their Estate, incurred before the Passing of the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sabbati, 90 die Februarii; Anno 10° Ann® Regin®, 1711. Prayers.

/JRDERED, That the Committee, to whom the Col.Rice’. Report to this House, in November 1707, from the application of Commissioners appointed to examine how, and to whom, Debentures-and for what, Colonel John Rice disposed of Eleven thousand Four hundred and Twenty Pounds Seventeen

Shillings and Six Pence, in Army Debentures,....

have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, That the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs attended;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House Orders and By-Laws for Hackney Chairmen: And,

Orders and Rates for Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

And then they withdrew.

The laid Orders and By-Laws are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the Titles of the said Orders and By-Laws were read.

Ordered, That the said Orders, By-Laws, and Rates, do he upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A Bill to continue the Act of the last Session of Parliament, for taking, examining, and dating the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, for One Year longer, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Broioning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for explaining and altering the Laws now in being concerning the Assizes of Fewel, so far as they relate to the Assize of Billet made of Beech-wood only, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Amendments were read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

L. 9. Leave out " in the Country

L. 31. Leave out "ancient."

Ordered, That Sir William Wliillocke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

A Petition of the Train of Artillery was presented to the House, and read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, according to Order, and amended the Return for the Borough of Southtoark, in the County of Surry.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Mine- Minehead head, and of the Trustee and Guardian of Alexander Harbour. Lutterell an Infant, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in the 12th and 13th Years of his late Majesty King William, an Act was made for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, for One-and-twenty Years: That, in pursuance of the said Act, a new Head is built by the Trustees thereby appointed for Building thereof, and the Duties duly applied: But great Sums being laid out on the said Pier, by the Family of the Lutterells; and the Term of the said Act not being sufficient to defray the Charges already expended, besides the Want of Reparations continually occasioned by the Sea beating on the said Pier: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for prolonging the Time of the said Act, and explaining some Clauses therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gwyn, Sir Jacob Banks, Sir Francis Warre, and Mr. Serjeant Hooper, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Petition of divers of the People called Quakers, on Quaker* behalf of themselves, and some thousands of the said Affirmation. People, in relation to the present solemn Affirmation, was offered to the House:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Petition be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Mr. Lawson:

Tellers for the Noes fSir Wm' tellers lor the JNoes, Mp

So it passed in the Negative.

80.

101.

Ordered, That Mr Miltonhave Leave to go into the Leave of

Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Elliot have Leave to go into the Country for Two Months, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Motion being made, That Mr. Speaker do issue Vacatio* his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a of Seat by new Writ for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Durham, in the ce‘ room of Sir Henry Bellafis; who hath accepted of a Commission to him and others for inquiring into the Number and Quality of the Forces in her Majesty’s Pay in Spain and Portugal;and to examine the State of the Payments and Accounts relating to the said Forces, and to the Garrisons and Fortifications of tar and Port Mahon; and also the Accounts of the Agent Victuallers, and Commissaries of Stores, in those Parts;

Ordered, That a Copy of the said Commission be laid before this House.

Mr.

Limiting Officers in the House.

American Prize Goods.

io Ann. 9 0 Februarii.75

Mr. Worthy preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers fitting in the House -of Commons: and the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tliurjday Morning next.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants trading to America was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which Report he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is followed); viz.

Upon the Petition of several Merchants trading to

America:

That the Committee having taken into Consideration the Petition of the said Merchants, who pray to be relieved against the Act, passed the last Session, for encouraging the Trade to Americ, which charges Prize Cocoa, which hath already paid her Majesty’s Customs in America, with the same Duties, upon its Importation in England, as in case it had not been Prize;

That it appeared to the Committee, by Mr.

Surveyor General of the Customs of North America, That a Spanish Ship, called St, X. De Burgo, upwards of 300 Tons, taken as Prize, and brought into New York, in September 1710, which had on board 250 Tons of Cocoa, and was entered at the Custom-house at New York, and paid f. 6,000 Custom at id. per Pound, and a 1 per Cent, upon the real Value:

And that he knows the Certificates that were produced to the Committee, and the Officers Hand Writing that signed them; and believes, Those Certificates are for Part of the said Cocoa that came out of the aforesaid Ship.

Mr. Wm. Hyde, Merchant, of South Carolina, likewise faith, That, when he was in Carolina, in 1710, there were Two Spanish Ships brought in as Prize, and condemned there, whose Ladings was chiefly Cocoa: the Name of the One was the San&a Cruize, Burthen about 250 Tons; the other was called the St.John, Burthen about 200 Tons; And that they paid between 5 and £. 6,000 Custom, in Specie, for the said Cocoa, at id. per Pound, and 2 % perCent. upon the Value: And believes.

That some of the Cocoa, now in her Majesty’s Ware-houses is Part of the Cocoa which came in those Two Ships to Carolina.

Mr Burchfield, and Mr. Hyde further declared, That

they knew the Hand of the Collector of her Majesty’s Customs at Carolina; and believe it to be the said Collector’s Hand that hath signed the Certificates which came from Carolina.

That it appeared to the Committee, by the Attorney General’s Opinion, that Prize Goods condemned in Great Britain, in the same Vessels as it wras taken in, are subject but to our owu Plantation Duties.

That an Instance also was given to the Committee, of Prize Cocoa entered at the Custom-house at London which was taken 'mo. French Ship, by the Leghorn Gaily, since the passing of the Act the last Session, which paid the Plantation Duty only; being but a Moiety of what the Petitioners are now obliged to pay by the said Act.

That the Petitioners also produced a Copy of the Commissioners of the Customs Report to the Lord High Treasurer; and a Copy of the Attorney General’s Opinion; withaCopy, of the Lord Treasurer’s Warrant to the Commissioners of the Customs, for the Landing of such Prize Cocoa as is now imported; and directing the same to be put into Warehouses, until the Petitioners could apply to Parliament for Relife.

And a Debate arising in the House upon the said Report;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

Vol. 17.

A Message, from her Majesty, by Sir William Oldcs, Royal Afient Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: 1 5'

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to Five Publick Bills, and One private Bill; viz.

An Act for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twelve; and for applying Part of the Coinage Duties to pay the Deficiency of the Value of Plate coined, and to pay for the re-coining the old Money in Scotland.

An Act for settling the Precedence of the most Excellent Princess Sophia, Electorefs and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, of the Elector her Son, and of the Electoral Prince the Duke of Cambridge.

An Act to repeal the Act, of the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing foreign Protestants; except what relates to the Children of her Majesty’s natural-born Subjects born out of her Majesty’s Allegiance:

An Act to make a causeway over the Denes, from Great Yarmouth, to Caister, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for explaining and altering the Laws now in being concerning the Assizes of Fevvel, so far as they relate to the Aliize of Billet made, or to be made, of Beech-wood only:

An Act to enable John Lord Gower Baron of -ham, an Infant, to make aSettlement upon his Marriage.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, to Duties on whom the Petition of the Merchants trading to America Prize Sugars, was referred; and to whom the Petition of the Merchants &c> and Traders of the City of Brijlolwas also referred; the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the said Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House refoived itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Billfor recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1712.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Manley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Manley reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, that this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will upon this Day Seven- Public night, take into farther Consideration the Report from Account»-the Commissioners for taking, examining, and stating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Crown night, resolveitlelf into a Committee of the whole House, Letfc*.

upon the Bill to give farther Time for inrolling such Leases granted from the Crown, as have not been inrolled within the respective Times therein limited.

Ordered, That Mr. Strickland, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir Content Isaac Rebow, Mr. Jefferys, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Hampden, Gi"v* Mr. Ash, Mr. Mead, Mr. JVrighMr. Lambton, Mr. James Sheppard, Mr. Coat/worth, Mr.

Mr. Trotman, be added to the Committee,. to whom the Bill to make free the Content Gaily, a running Ship,

taken

Recruiting ^and Forces*

African

Trade.

State of the War.

Barrier Treaty with Holland.

Committees,

Ipswich, &c. Road.

76 90 — 110 — 12° ji. 1711.

taken from the French, and condemned as Prize, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna) n° die Februarii \

Anno 10' Annas Regions, 1711.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Merchants and Traders of the City of Briflolto Africa was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That there hath, from the said City, been a large Export of Woollen Manufactures, Iron, Pewter, and other Commodities, oeca-honed by the Increase of the Trade to Africa: That the settling the said Trade in a select Company would ruin the Trade of all the Out Ports thither: and praying the same may continue free and Open to all her JMajcity’s Subjects.

Ordered,'1 hat the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to canfider of the Trade to

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House wili, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itleifinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the it ate of the War.

Ref deed, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itleifinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Treaty between her Majesty and the States General, for leeuring the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain, and for settling a Barrier for the States General against France.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That Hie will be pleased to give Directions, that all luliructions and Orders given to the Plenipotentiaries that transacted the said Treaty; and also, that all Treat ies mentioned, and referred to, in the said Treaty, may be laid before this House except such Treaties as are already before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address. be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this Moule as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Councils.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, i'2° die Februarii;

Anno 10° Anna) Regime, 1711.

Pra YERS.

SIR Thomas JIanmer reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for the better repairing and amending the Road lead from Ip/ito Cleydon, and the Road called the Rye Road, in the County of Suffolk, was committed, That they had.made fl-veral Amendments to the Bill.; which they had directed: him-to report to the House; and he read the same in his Piaoe; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout.; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put. thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed, unto by the House.

A CJauio was, offered, to be added to the Bill, to prevent the erecting a Turnpike uear Ipswich

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by- the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That tlxe Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolltd.

A Petition and Representation of the Royal African Company of England was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That her Majesty had been pleased, upon the Address of the House for that Purpose, to alii It the Petitioners with Ordnance, f nail Arms, Powders, Stores, Money, Two Ships of War, and other Necella-ries, for the better Support of the Settlement and Trade oi Africa: And praying the Consideration of the House upon the said Settlements, and such Powers and Privileges as may be fufiicieut to preserve and support the British Settlements and Interest in Africa.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of the Town of Birmingham, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Manufacture of Cutlers Ware, Gun Barrels, and many other Sorts of wrought Iron, hath been muchincrealedfince the laying open the Trade to Africa: That, if the Designs of the African Company succeed, the Petitioners will be obliged to fell their Commodities to One Buyer; which will be a great Dil-couragement; And praying, That the said '1 rude may continue free to all her Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of the Merchants and Inhabitants of the Port of Leverpoole, trading to the Coast of Africa, and

thence to the West Indies, was presented to the House, and read;setting forth, Thatfince the laying open the said Trade, the Petitioners havefitted out many Ships for the said Trade, and suppfied the Plantations with great Numbers of Negroes, to the Benefit of the said Plantations, and the Improvement of Navigation: That if the said Trade should be confined to the Port of London only, this, and all oilier Out Ports, would lole the Benefit of the said Trade, and the Manufactures fit for be

confined to One Buyer: And praying, That the Peri-tioners, and all other Out Ports of Great Britain, may have the Freedom of the said African Trade.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, wha are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Pel itioH of the Royal Afr of England,

and their Creditors, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, upon the Encouragement of a Charter granted to the lloyal African Company, raised a considerable Sum of Money for carrying on the Trade to Africa, in a Joint Stock: That the said Trade has laid under great Discouragements during this and the late War: That in 1697, the said Trade was laid open for 13 Years, upon paying to the Company £.xo per Cent, upon their Exports: And praying a Parliamentary Establishinent of their Charter, in such manner as shall support the said Trade.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of’ the Committee of the whole House, who are tO' consider of the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That Sir John Trevillianbeaddedtothe Gen-

tlemen who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for prolonging the Time in an Act made for recovering, fevering, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation of this Kingdom; and for explaining such Clauses therein as may make the same more effectual for the Ul'es intended thereby.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That thiiHouse do, upon«S’fl/«rrfoyMorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of her Majesty’s most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament;

16 The

A fririn

'1 UK.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

MineLtad Hut Lour.

Motion for cor.liderin^ of Queen* Speech.

i o Ann. i 2* — 13° Februarii.

The previous Question was put, That that Question be now put:

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas SThe Earl of ,7

1 ellers for the Yeas, j Mr: 5 54’

Tellers for the Nees 5 Eor<^ 7 ,

leliers for the ^,.es,jMr J l°7'

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolution Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That this House will

ihe^Ouee'1 fffe&uaHy stand by and support her Majesty in all e Queen. t|,jngS recommended to them in her Majesty’s most

gracious Speech from the Throne.

Publication Resolved, That this Houfo will, upon this Day l Libels. Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof that Part of her Majesty’s Message to the House the Seventeenth of January last, which relates to the great Licence taken in publishing false and scandalous Libels.

The Order of the Day being read;

African Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-Trade. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole > House, to consider of the Trade to Africa.

C ommittees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 13 die Februarii;

Anno io* Annre Regime, 1711.

Army Con- PRAYERS.

tingencies, TV/FR. Brydges presented to the House, pursuant to f* XVjL their Address to her Majesty, and by her Majesty’s Command, an Account shewing what Money has been paid by her Majesty for Contingences, Bread, and Bread Waggons, Forages and other Extraordinaries, both for the English and foreign Troops in Savoy, Piedmont, Italy, Spain, Portugal, and Flanders, since the Twenty-fourth of June 1705, so far as the same has been resumed from Abroad.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Lieut. Col.L. A Petition of Lieutenant Colonel L. Zfa/2i<randCaptain

Amaral&C* I(iwcGignous, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the

Officers of the late Count Nafau’s Regiment of Foot, taken Prisoners at the Battle of Almanza, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have served the Crown of Great Britina all the last and present War, till taken Prisoners in Spain; where, and in France, they continued Three Years, until, the 27th of June 1710, they were exchanged at Douiay: That the Fund given for the Support of their Regiment hath been applied to the railing and Maintenance of another in Portugal; and the Petitioners, after 20 Years Services for the Crown, reduced to the utmost extremities: That there is due to the Petitioners for their Pay, to 226 December last,£.3,703; and the Sum of £.2,618 17 s. 1 od.will be sufficient to maintain them tiil ihe 23d of December 1712.; amounting together to ^.6,321 17 s. 1 od.: And praying the Premises may be considered; and that a Provision may be made for the said sum of £.6,321 17 10 in such manner

as shall be thought lit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are . to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Stanmore A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other

Roads. Inhabitants of the Parishes of Hamfeadand in

the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth that the Road between Kil-Vol. 17.

bourn Bridge and Five Mile Stone, in Length a Mile, or thereabouts, is very ruinous, and cannot be effectually repaired without some other Provision made for that Purpose: And praying, That the Bill, now depending in this House, for repairing the Highway between a certain Place called Five Mile Stone and the Town of Stanmore Magna, in the County of Middlesex, may be extended so far as to mend the said Road, between Five Mile Stone and Kilbourn Bridge.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr- Cafar presented to the House, pursuant to their Charges of Address to her Majesty and by her Majesty’s Commands, War u yearly Lists of her Majesty’s Ships and Vessels employed in carrying on the War in Spain and Portugal, with the Charge thereof; and of victualling the I-and Forces in that Service, and the Garrison of Gibraltar, &c.

And the Title of the said yearly Lilts was read.

The said yearly Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Section.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Recruiting whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for recruit- ^orc#*‘ ing her Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, lor the Year 1712.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Manley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fume* I the Chair.

Mr. Manley reported from the Committee, That they had made a furl her Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary St. John presented to the House, pur- Barrier suant to their Address to her Majesty, and by her Ma- 'treat/, jesty’s Command, a Copy of her Majesty’s Instructions to the Duke of Marlborough and Lord V ifeount Town-Jhend, about the Barrier Treaty: And also,

Extracts of Letters from Mr. Boyle to the Lord Viscount Townfkend, concerning the Barrier Treaty: And also.

Differences between the Barrier Treaty and the Conn* ter-project; and a Translation thereof: And also,

Copy of the Preliminary Articles to a general Peace, signed at the Hague the Twenty-eighth May 1709; and a Translation of the fame.

The Titles of the said Copies and Extrads of Letters were read:

And the said Copies and Extracts of Letters are as follow; viz.

Extract of her Majesty’s Instructions to the Duke of Marlborough and the I-ord Viscount Townshend, dated the ad Day of May 1709.

Whereas, by our particular Instructions to yon John Duke of Marlborough, bearing Date the a lit Day of March 1704, you were, among other Things, to declare to the Pensionary of Holland, and such others of the States General as you should judge proper, for our Service, that it was our Opinion, that no Negotiation of Peace should be entered upon withjFra«ce till the Preli-xninaries were first adjusted between us and the States General: In pursuance of which, we did set forth several Matters of the highest Consequence to us and our Realms; and did infill, that they should be agreed to, as Preliminaries, previous to any Treaty of Peace: And, at the same time you the said John Duke of Marlborough were directed, in our Name, to represent to the Pensionary, and other Members of the States as might be proper, how desirous we were. That such farther Preliminaries should be adjusted, as should be requisite for the Security and Interest of the States, and, as far

X as

Bairier

Treaty.

78 130 Februarii. A. 1711.

as far as was possible, of the rest of the Allies: And, particularly, you were to propose, That without Loss of 'time, a sufficient Barrier for Holland should be settled; for the maintaining of which we were willing to become Guarantee; not doubting, in like manner, but that the States would be Guarantees for the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line: And these our Instructions having been communicated to the Pensionary, and some others of the States; and they having sent over a Project of a Treaty for the Security of the said Succession, and also for securing a sufficient Barrier for Holland; which we having considered, and agreed to, with such Alterations as are reasonable; we canuot doubt but they will give Satisfaction j and are firmly persuaded, that this Treaty, so desirable for the mutual interest of both Nations, will be speedily concluded: Yon, therefore, the said John Duke of Marlborough, and Charles Viscount as soon

as you have received these our Instructions, are to repair, with all possible Diligence, to the Hague; and, upon your arrival there, you are to communicate to the Pensionary, and such others as may be convenient and necessary, how far we have concurred with the Project lately sent over, by agreeing to a sufficient Barrier, and providing for the Interest and Security of our own, and the Dominions of the States General:

And, for the greater Extent and Strength of the intended Barrier, you are likewise hereby directed to infill. That the Towns and Forts of Fumes, Knoque, Vines, Menin, Lille, Tour nay, Conde, Valenciennes, and Mau-beuge, be, at a Treaty of Peace, yielded up, and delivered by France, to Charles the Third, King of to be garrisoned irt such manner as shall be agreed on by the Treaty concerning the said Barrier, to be forthwith made and concluded between us and the States General.

Copy of her Majesty’s private and additional Instruction to the Duke of Marlborough, and the Lord Viscount Townshend, dated the id 709.

Whereas it is expected, that several Towns, now belonging to and in the Hands of ,iliould be

given up and yielded by the Treaty of Peace, to be garrisoned by the Forces of the States General, for the Security of their Barrier: If, therefore, the Revenues of such Towns, their Dependencies and Territories, so delivered up, and garrisoned, be not found sufficient to answer the necessary Expences to be made for that Service; in such same you have Liberty to consent to the adding such further Sum or Sums as shall be thought requisite and reasonable for that Purpose, out of the Incomes and Revenues arising, in general, from the Spanish Low Countries.

Extrafls of Letters from Mr. Boyle, to my Lord Townshend, concerning the Barrier Treaty.

1709.

As to what your Excellency writes in your Letters, of the td and 5th, of the Pensionary’s Opinion concerning the Difficulty there will be to procure the Consent of the several Members of the States to the Article in the Treaty about the Barrier, by which they are obliged to carry on the War till the whole Monarchy is restored; I mull acquaint you. That her Majesty takes it to be a Matter of such great Consequence, as well as Nicety, That llie has not thought fit to make any sudden Determination upon it; but has ordered the Lords of the Cabinet Council to meet, and consider of that Matter; so that, for the present, your Excellency cannot expect any answer to that point.

15»li 1709.

It is very probable, That if the States think it likely that the Treaty with France may soon be renewed, they will be more easy in agreeing to the Treaty about the Barrier, as it now Hands: But if, on the contrary, you find the Pensionary impatient to have her Majesty’s Answer to his Objection to that Article, which concerns the Restitution of the whole Monarchy, and

their Engagements to that end; in that Cafe, and not otherwise, the Lords thiiik your Excellency may pro-17

pose this Expedient, as from yonrself, That the Treaty should be signed as it is now drawn; but, because they feern to fear in Holland, that the Article above mentioned may oblige them to continue the War, in all Events, longer than they are willing or able to do, there may be a secret Article added, by which it shall be agreed, That the Treaty shall be in force but for One Year, except what is llipulated for the Barrier, and the Guaranty of the Snecession; and that to remain perpetual: If this Proposition is approved, your Excellency may offer to fuggell it here, in Expectation of her Majesty’s Pleasure upon it.

1709.

I find that your Excellency thinks it of the last Conseqtience to her Majesty’s Service, That no time should be loft in removing the Difficulties that have hindered the Conclusion of the Treaty for the Barrier; especially, since something which relates to Peace, as your Excellency expresses it, is in agitation, and that the expedient proposed will not be consented to: The Queen has taken this Affair into her most serious Consideration, and has commanded me to acquaint you, That, in regard to the present Circumstances and Dispositions of the People in Holland, and the Difficulty there will be in obtaining the Consent of all the Provinces to some of the Articles in that Treaty, her Majesty is disposed to agree, That nothing shall be made Part of it, but what relates to the Succession, and the Barrier; and her Majesty has no Difficulty in complying with the States in that Point, from any Opposition that may be made to it, either by the Emperor, or King of Spain: But as your Excellency has represented the ill Consequencesof not giving immediate Satisfaction to the Dutch in this Point; so it ought to be considered, on the other hand, what effeCl this Compliance of her Majesty is like to produce in Holland; and whether it may not be apprehended, That, when they have full Satisfaction in relation to their own Security, they will have less Regard to the Interest and Influence of England j and be more ready to precipitate a Peace with France, upon such Terms as may not be of equal Security and Advantage to the rest of the Allies as to themselves: Upon this Account, her Majesty thinks it reasonable to expect, That, before you impart these her Sentiments and Apprehensions to the Pensionary, or any other, your Excellency should give her Majesty your Opinion, how far she may depend upon the Steadiness of the Dutch, after (he has gratified them in what they most desire; and whether, from the bed Information you can get, you think the States will adhere to all the material Articles contained in the Preliminary Treaty, whenever the Negotiations of Peace shall be renewed.

ill November 1709.

The Copy of the Barrier Treaty, with your Excellency’s Letter of the iftlnstant, which accompanied it, has been read to her Majesty; and is referred to the Lords of the Committee of Council, to be considered, and compared with former Draughts, and Inllruc-tions upon that Occasion; and the Observations and Reasons contained in your Excellency’s Letter, cannot fail to have great Weight at the Meeting of the Lords, which is appointed for Thursday, in order to make their Report to the Queen on Sunday next; which is as much Dispatch as the Nature of an Affair of such Importance can admit: In the mean time, your Excellency may assure the Pensionary of her Majesty’s Inclination and Readiness, upon this and all other Occasions, to shew the greatest Marks of her friendship to the States: And you will acquaint him, at the same lime. That no Return from them can be more grateful to her Majesty, at this time, than their speedy and vigorous Resolutions, in agreeing to the State of the War the next 1 ear.

8th November 1709.

I omitted by the last Pod to acknowledge the Receipt of the original Treaty, with your Excellency’s Letter of the-8til, which came at the same time: That Matter has been undci Consideration; and the Lords of the Council

to

i o Ann. i 3

to whom it was referred, cannot but observe, there are many Particulars in this Treaty, in relation orily to the Barrier, and of some great Moment, which differ very much from the Counter- Project approved of here: And ’tis thought. That what relates to the Trade, in

the 15th Article, is not only foreign to the rest of the Treaty, but is of lb nice, and of so extensive, a Nature, as to require a (lift i net, and more deli berate Consideration, than the necessary Dispatch of the present Treaty will allow of; and the States have seemed all along to desire, if not to infill, that the Treaty now in question should be confined to the Guarantee of our Succession, and the Security of their Barrier: But as her Majesty has yet taken no Resolution in this great Affair, fol shall trouble your Excellency no further about it a present.

15 th Novembert 1709.

The Lords of the Council attended her Majesty this Night, and fat so late upon the Consideration of the Treaty signed by your Excellency, That I have only lime to inform you, before the going away of the Post, That her Majesty has determined to ratify it; and I am ordered to prepare the Ratification for Her Majesty’s Signing, which shall be sent over by a Messenger as soon as possible: Only the separate Article which concerns the Upper Quarter of Guelder, &c. will not be ratified.

18 , 1709.

The Treaty for the Succession, and the Barrier, which yonr Excellency lately signed, and sent over hither, having been laid before the Lords of the Council, to whom the Queen had referred it; their Lordships could not but take Notice of several Alterations and new Matters in il, which were not contained in the Counter-Project, or the lustructions your Excellency had received upon it: And their Lordships having reported their Observations to the Queen last at a Committee of Council, her Majesty was pleased to take that whole Business into her Consideration; and reflecting, that since your Excellency had signed the Treater, the States could not but expert, and conclude, that itmuft meet with her Majesty’s Approbation; and that, they having sent it, of course, to their several Provinces for their Consent, and received, the fame, in order to the Ratification, there could be no Hopes of their receding from what they had so solemnly done; but that our infilling on Alterations mull necessarily occasion the breaking off entirely this Treaty for the Guarantee of the Protestant Succession to the Crown of Great and settling a Barrier for the Security of the States General, which are Points of too great Importance to be hazarded at this Juncture; when Coldness, Jealousies, and Misunderstandings, between her Majesty and the States, might be of the last ill Consequence; especially, when some Steps have been lately taken, which seem to tend towards renewing the Negotiations of Peace, and finishing our great Work, which has been carried on so many Years, with such vast Expence of Blood and Treasure: For these Ileafons her Majesty ordered the Treaty to he ratified, notwithstanding some material Objections that were made to several Parts of it: And 1 accordingly fend your Excellency, herewith, by a Messenger express, her Majesty’s Ratifications of the Treaty, and of One of the separate Articles: And you will please to let the Pensionary know, at the same time that von will make him sensible that her Majesty had many weighty Reasonsto havesuspendedherRatification of this Treaty. That her earned Desire to preserve and establish a most lading Amity, and entire Confidence, with the States, prevailed over all other Objections: And as her Majesty cannot but think this to be a mostsignal Proof of her Eriendship; so (lie has Reason to expect, at the Treaty of Peace, that, besideswhatyour Excellency mentioned in yours, of the iftlnstant, N. S. concerning the Pretei.fions of Great Britain in the West Indies, the States will readily and vigorously concur in obtaining such other Advantages from France for her Subjects, as are suitable to her just Demands; particularly in relation toa more beneficial trade with that Kingdom. Vol. 17.

As to the first separate Article concerning the Upper Barrier Guelder, and the Garrisons in Huy, the Citadel of Liege, and Bon ;her Majesty could not but observe, That it is much enlarged, and very different from what her Majesty was willing to undertake by that Article, as settled in the Counter-Project: And though, as your Excellency fays, the several Particulars are already contained in the Preliminary Articles; yet that is so far from being thought an Argument to induce her Majesty to agree to it, as Part of the Barrier Treaty, That her Majesty thinks the States may very well rest satisfied with the Security of what has been stipulated by the Preliminaries, without obliging her Majesty to enter into separate Engagements on those Points; since there is as much Reason to expert, that her Majesty Aiould treat anew upon all the other Articles contained in the Preliminaries, as upon those Particulars; besides, that they seem to be of such a Nature, as by this unnecessary Precaution, only to increase Disgusts, and give a Handle to Misunderstandings, among some of the Allies.

Your Excellency is undoubtedly very sensible of the great Uneasiness the King of Prussia expressed upon that Head; and you know the Answer which was returned, in her Majesty’s Name, to Monsieur Repre-

sentations; to which this new and strong Engagement, without any the least Regard had to that King’s Pretentions, would appear to be so contradictory, that her Majesty cannot think the States will infill on her Compliance, especially in this nice and important Conjuncture; when the Situation of Affairs in the North, as well as the War against France, seem to require, that that Prince ihouhl rather be managed with a due Ten-demefs and Indulgence, than (hocked with an unfea-sonable Repetition of what has already disgusted him so much: Neither does her Majesty think it proper to engage herself further, at present, in that other Part, wherein the Emperor, and the Empire, are chiefly concerned; and which may give Offence to the neighbouring Princes, if he should promise the same Efforts in that Matier, as for the Barrier against France itfelfj Upon these Considerations, her Majesty did not think fit to ratify this separate Article: But, perhaps, your Excellency wilt not judge it proper to explain all this to the Pensionary, nor to say any more upon it, than.

That it being contained in the Preliminary Treaty, it is neither necessary, or proper, for her Majesty to enter into a particular Engagement on that Head.

26 November, 1709.

Her Majesty is not a little surprised to find, that the Pensionary expressed himself so warmly upon the separate Articles not being ratified, after the had sent over the Ratification of the Barrier Treaty, and thereby expressed the greatest Mark of her Friendship, and Compliance with the Demands of the States, notwithstanding the Objections the might justly make to several Parts of that Treaty.

The Messenger I sent over muftbewith you by this time; and upon the Receipt of your Excellency’s Answer to my Letter, which he carried with him, of the 18th, her Majesty will signify her Pleasure to you in Form, upon the Point in Dispute: But it is proper for your Excellency to know before hand, That her Majesty will, at last, ratify the separate Article, rather than break with the States at this Juncture, or give them any Handle to fruftraie our Endeavours for obtaining a safe and lading Peace; though nothing can be more unreasonable and anjuftifiable than such menacing Insinuations: And your Excellency may let the Pensionary know, that you don’t at all doubt, that when her Majesty is informed, that they have that separate Article so much at Heart, and that it is so absolutely necessary for the Security of their State, the will not refuse, upon their further Representations, to rarity it: But this is not to be said, unless you apprehend some ill Consequences from the Refusal that has hitherto been made of ratifying that Article.

I shall only add, That her Majesty is more delirous than ever that the States would not infill upon that Ratification; since Monsieur Spanheim has, upon the Receipt

of

Barrier

Treaty.

8o 13° Februarii.

of his last Letters, declared to me, in his Mailer’s Name, That his Troops shall not continue in the Service of the Allies another Campaign, unless before that Time, his Majesty has fall Satisfaction in his Pretensions to Guelder, and the Principality of Orange.

19th , 1709.

I don’t question but your Excellency will think yourself sufficiently authorized, by my last of the 26th, to give the Pensionary very good Satisfaction concerning the Ratification of the separate Article: But finding, by those two last Letters, That the Messenger with the Ratification of the Treaty was not arrived, the Queen

1711.

is unwilling, upon what your Ecxellency represents from the Pensionary, to defer any longer the Signing the Ratification of the separate Article, which shall be feat over by the first Opportunity.

9 December, 1709.

I have nothing more to say to your Excellency at present, than to acquaint you, That, her Majesty having been pleased to ratify the separate Article of the Barrier Treaty, concerning the Upper Quarter of Guelder, it,c, 1 fend you the Instrument of Ratification, by the Bearer, who is Mr. Pudency's Secretary, and is now returning to Copenhagen.

Translation of the Differences between the Barrier Treaty, and the Counter-Project.

Upon a Project of a Treaty for the Succession, and Barrier, sent from Holland; a Counter-PrqjeCl was formed here, and given as an Instruction to Her Majesty’s Plenipotentiaries, which differs from the Treaty, as it now Hands, in the following Articles:

Preamble.

Treaty.

Should have a strong and sufficient Barrier against France, and others, wlto would surprise or attack them.

Left out of the Treaty.

shall use her Endeavours to procure:

May put and keep Garrison, change, augment, and diminish it, as they shall judge proper, in the Places following;

Newport, Furnes, with the Fort of Knock, Ipres, Alenin, the Town and Citadel of Lijle, Tournay and its Citadel, Conde, Valenciennes, and the Places which shall hereafter be conquered from France j Maubeuge, Char-leroy, Namur and its Citadel; Here, Halle, to be fortified: the Fort of Perle, Philippe, Damme, the Cattle of Gaud and Dendermonde; the Fort of St. being joined to the Fortifications of Sluice, and being entirely incorporated with it, shall remain, and be ielded, in Property to the States; the Fort of Roden-

uyfen, on this Side Gand, shall be demolished.

The said Lords the States General may also, in case of an apparent Attack, or War, put as many Troops as they shall think necessary into all the Towns, Places, and Forts, of the Spanish Low Countries, where the Usage of War shall require it.

They may likewise fend into the Towns, Forts, and Places, where they shall have their Garrisons, without any Hindrance, and without paying any Duties, Provisions, warlike Ammunitions, Arms, and Artillery, Materials for the Fortifications, and all that shall be found convenient and necessary for the said Garrisons and Fortifications.

Counter-ProjeCl.

Should have a strong and sufficient Barrier against France, in case (he would surprise them.

And the abovesaid Queen of Great Britain, and the said Lords the States General, duly reflecting upon the Advantage which France has always made use of, to fow Discord, and foment Jealously, among the Allies, during the Negotiations of the preceding Treaties of Peace, for want of necessary and reasonable Preliminaries being well established among the Allies.

Will assist in procuring:

May put and keep Garrison in the Places following;

Newport, Knock, Alenin, the Citadel of Lijle, Tour-nay, Conde, Valenciennes, Namur and its Citadel; Lierre, Halle, to be fortified; the Fort of Perle, Damme, the Castle of Gand.

7*

The said Lords the States General may put irrto the said Towns, Forts, and Places, and, in case of open War with France, into all the other Towns, Places and Forts, whatever the Reasons of War shall require.

8.

And they may likewise fend into the said Towns; Forts, and Places above-mentioned, without any Hindrance, and without paying any Duties, Provisions, warlike Ammunitions, Arms, and Artillery, Materials for the Fortifications, and all that should be found necessary for the said Garrisons and Fortifications.

The said Lords the States General may also put in the Towns, Forts, and Places, of their Barrier, mentioned in the foregoing Sixth Article, where they shall have their Garrisons, such Governors and Commanders, Majors and other Officers, as they shall think fit; who shall not be subject to any other Orders relating to the Security, and military Government, of the said Places, whatsoever they may be, or from whencesoever they may come, but only to those of their High Mightinesse, exclusive of all others; yet without Prejudice to the Rights and Privileges, as well ecclesiastick as political, of King Charles the Third. j

The Lords the States General shall enjoy all the Revenues of the Towns, Places, Chatellenys and their De-pencies, which they have for their Barrier from France, whereof the Crown of Spain was not in Polfeftion at the Time of the Death of the late King Charles the Second; and, besides, a Million of Livres shall be settled, to be paid 100 thousand Crowns e.very Three Months, out

of

The said Lords the States General may also putin the said Towns, Forts, and Places, of their Barrier, where they shall have their Garrisons, such Governors and Commanders, as they shall think fit; who shall not be subject to any other Orders relating to the Security and military Government, of the said Places, whatsoever they may be, or from whencesoever they may come, but only to those of their High Mightinesses, exclusive of all others; yet without Prejudice to the Rights and Privileges, as well ecclesiastick as politick, and to the Revenues of King Charles the Third, in reflect of the said Towns.

All the Revenues of the Chatellenys, and Dependencies of the Towns, and Places, which the Lords the States General shall have for their Barrier from France, and which were not in the Pofibttion of the Crown of at the Time of the Death of the Catholick King of Spain

Charles the lid, shall be settled for a Fund, to pro;.___-

vide for the Fortifications, as also for the Magazines,

andl

i 3 ® Februarii.

ioAnn.

Treaty.

of the cleared Revenues of the;

which the said King was then in Possession of: Botii which are to serve for maintaining the Garrisons of the States, and providing for the Fortifications, as also the M agazines, and other necessary Expenses, in the Towns and Places above-mentioned: And, to the end that the Fxpenfes to be made may be supplied from the said Revenues, Endeavours shall be used for enlarging the Dependencies, and Chatellenys, above mentioned, as much as possible; and particularly, for ilipulating. That the Chatelleny of CaJJell, and the Wood of , may go along with the Chatelleny of I pres; and the Jurisdiction of Douay, with the Chatelleny of both the one and the other, having been annexed, thereto before the present War.

A

And, to the end that the said Lords the States may bn joy, from this present Time, as much as possible, a Barrier for the Spanish Lolo Countries, they shall be permitted to put their Garrisons into the Towhs already taken, and which may be taken before the Peace be concluded, and put in Execution: And, in the mean while, the said King Charles the Third shall not enter into Possession of the Spanish Low Countries, neither the Whole, nor in Part; and during that Time, the Queen shall assist their High Mightinesse, in maintaining them in the Enjoyment of the Revenues, and in finding the Million of Livres a Year, above mentioned.

15.

And whereas their High Mightinesse have (lipulated by the Treaty of Munjler, in the 14th Article, That the River Schelde, as also the Canals of Sas, Swxjn, and other Mouths of the Sea joining the teunto, should be kept iliut oh the Side of the States;

And, in the 15th Article, That the Ships and Commodities going in, and coming out of, the Harbours «of Flanders, shall be and remain charged with all such 3mpolls, and other Duties, as are raised upon Commodities going and coming along the Schelde, and the other Canals above-meni ioned:

The Queen of Great Britain promises and engages. That their High Mightinesse shall never be diliurbed in their Right and Pbflefllon in that respect, neither directly, nor indirectly; but that they shall continue fully to enjoy the fame; as also, that, in Prejudice of the said Treaty, the Commerce shall not be made more easy by the Sea Ports, than by the said River, Canals, and Mouths of the Sea, on the Side of the States of the United Provinces, neither directly, nor indirectly.

And whereas, by the 16th and 17th Articles of the same Treaty of Munjler, his Majesty the King of Spain is obliged to treat the Subjects of their High Mighti-nesses as favourably as the Subjects of Great Britain, and the Hans Towns, who were then the People most favourably treated: Her Britannick Majesty, and theif High Mightinesses, promise likewise to take care, that the Subjects of Great Britain, and of their High Mightiness, shall be treated in the Spanish Low Countries, as well as in all Spain, the Kingdoms and States belonging the reunto, equally, and, both the one and the other, as favourably as the Nations which are the most favoured.

Not in the Treaty*

Vol. 17. jPromised

8.i,

Counter Project. and other nefceflary Expenses of the said Towns of the Barrier,

The Whole, nevertheless, without Prejudice to such other Treaties and Conventions as the Queen of Great Britain, and their High Mightinesse, may think fit to make hfereafter with the said King Charles the Illd, in relation to the aforfesaid Spanish Netherlands; or to the said Barrier.

*5-

And, to the end that the said Lords the States may enjoy, from this present Time, as much as possible, a Barrier for the Spanish Low Countries, they shall be permitted to put their Garrisons into the principal Towns already taken, and which may be taken before the Peace be concluded, and put in Execution.

Not in the Counter Project.

And as by the 5th and 9th Articles of the afore-mentioned Alliance, concluded between the Emperor, the said late King of Great Britain, and the Lords the States General, the 7th September 1701, it is agreed and ftipu-lated, That the Kingdoms of Naples and Sicily, with all the Dependencies of the Crown of Spain and Italy, shall be recovered out of the Possession of France, as being of

Y the

Barrier

Treaty*

Harrier

Treaty.

8a 130 FebruariuA.

Treaty.

21.

Promised to remove out of its Dominions the Person who pretends to be lung of Great Britain: And that no Negotiation, nor formal Discussion of the Articles of the fair! Treaty of Peace, shall be entered into, but jointly, and at the same time, with the said Queen, or with her Ministers.

Not is the Treaty.

Separate Article.

As in the Preliminary Articles ligned here, at the Hague, the 28th of May 1709, by the Plenipotentiaries of his Imperial Majesty, of her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, and of the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, it is stipulated, amongst other Things, That the Lords the States General shall have the entire Property and Sovereignty of the Upper Quarter of Guelder, according to the 5td Article of the Treaty of Munster, of the Year 1648; as also, that the Garrisons which sue, or hereafter shall be, on the Part of the Lords the States General, in the Town of Huy, the Citadel of Liege, and in the Town of Bonn, shall remain there, till it shall be otherwise settled with his Imperial Majesty, and the Empire:

And as the Barrier which has been this Day agreed to, in the principal Treaty for the mutual Guarantee between her British Majesty, and the Lords the States General, cannot give to the United Provinces the Security for which it is established, unless it be well and cloftly formed from one End to the other, and that the Communication thereof be well joined together; towards which, the Upper Quarter of Guelder, and the Garrisons in the Citadel of Liege, Huy, and Bonne, are absolutely necessary; Experience having thrice shewn, that France having a Detign to attack the United Provinces, has made use of the Places above mentioned, in order to come at them, and to penetrate into the said Provinces: That further, in respect to the Equivalent for which 20 the

Counter Prqje6h the last Consequence to the Trade of the Two Nations as likewise, the Spanish Netherlands for a Barrier to

the Lords the States General:

Therefore, the said Queen of Great Britain, and the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, agree, and oblige themselves, not toenter into any Negotiation, or Treaty of Peace, with France, until the Rellitution Of the said Kingdoms of Naples and Sicily, with all the Dependencies of the Crown of Spain in as like-

wife, the Spanish Low Countries, with the other Towns, and Places in the Possession of France, above mentioned in this Treaty, and in the manner as specified in this; Treaty; as also, all the rest of the entire Monarchy of Spain; be yielded by France, as a Preliminary.

2t.

Stipulated to remove out of its Dominions the Person who pretends to be King of Great Britain.

22.

And as Experience has shewn of what Importance it is to Great Britain and to the United Provinces, That^ the Fortress and Port of Dunkirk should not be in the Possession of France, in the Condition they are in at present; the Subjects of the two Nations having fuss-tained such great Lodes, and suffered so much in their' Commerce, by the Ships taken from them, as Prize, by the Privateers and Ships fitted out of that Port, during the last, and the present War; and as the Situation of this Port is such, that France, by its boundless Ambition, may always be tempted to undertake forne Enterprize against the Dominions of the Queen of Great Britain, or of the Lords the States General, and to interrupt the Publick Peace and Tranquillity; for the Preservation of which, and of the Balance of Europe against the exorbitant Power of France, the Allies engaged in this long and burthensome War: Therefore, the abovesaid Queen of Great Britain, and the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, do agree, and oblige themselves, not toenter into any Negotiation, or Treaty of Peace, with France, until it shall be yielded and stipulated by France, as a Preliminary, That all the Fortifications of the said Town of Dunkirk, and of the Forts depending thereon, shall be entirely demo-Iished and rased; and that the Port shall be entirely ruined, and made impracticable.

Separate Article.

As in the 52d Article of the Treaty of , of

the Year 1648, if has been already stipulated. That the Upper Quarter of Guelder shall be exchanged for an Equivalent; the Queen of Great Britain will employ alf her good Offices, to the end that what is here mentioned may be regulated to the reciprocal Saliffastion of King Charles the Third, and the Lords the States General.

Counter

ioAnn. i 36 Febfuarii. 83

Treaty!

the Upper Quarter of Guelder is to be yielded to the United Provinces, according to the 52d Article of the

Treaty of Munster above-mentioned, his Majesty King Charles the Third will be much more gratified, and receive greater Advantages in other Places, than that Equivalent can amount to: Wherefore, that the Lords the States General may have the entire Property and Sovereignty of the U pper Quarter of Guelder; and that the faitl Upper Quarter of Guelder may be yielded, in this manner, to the said Lords the States General, in tile Convention, or Treaty, that they are to make with his Majesty King Charles the Third, according to the 13tfi Article of the Treaty concluded this Day; as also, that their Garrisonsinthe Citadel of Liege, in that and

in Bonne, may remain there, until it be otherwise settled

with his imperial Majesty, and the Empire) her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain engages and promises, by thisfeparate Article, which shall have the same Force as. if it was inserted in the principal Treaty, to make the same Efforts for this, as the has engaged to make for procuring to them the Barrier in the Low Countries,

Second separate Article.

Whereas the Lords the States General have repfefented.Thatin Flanders the Limits between and that of the States are settled in fuel) manner, as that the Land belonging to the States is extremely streight-ened; so that in some Places the Territory of Spanish Flanders reaches to the Fortifications, and under the Cannon, of the Places, Towns, and Forts, of the States) which occasions many 1 neon veniences; whereof an Example has been fcen, a litt le before the Beginning of the present War, when a Fort was going to be built under the Cannon of the Sasde Guild, on Pretence that it was

upon the Territory of Spain: And as, for avoiding these and other Inconveniences, it is necessary that the Land «f the Stales, on the Confines of should be en-

larged; and that thereby the Plates, Towns, and Forts, should be better covered: Her Britannick Majesty, entering into the just Motives of the said Lords the States General, in this respect, promises and engages, by this separate Article, that, in the Convention that the said Lords the States General are to make with his Majesty King Charles the Third, fire will nftilttb'em in having it agreed, that by yielding to the said Lords the States General the Propriety of an Extent of Land, necessary td obviate such-like and other Inconveniences, their Limits, in Flanders may be enlarged more conveniently for their

Security; and those of the Spanish Flanders removed further from their Towns, Places, and Forts; to the end that the same may not be so exposed for the future.

Counter Project. IWiiop

’i Italy.

Not in the Counter Project.

Translation of the Preliminary Articles to serve for the Treaty of a General Peace.

l.

A good, firm, and lasting Peace, Confederacy, and perpetual Alliance, and Amity, shall be forthwith treated and established between his Imperial Majesty, as also between all and every of his Imperial Majesty’s Allies; principally the Kingdom of Great Britain, and the t^ords

the States General of the United Provinces, on one Part.; and his Mott Christian Majesty, with his Allies, on the other Part*. And, as the present Conjunctures have not permitted his Imperial Majesty to take previously the Approbation and C’onfent of the Empire upon all that re-latestoitinfeveralArticlescontained in these Preliminaries he shall endeavour to obtain, according to the usage established in the Empire, as foonaspolfible, the Consent and Approbation of the said Empire, before the Execution of the Articles which particularly concern the Empire.

II.

And for the speedy attaining this good End, and enjoying it, from this time, as much as possible. Preliminary Articles are agreed, which are to serve fora Foundation of the Treaties of a general Peace.

m.

First, in Consuleration and in pursuance of the said good Peace, aiul iiuceie Reunion of all Parties, the most Von. 1?.

Christian Kinglliall, from this time, acknowledge, pub- Prelimim.rv lickly and authentickly, as also afterwards in the Trea- Article* for ties of Peace to be made, King Charles the Third in the p*1 Quality of King of Spain, the Indies, and Sicily.,

and generally of all the Territories dependent and comprehended under the Name of the Monarchy of Spain, in what Part of the World foot er situated; except what is to be given to the Crown of Po* and the Duke of Savoy, pursuant to the Treaties made between the High Allies: and the Barrier which the said King Charles the Third is to put into the Mauds of the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, in the Lore Countries, according to the Tenor of the Grand Alii* anee in the Year 1701; and what shall be said here* after touching the Upper Quarter of Guelder’, and the Conventions to be made with the said King Charles the Third; without excepting any thing more; in the same manner, and with all the Rights which the late King of Spain, Charles the I Id, did poiTefs it, or ought to possess as well forhimself, as his Heirs and Success’ors, according to the Will of Phillip the IVth, and the Compacts <-f-tablifried and received in themoftSoreneHouseof^/'/'/ni/.

IV.

And forasmuch as the Duke of Anjou is at present in

i’ofitfiion

preliminary Article* fat General Peace.

84 130 FebrUa . 1711.

Possession of a great Part of the Kiilgdottis of Spain, of Person shall appear at the Gates of the said City of the Coasts of Tufcaiu/, of the Indies, and Part of the Ne- , and Forts, provided with full Power from

therlands, it is reciprocally agreed, That, to secure the his Imperial Majesty, and from the Empire, according Execution of the said Articles, and of the Treaties of to the usual Form: to take Possession of them.

Peace to be made, the said Treaties shall be finished within the term of Two Months, to commence from the First Day of the Month of June next, if it be possible; during which time his most Christian Majesty shall so order it. That the Kingdom of Sicily shall be restored to hisCatholick Majesty Charles the Third ;and the said Duke shall depart in Cull Safety and Freedom out of the Limits of the Kingdom of Spain with his Consort, the Princes his Children, their Effects, and, in general, all Persons who are willing to follow them: So that if the said Term expires and the said Duke of Anjou does not consent to the Execution of the present Convention, the naoft Christittn King, and the Princes and States now treating, shall take, in Concert, the proper Measures to secure the entire Effect of it; and that all Europe, by fulfilling of the said Treaties of Peace, may immedi-atf ly enjoy perfect Tranquillity.

In order to forward the Establifiiraent of the said Tran* quillity, his mostChristian Majesty shall, within the Term of the said Two Months, withdraw the Troops and Officers which he has at present in Spain, and also those who are in the Kingdom of Sicily, as well as in the other Places, Countries, and States, depending upon the said Monarchy in Europe; and from the Indies as soon as possible; promising, on the Faith and Word of a King, not to fend from henceforward to the Duke of Anjou, if he refuses to acquiesce herein, or to his Adherents, any Succours, either of Troops, Artillery, warlike Ammunition, or of Money, directly or indirectly.

The Monarchy of Spain shall remain entire in the House of Austria, in the manner as is above mentioned: None of its Parts shall ever be dismembered; nor the said Monarchy in the Whole, or in Part, be united to that of France; nor shall one and the same King, or a Prince, of the House of France become Sovereign thereof, in any manner whatsoever, either by Will, Legacy, Succession, Marriage Agreements, Donations, Sales, Contrails, or otherways whatsoever; nor shall a Prince who shall reign in France, nor a Prince of the House of France, ever reign likewise in Spain, or acquire within the Extent of the said Monarchy any Towns, Forts, Places, or Countries, in any Part of the fame, especially in the Low Countries, by virtue of any Gifts, Sale, Exchange, Matrimonial Agreements, Inheritance, Legacy, Successions by Will, or ab Intejiato, in whatever kind or manner soever they may be, as well for himself, as for the Princes his Children and Brothers, their Heirs and Defendants.

VII.

Particularly, France shall never become Master of the Spanish West Indies', nor fend any Ships to exercise Trade there, under any Preteuce whatsoever.

VIII.

His most Christian Majesty, being willing to give certain Marks of the Design he has to maintain a (irm and lading Peace, and to put an End to all Jealously of his Intentions, consents to deliver up to his Imperial Majesty, and to the Empire, the City and Citadel of

bourg, in the Condition it is in at present, with the Fort of Kehl, and its Dependencies and Appurtenances, situ-

ated on both Sides of the Rhine, without any Demand of Charge or Expences, under what Pretext soever, with a Hundred PiecesofBrafsCannonofdifferent Sizes; to wit, Fifty Pieces of Four-and-twenty and Twelve-Pound Ball, and Fifty Pieces of Eight and of Four-Pound Ball, and Ammunition in proportion; in order to be re-established in the Rank, Prerogatives, and Privileges, of an Im|>erial City, which it enjoyed beforeitcameuuderthe Dominion of his moll Christian Majesty: Which City o and Forts, shall be delivered up, and evacuated, as soon after the Ratifications of the Emperor, and the Empire, which shall be exchanged at the Hague, as any

IX;

That the Town of Brifac, with its Territories, shall be evacuated by his most Christian Majesty, and by him restored to his Imperial Majesty, and the House of Austria 5 with all the Cannon, Artillery, and Stores of War, that, shall be found in it by the End of June, at farthest; in order to enjoy the same henceforward, in full Property, in the same manner his Imperial Majesty enjoyed, or ought to have enjoyed, the fame, in Execution of the Treaty of Peace, concluded at; with the Cannou, Artillery, and warlike Stores, now in it.

X.

His most Christian Majesty shall, from hence forward, possess AIJ'ace in the literal Seufeof the Treaty of West-pJialia; so that he shall content himself with the Right of Prefecture over the Ten Imperial Towns of the said Alfacc\ yet without extending the said Rights to the-Prejudice of the Prerogatives, Rights, and Privileges, which belong to them, as to the other free Cities of the Empire; and to enjoy the said Rights, as also the Prerogatives, Revenues, and Demesnes, in the same manner as his said Majesty ought to have enjoyed the same at the time of the Conclusion of the said Treaties; the Fortifications of the said Cities being also to be put into the same Condition as they were then in; excepting, nevertheless, the City of iM the Possession and Property of which shall for ever belong to his Imperial Majesty, and to the Empire; with Power to deraolish the said Place, if the Emperor, and Empire shall think fit.

X|.

That, in pursuance of the said Treaties of Wefipha-

lia, his said most Christian Majesty shall cause to be <le-moiiftied, within the time agreed, at his own Expence, the Fortresses which he has at present on the Rhine, from Bajle to Philipjburgh; namely, IIunningnem,

BriJ'uc, and Fort Louis', with all the Works belonging to the said Fort, as well on this Side as on the other Side of the Rhine; so that they may never be rebuilt.

XII.

That the Town and Fortress of with what

depends thereon, shall remain to the Landgrave of IhjJ'e CaJJ'elL, until it dial I be agreed otherwise.

XIII.

The Queen of Great Britain, and the Lords the States General, affirming, That the Clause inserted in the Fourth Article of the Treaty of Ryswick, relating to Religion, is contrary to the Tenor of the Peace of Westphalia: and that, consequently, it ought to be revoked; it is thought fit, that this Affair shall be referred to the Negotiation of the general Peace.

XIV.

As to Great Britain, his most Christian Majesty (half, from this time, and in the Negotiation of the Treat ies of Peace to be made, acknowledge the Queen of Great Britain in that Quality.

XV.

His said Majesty shall also acknowledge the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line, as ’tis settled by the Acts of the Parliament of Great Britain.

XVI.

The most Christian King shall yield to the Crown of Great Britain what France possesses in the Island of Newfoundland; and on the Part of the Queen of Great Britain, as well as on the Part of his most Christian Majesty, all the Countries, Islands, Forts, and Colonies, which have been possessed by the Arm? of either Side, during the present War, in what Part soever of the Indies situated, tliall be restored.

XVII.

His said Majesty promises to cause all the Fortifications of the Town of Dunkirk, of the Port, and of the Rijbanks, and what may belong to the fame, to be rased at his own Expence, without Exception, in such manner, that

One

to Ann. I30 Februarii.

One Half of the said Fortifications shall be razed, and One Half of the Harbour filled up within the Space of Two Months; and the other Half of the Fortifications shall be razed, as well as the other Half of the Harbour filled up, in the Space'of Two Months more; the Whole to the Satisfaction of the Queen of Great , and

of the Lords the Slates General of the United Provinces: Nor shall it he permitted ever to rebuild the Fortifications, or make the Harbour navigable again, directly or indirectly.

XVIII.

The Person who pretends to be King of Great Britain, having desired to depart the Kingdom of France, and prevented the Demand which the Queen of Great Britain, and the British Nation, have made, shall retire into inch Country, and in such manner, as by the next eufuing Treaty of a General Peace shall be agreed, as to the Means of his said Retreat.

XIX.

In the principal Negotiation of the Treaties to be made, it shall be endeavoured to agree upon a Treaty of Commerce with Great Britain.

XX.

As to the King of Portugal, his most Christian Majesty shall consent, That he shall enjoy all the Advantages (lipulated in his Favour by the Treaties made between him and his Allies.

XXI.

His Majesty shall acknowledge the King of in that Quality; and shall promise not to disturb him in the Possession of the Principality of , and

of the County of Falengin.

XXII.

And as to the Lords the States General, his Majesty shall yield to them, in the plained Terms as may be, the Places of Fumes, and the Fume Ambagt, the Fort of Knocke being comprehended therein; with its

Verge; Yprcsv/xth itsChattellany and its Dependencies; which from henceforward shall be or Belle;

Warneton, Comines, Warxvyck, Poperingen, and whatever depends upon the Places above mentioned; the Town and Chattellany of Cajfel remaining to his most ChriC-tian Majesty; Lijle with its Chat tel fairy, the Town and Jarifdictions of Doway excepted; Tout nay, and

Maubeuge, with all their Dependencies; the Whole in the Condition the said Places are in at present; particularly with the Cannon, Artillery, and Stores of War, which are therein; to serve also, with the rest of the Spani/hNetherlands, as a Barrier to the LofcIs the States General; and upon which they may agree with the said King Charles, according to the Tenor of the Grand Alliance, as well in respect to the Garrison the said Lords the States General shall keep therein, as to a!) other Matters in the Spanish Low Countries; and particularly, as to their having (he full Property and Sovereignty of the Upper Quarter of Guelder, according to the 52d Article of the Treaty of Mu in the Year 1648; as from time to time they shall think fit: but it is to be underdood, that if there is a general Magazine at Tour-nay, it shall be agreed what Quantity and Quality of Artillery and Ammunition shall be left in the said Place.

XXIII.

His most Chridian Majesty shall 1 ikewife redoreaH the Towns, Forts, and Places, which he shall have possessed hirnfelfof in the SpanijhLozc Cin the Condition

they are now in, wit h I he Cannon, Artillery and warlike Stores: But it is to be underdood, that if, since the Entrance of the Troops of the most Chridian King into Namur, any Magazine has been made, or Stores of Artillery and Ammunition laid up, in the said Town and Castle, more than for their Defence, they flinll be removed, by the Officers of the rood ClirilcianKing in concert with those of the States General, at (he time of the Evacuation; which shall not on this Account be retarded, but shall be done within the Time regulated: The Whole on thisexprefs Condition, that the fholick Religion mall be preferred in all the said Places

Vol. 17.

delivered up, and in their Dependencies, in the same Preliminary manner as it is established there; except that the Gar- for

rifons of the States may exercise their own Religion, as well in the Places yielded up for the Enlarging of the Barrier, as in the Plaees of the Spanish Countries which shall be redored.

XXIV.

And to the end that this Convention may have its full Effect, his most Christian Majesty promises. That he will not, from this time, cause any Cannon, Artillery, or Stores of War, to be removed out of the Towns and Forts which are to be redored, and yielded up, by virtue of these Articles.

xxv.

His Majesty shall grant to the said Lords the States General, in relation to their Commerce, what is ftipu-lated by the Treaty of Ryswick; the Tariff of 1664; the Suppression Suppression of the Tariffs made since the Revocation of all poderior Edicts, Declarations, and Decrees, that are contrary to the said Tariff of 1664; and like wife the annulling of the Tariff made between France, and the said Lords the States General, the 29th May 1699 ;so that, in respect to them, the Tariff of 1664 diall only take place; together with the Exemption of 50 So Is per Ton upon Dutch Vessels trading in the Ports of France.

XXVI.

His Majesty shall, at the Signing of the Treaties Of Peace, acknowledge the Ninth Electorate, erected in Favour of his Electoral Highness of Hanover.

XXVII.

The Duke of Savoy shall be again put into the Pof* fession of the Duchy of Savoy, of the County of Nice, and of all the Places and Countries which belong to him hereditarily, and which his Majesty shall have possessed himself of by his Arms during the Course of this present War, without any Reserve; consenting besides That his Royal Highness shall enjoy all the Countries, Dominions, and Places, which have been yielded him by the Emperor, and his Allies.

XXVIII.

That the King yield to Monsieur the Duke of Savoy the Propriety and Sovereignty of the Towns of Exilles, Fenejirelles, and Chaumont, now possessed by the Arms of his Royal Highness, as well as of the Valley of Pra-gelas; as also of whatever is on this Side the Mountains Genevre, and other Mountains; in such manner, as that from henceforward the said Mountains may serve for a Barrier, and for Limits, between the Kingdom Of France; and the Principality of Piedmont.

XXIX.

As to the late Electors of Cologne and Bavaria, their Demands and Pretensions diall be referred to the Negotiation of the Treaties of Peace: And the Dispositions and Decrees of his Imperial Majesty, and the Empire, made and issued during this War, diall be maintained with respect to his Electoral Highness Palatine; who shall remain in Possession of the XJppev Palatinate, the County of Cham, and in the Rank and Dignity, in like man-

ner, as he has been inveded therewith by his Imperial Majesty: As also, with respect to what has been done in favour of the Imperial Town of and to

.Several other Dispositions of that Nature; and for what relate6 to the Garril'ons which are, or shall be hereafter, on the Part of the Lords the States General, in the Towns of j Huy, and the Citadel of Leige, and the Town of Bon, they shall remain there until it be otherwise agreed with his Imperial Majesty, and the Empire.

XXX.

And for removing all Doubts, touching the Execution of the said Articles, and to haiion the Execution of them, upon which depends the Re-establishment of the General Trauquillity, and of reciprocal Confidence and Amity;

XXXI.

’Tie promised, That the further Demands which the Emperor, the Queen of Great Britain, and the said Lords the States General, shall make in the Negotiation

Z of

preliminary Articles lor General Peace.

8 6

13* Februarii.

A. 1711.

the General Peace, as Well as the moil Christian King, shall not interrupt the reflation of Arms, which will be hereafter mentioned.

XXXII.

As for the Empire, the Four aiTociated Circles, the King of Portugal, the King of the Duke of

Savov, and other Allies, they shall be free, besides what is above granted to them, to make, in the said general Assembly, such Demands as they shall think convenient.

xxxi ii.

The general Negotiation shall be finished, if possible, within the space of Two Months, as aforesaid.

XXXIV.

And, to the end the said Negotiation may be the better finished within the Term of the said Two Months; and that upon the Execution of the said Article, the Peace may immediately follow; it is agreed, That there shall be a Collation of Arms between the Armies of the High Parties who are at War, to commence in all Parts as soon as the Conclusion of the said Articles shall come to the Knowledge of the said High Parties at present in War.

XXXV.

The most Christian King, to give Proofs of his Desire and Inclination to put a speedy End to this bloody War, promises, immediately after the Conclusion and Ratification of r|»e laid Articles, to evacuate, as is ab ve said, in the Netherlands, the Towns of Namur, x, and

Charleroy, before the Fifteenth of June next; burg, Cunde, Tournay, and Fifteen Days after; and before the Fifteenth of Ju/r/, the Towns of Nezvport anil Farm, and the Fort of Knock and and before the Expiration of those Two Months to raze and fill of, as it is above flipointed, the Fortifications and Harbour of Dunkirk;referring, as to what relates

to Strq/lourg, and the Fort of Ke/il, to what is fiipu-

lated by the Eighth Article.

XXXVI.

H is moll Christian Majesty prumifes likewise, at the time of the said Conclusion, and before the Expiration of the Two Months after, to execute all that has been formerly stipulated with respect to the other Allies.

XXXVII.

And, in case the King of executes all that is

above mentioned, and that the whole Monarchy of Spain be delivered up and yielded to King Charles the Third, as is stipulated by these Articles, within the limited Time, it is agreed, That the Cessation of Arms between the Armies of the High Parties in War, shall continue till the Conclusion and Ratification of the Treaties of Peace which are to be made.

XXXVIII.

AH this shall serve for the Basis and Foundation of the Treaties of Peace to bemadejtheextension of which shall be made in the most ample Forms that have been luftmlly observed in Treaties of Peace; both in relation toCelDons, Successions, Dependencies, Renunciations, and Appendages, Evacuat ion of Cannon, Artillery, and Stores of War* Gallies, Gaily Slaves, without Coll and Charges, and the like things.

XXXIX.

The Ratification of the Preliminary Articles above specified shall be furnished and exchanged on the Part: of the most Christian King, the Queen of Great tain, and the Lords the States General, before the Fifteenth of June next; on the Part of the Emperor, by the First of July following; and of the Empire as soon as possible: And immediately after the Delivery of the said Ratifications of the Queen of Great and the Lords the States General, the Execution of what is stipulated touching the Evacuation of the Places which his most Christian Majesty is to restore and yield up in the Netherlands; as also touching the Demolishing of

the Town of Dunkirk, and the filling up the Harbour;

and every thing granted to the said Potentates; shall be immediately proceeded upon: The like Execution shall take place with respect to what is stipulated in

Favour of the Emperor, and King Charles the Third, after his Imperial Majesty’s Ratification; and what Concerns the Empire shall be executed after the Ratification of the said Empire shall be exchanged as to the other Allies, the Articles which relate to them shall be executed after they shall have acquiesced with, signed, and ratified, the said Articles.

XL.

And, to hasten the Conclusion of the Treaties of a general Peace, it is agreed. That, on the Fifteenth of June next the Congrels shall begin in this Place of the Hague-, and all the Kings, Princes, and States, Allies and others, shall be invited to fend thither their Mini filers Plenipotentiaries: And, to prevent all Difficulties and Difpntes about the Ceremonial, and the more to forward the Conclusion of a general Peace, thofie of the said Ministers who shall have the Character of Ambaffactors shall not declare it till the Day of Signing the Treaties of the said Peace.

Done, agreed, and signed, by the Plenipotentiaries of his said Imperial Majesty, of her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain, of the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, with the Ministers Plenipotentiaries of his moll Christian Majesty, at the Hague, the z8th of May 1709.

(L. S.) Eugene de Savoye,(I.. S.) The Prince and

(L. S.) Philip Louis Count Duke of Marlborough, de Sinzendorff',(L. S.j Town//tend,

(L. S.) J. v. JVelderen

(L. S,) F. B. de Reede,

(L S.) A. Heinjius,

(L. S,) Donmek,

(L. S.) Baron de Reede de Renfwoude,

(L. S.) G. v. Gojling

, (L. S.) E. v. Ilterf

(L. S.) W. Wickers,

(L. S.) Wm. Buys,

(L. S.) R. v. DuJ/ai.

Ordered, That the said Copies and Extracts of Letters be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are toconsider of the Treaty between her Majesty and the States General, for securing the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain, and for settling a Barrier for the States General against France.

Ordered, That the said Treaty and separate Articles,

Ibrmerly presented to the House, be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Correfpo*. Majesty, That Hie will be pleased to give Directions, dencecun* That the Letters written by the Lord Vi (count hend to Mr. Boyle, late One of her Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, dated the ift and 26th of November 1709, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said ’Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Then the House, according to Order, resolved Barrier itself into a Committee of the whole I loufe, to consider f're*ty w'th of the Treaty between her Majesty and the States 1 0 General, for securing the Succession of the Crown of Great Britain, and for settling a Barrier for the States General against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Annejley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Anne/leyreported from the Committee, That

they had made some Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Treaty between her Majesty and the States General, for securing the Successitm to the Crown of Great Britain, and for settling a Barrier for the States General against France.

And

i o An 1st. 13°-^-140

And then the Hoilfe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis) 140 Februarii;

Anno xo° Annas Regina?, 1711.

Prayers.

Dr. Newton f\R D E R F. D, That Dr. Newton, Principal of

sVilarclT" Aff/Z in the University of , be desired to

preach before this House the 8th Day of March next, being the Day on which her Majesty began her happy Reign, and appointed tobeobserved withThankfgiving: And that Sir Gilbert Sir,

and Mr. Goulston, do acquaint him therewith.

Limiting A Bill for securing' the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers fitting in the House of e oue' Commons, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. liejolved, that the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed. That the Riding Clerk in Chancery attended:

SiiH.Bel tufts' He was called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted to the

Camimflion. House, according to Order, a Copy of the Commission to Sir Henry Bellafis, and others, for inquiring into the Number and Quality of the Forces in her Majesty’*- Pay in Spainand Portugal; and to examine the State of the

Payments and Accounts relating to 1 he said Forces, and to the Garrisons and Fortifications of Gibraltar and Port Mahon; and also the Accounts of the Ag nt Victuallers, and Commissaries of Stores, in those Pa: 1 s.

And then he withdrew.

The Title of the said Copy of the Commission was read.

Ordered, That the same be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Call of the Ordered, That the Call of the House be farther iloufe. adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Public The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Accounts, whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Act for taking, examining, and Rating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, for One Year longer.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Grahme took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Grahmereported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Condpond- Mr. Secretary St. John prefenled to the House, pursu-ence concern- ant to their Address to her Majesty, and by her Ma-'lreaiy>ri*r j^fty’s Commands, Extracts of Two Letters from the Lord Viscount Toun/hend;viz. of a Letter from the Lord Townshend, to the Earl of Sunderland, concerning the Barrier Treaty, dated at the Hague, the First of November 1 709, N. S.; and also, of a Lttter from the Lord Tmenjhend, to Mr. Boyle, concerning the Barrier Treaty, dated at the plague, the 26th of November 1709, N.S.:. And the Titles of the said Ext rafts were read.

The said Extracts are as follow;

Extract of a Letter from the Lord Tor to the

Earl of Sunderland, concerning the Barrier Treaty, dated at the Hague, ill November 1709, N.S.

In mine of the 29th pail, to Mr. Secretary , I acquainted him, That I had signed the Barrier Treaty, and that it should be trail faulted to England by this Vo^ 17.

Poll: But, thinking it not convenient to ,-trust the Ori- Conefpend-. ginal in the ordinary Racquets,. I ftjaft day for the f".f'^clvr"c^.rn Opportunity of some Perl’on to deliver, it fife into your ’ireatv. Lord ship's Hands; and fend you, now, only a Copy of the Treaty, to be laid before her Majesty, with the following Account of my Proceedings in relation to it.

In my Conferences with the Committee of Secret Affairs, to adjust the Differences between the Two Projects, and to settle the Articles to our mutual Satisfaction, I found. That in case they (liquid prevail upon their Towns to leave out Ostend in the Barrier, they very earnestly infilled upon having a Garrison in dermonde; it being of such Consequence to their Fron-tiers, as well for its Strength as Situation, that, without it, their Garrisons in the other Towns in Flanders would , be a very insufficientSecurity; that (liould France, by Treachery or Surprize, get. the Possession of that Place with a good Body of Troops, which they would never want upon Occasion, they would become Mailers of the Scheld, cutolf the Communication of this Country with their Garrisons, and bring the States into the greateil Danger, before any effectual Measures could be taken to oppose them; ami the general DispolitionofT'VaHderj to the Interdt of France, and Averlion to the Dutch, might give the French such an Opportunity, as was seen by the Conspiracy last Year in Ghent-, 011 which Occasion, they observed, That 1 he Citadel of that Town m as of little Service to them: And they further urged.

That their having only a Garrison in could have no Iniluence upon the Trade, in the Low Countries: And, indeed, I fee no Objection against making that Town One for their Barrier; being convinced, upon Inquiry, that there could be no Danger from thence of any Prejudice, or Relifaint upon our Trade in Flanders;especialiy since they have, agreed

to have out OJiend, which is the Key of our direct.

Commerce with those Countries: For, besides that moll, of the Goods imported there are forwarded from Ghent, upon the causewray to Brtijfclls, - without being trans-. ported to Dendermonde, it is to be observed, that when the Commodities have once paid the lloyal Duties, or Customs, at OJiend, they are fiee for the other Towns in Flanders, and consequently at Dendermonde; And,

all civil Policy, Rights, and Privileges, being, by the gt i 1 Article of the Treaty, expressly saved to the King of Spain, even in the Towns where the States are to have Garrisons, the Dutch, by virtue of their military Power, can no more obstruct the Trade at th;.n at Ghent, Maun, Lijle, or in any other Tow ns; any Attempts of that Nature, in all Places, being equally a direct and open Infringement of the present Treaty: And since it is stipulated, in the 15th Article,

That the Trade which palles through the Sea Ports in Flanders, as well as through the Canals and Mouths of the Rivers on the Side of the United Provinces, shall be all charged with the same Duties and Impolisj and that the Subjects of her Majesty, and of the States, thall have equal Favour and Treatment on that Account; 1 hope, such a mutual Security, and good Underfianding in the difficult Point of Commerce is thereby established between the Two Nations, that her Majesty will not dif-approveofiny having contented, in the Sixth Article,

That the States ilia.11 have a Garrison in Dendermonde, and in some other Towns and Forts, not mentioned in our Project; most of them being pursuant to niy In-ftrnftions, and none of them of any other Use than to make the Barrier strong and sufficient.

Your Lordship will fee, in the Ninth Article, the Words relating to the Revenues of the Towns are left out of the Riving Clausefor preserving the Rights and Liberties, Fc.to King Charles-, a Regulation being made on that Head in the 1 ith Article; in which it is agreed, according to our Project, That the Revenues of the Chatellenies, Towns, S'c. which are to serve for the Barrier, and which were not in the Possession of the late King Charles the lid at the time of his Death, shall be assigned to the States for the Maintenance of the Garrisons, Magazines, and Fortifications, of the Barrier

Towns;

88

14° Februarii.

A. 1711.

Correspond- Towns .* And, as the War has made such Devafta-"?eiurriern* t’ons» and Rage, in the Low Countries, that, in all Treaty, " Probability, it will be some Years after the Peace before the Revenues of those Chatellenies can be re-established, to be in any ways proportionable to the Expences this Government mud bear; for the keeping the Garrisons, Sc. a Hundred thousand Pounds Sterling a Year is laid upon the rest of Flanders, towards supplying that great Charge; for which Sum the King of i Spain will have his Frontiers secured, and remain Mailer of all the Revenues in the Netherlands

that were in the Possession of the late King Charles the Second.

Th? 14 th Article in our Project, being judged to be of ro manner of Importance, was agreed to be left out of the Treaty.

The x 5th Article was proposed by the Deputies, as-the Terms by which they were authorized to consent to the leaving Ostend out of the Barrier; which the Pensionary communicated to ine privately, before we met to adjust the Articles; and laid. He hoped we should now conclude this great and necessary Work: As soon as I had read it, I told him, I was ready to give my Consent to it, so far as it related to the Loiv Countries; but in case they iuiilted to extend it to all the Spanish Dominions, I then mull desire, on the Part of the Queen, that the States would engage to join their Endeavours with her Majesty, at a Treaty of Peace, that the Subjects of England and Holland should be upon the same Foot, and have the same Advantages of Commerce with France: To which he answered, That they desired nothing in this Article but what they had already a Right to by the Treaty of Munjler; it being the re stipulated, That the Subjects of the States should have the same Privileges and Benefit of Trade as were granted to the Subjects of Great Britain, and to the Anfeatick Towns, who were, at that Time, the Nations most favoured by Spain; and that it was not to be imagined, that King Charles would, in Violation of former Treaties, and in Return for all the Expence they have been at for his Support, attempt to put this People upon worse Terms of a Trade to his Dominions than they had formerly enjoyed; and that, as he was persuaded her Majesty did not intend to do any thing m their Prejudice, in that Affair, he hoped, that the Engagements in this Article being reciprocal, as to the Queen and the States, and the Trade of Britain to the Low Countries so fiilly secured by it, I would make no further Difficulties: That the States had never opposed our making any advantageous Treaty of Commerce with France, nor stipulated any thing with that Crown to exclude us from it; but should I infill to have that Part of the Article relating to the Trade to the whole Spanish Dominions left out, or what 1 proposed, on the Part of her Majesty, in regard to our Commerce with France, inserted, it would not only confirm this People here in the Jealousies they have entertained, of there being some private Transactions between her Majesty and the King of to their Prejudice, but also, new Obstructions beingraised, make them despair of ever seeing a happy Conclusion of thisTreaty: And in the Close of his Discourse, he told me, with a great deal of Concern, That he had been at greater Pains, and taken mor6 upon iiim, to bring this Matter of Ostend to bear among the Provinces, than he had ever done on any other Occasion; and therefore hoped I would not only agree to this Article, but also loie no time, with them, in figtiing a Treaty so absolutely necessary for the Security of both Nations, and which would be a Foundation of a lading Friendship and Confidence between them. I finding it impossible to make the States depart from this Point; and since Count has

owned to me. That he had assured the Pensionary, in King Charles's Name, That the Dutch should have the fatne Benefit of Trade to the Spanish Dominions, as her Majesty’s Subjects; and I being persuaded, that the immediate Dispatch of this weighty Affair would be of singular Service, at this Juncture, when their State of

War is to be settled, to llrengthen the Party that is best affected to the Interest of the Queen, and of her Allies, and to encourage them to take vigorous Measures for the next Campaign; as well as, that her Majesty is disposed to gratify this State in their having a sufficient Barrier for the preservation of Flanders, against the Power of France-, I thought it fit, for the Queen’s Service, to defer the Conclusion of this Treaty no longer.

As to the separate Article; That is no more than what was stipulated, in their behalf, in the Preliminary Articles.

At the Signing of the Treaty, I told the Deputies, That her Majesty expected more favourable Conditions, in regard to the West Indies, at the Renewal of the Negotiations for Peace, than what was agreed in the last; in which (he hoped they would give their Assistance; And I particularly mentioned, That France should renounce their Right to that Part of St. they

formerly possessed, and make an entire Reditu tion of Hud/on’s Bay: U pon which, they unanimousty gave me their Assurances of their hearty Endeavours to serve her Majesty in these Points; and added, That they would contribute their utmost, on all Occasions, to improve the Amity and Union established by this Treaty between the two Nations.

An Extract of a Letter from Lord Townshend, to Mr. Boyle, concerning the Barrier Treaty, dated at the Hague, the 26 th of November, N. S. 1709.

I have received the Favour of Yours, of the 8th and nth Instant; and am under very great Concern to find, that the Lords of the Council are of Opinion, That there are many Particulars in the Treaty of the Barrier, and some of great Moment, which differ very much from the Counter Project approved of in England: I am very feniible, that, in some Particulars, the Treaty does differ from the Counter Project; but I was in hopes there had been none of any Moment, but what were justified, either by that, or my Instructions; in one or the other of which, all the Towns and Forts, except Dendennonde, Charleroy., Fort St. , and Fort

Philippe. are specified.

In relation to Dendermonde, I can add nothing to what I laid in mine of the ift Instant: And, as fi»r

C.harleroy, its Situation seems to make it of as much Consequence to the Barrier, as most of the Towns named in the Treaty; and therefore, since the States were to have Garrisons in all the exposed Places from Newport a8 far as Namur, I did not apprehend why they might not have one in Charleroy: As to the Two Forts, the States being, in their own Right, in Possession of Eclvfe, to which Fort Donas is already annexed; and being by the Project to have Damme; and being likewise, in their own Right, in Possession of Lib, with a Mortgage upon Fort Mary; and being by the Project to have Fort Perle; I did not think the Addition of Fort St. Donas, and Fort Philippe, capable of being attended with ill Consequeuces.

As to the 15th Article, so much as it relates to the Trade of the whole Spanish Dominions, I mult own to be foreign to the Treaty; and likewise, that the States have all along desired, if not insisted. That the Treaty now in Question should be confined to the Guaranty of ourSuccession, and the Security of their Barrier; which I objected as a Reason against it to the Pensionary, at first when he (bowed it me; but he (till infilling to have it inserted, I then desired, as I acquainted you in mine of the ill Instant, that the like Advantages might be stipulated to England, in relation to the Commerce with France: I am fully persuaded, that nothing of this Nature was ever intended to be inserted in the Treaty, till one of the King of Spain's Ministers here had informed them, of her Majesty’s having some time since concluded a Treaty of Commerce with his Mailer: Neither would I have ever consented to this Part of the Article, could I have thought there was any Hopes of her Majesty’s preserving the good Effects of this Treaty to her own Subjects, exclufire of 19 all

-Februariu

*9

ioAnn. 14° — 150 —

ell others, after such a step taken by one of the King of Spain's Ministers here; and the Declaration which Count Sinxendorff told me he had made to the Pen-

fionary, by the King of Spain's Orders, That his Majesty always intended the States should be upon an equal foot with us, in point of Trade to all his Dominions; especially, considering that the King of Spain, even after he comes to be settled in the entire Possession of the Spani/hMonarchy, will still have so much Need of

the Friendship and support of this State; which he can never hope to purchase, but by establishing their Trade upon as favourable Terms as that of any other Nation whatsoever: These Keafons induced me to think, that there could accrue no real Advantage to her Majesty, and her Subjects, from my infilling upon leaving out those Words; but, on the contrary, that my not consenting might, at this critical Juncture, bave increased and inflamed the Jealousies conceived here upon that point; and have made the chief Trading Town % who have hitherto been the most zealous supporters of the War, join with those who have been, all along for accepting of a Peace on any Terms; which, added to the Difficulties this State is under for railing Money might have driven them into separate Measures with France, or at lead into a precipitated Peace: Besides, if one may judge of the Dispositions of the Court of Barcelona by the Behaviour of their Ministers, there is Rea-, son to think they were never heartily disposed to the Performance of that Treaty; otherwise they could not have been guilty of such imprudence, as, by discovering it at this time, to have endangered the creating. Jealousies between her Majesty and the States; upon whose Friendship and Union, their Hopes of obtaining the whole Spanish Monarchy do so evidently depend: And if that should be the Cafe, I submit it, whether it be not most for her Majesty’s Service, by joining with the States in this Particular, to ensure the Performance of this Treaty, or any other that shall be thought necessary for the Benefit of our Trade, excluGve of the French, or any other Nation whatsoever.

As to what is contained in the separate Article, it is no more than what her Majesty, the Emperor, and the King of Spain, have consented to in the Preliminary. Treaty: And therefore, though there was no mention, neither in the Project, nor my Instructions, of any thing relating to Bonne, Huy, and Liege; yet I thought I

might safely venture to consent to it, especially since the Foundation of their demanding this Article is so apparently true, that, for want of some such Provision, the French have. Three Times successively, attempted to bring the War into this Country, through those Places: and that there is no Probability of their being better defended for the future, but by the Method taken in the Treaty: There is the same Reason for that Part of this Article W'hich relates to Guelderland-, that being likewise-stipulated in the Preliminary Treaty: And it being said in the separate Article of the Project, That the Queen should use her Endeavours to have the Affairs of Guelder settled to the mutpal Satisfaction of the States ,-and King of Spain; and he having already consented to it in the Preliminary Treaty; I thqught all Difficulties upon that Head were entirely removed.

Upon tlje Whole,. I could not judge it for her Majesty’s Service, at a time when we were labouring to keep this People steady, to carrying on the War against France, and recovering the whole M°tiarpl,y Of Spain, to giye them the least Jealoqfy, that her Majesty was not disposed to afford them her Assistance, in procuring to them Advantages which so nearly concerned their Safety, and had been already fiipulated to them by the Preliminary Treaty.

I cannot perceive any other Particulars of Moment ia which die Treaty varies from the Project, except in the Addition to the 14th Article; by which the States are entitled to the Revenues of the Barrier Towns, and the Million which is to be raised annually before the Peace; And this I should not have ,con feu ted to, but that the Pepfipnary, and Deputies for foreign Affairs,

Vp L. 17.

assured me, That the States never intended to make, use of this Concession towards raising the Revenues; which was at present impracticable; they heing less than what are necessary to defray the civil Expences, and the Charges of the Body of Troops which is at present in the Pay of that Country; and that it was inserted only in order to induce King Charles the foonet to comply with the Convention which is desired: Thft Pensionary gave the Duke of Marlborough the like Alfu ranees, in relation to this Article, w hile he was at the Hague.

Ordered, That the said Extracts be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to conGder farther of the Treaty between bet Majesty and the States General, for securing the Sue-celfion to the Crown of Great Britain, and for settling a Barrier for the States General against France.

Ordered, That all the Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 150 die Februarii;

Anno 10* Annre Regime, 1711.

Prayers,

MR. Berkley reported from the Committee, to Woollen

whom the Petition of the Mixture or Medley Manufactur* Broad-Clothiers of Woo/Ion Under edge, in Gloucester- of Medley shire, in behalf of themselves, and Fraternity of the cloth' whole County, was referred, That they had fully examined the Matter thereof; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; aind afterwards delivered it ip at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved. That Leave be given to bring ip Bill, according to the Prayer of the faicj Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Berkley, Sir William Pole, and Colonel Moreton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Crosse reported from the Committee, who were Expiring appointed to examine what Laws are expired, or expir- Laws, ing; and what are Gt to be revived, and continued; That they had examined the same accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read them in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Clause herein after mentioned, in the ACT,

A a made

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Member* House do go with the Mace into the Court of Re- famraoneA quests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Member?, there to attend the Service of the Iipufe.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Barrier a Committee of the whole House, to conGder farther Treaty with of the Treaty between her Majesty and the States Ge- Hol, and* neral, for securing the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain, and for settling a Barrier for the States General against France. ’

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Annesley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Annesley reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to’ receive the same. . 1

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Saturday Morning next.

o6 i50 Febriiarii. A>\i\ r*

Expiring thade in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, Law*‘ An Act for the better preventing Mischiefs that may happen by Fire; viz. " And be it farther Enacted, by "the Authority aforesaid, That no Action, Suit, or " Process whatsoever, shall be had, maintained, or prosecuted, against any person in whose House or Chambor any Fire shall, from and after the said First Day

of Mai/, accidentally begin, or any Ilecompence be u made by such Person for any Damage suffered or occasioned thereby: any Law, Usage, or Custom, to " the contrary notwithstanding: And if any Action

shall be brought for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant may plead the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence: And in case the Plaintiff become Nonsuit, or discontinue his Action

or Suit, or if a Verdict pass against him, the De-u fendant shall recover Treble Costs;" Which Clause, being made temporary, and being expired, is fit to be revived, and made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable Juliices of the Peace - to build and repair Gaols in their respective Counties; which was to continue for Ten Years, and thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; is expired, and is fit to be revived.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for exempting of Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish and Ward Offices; and from serving upon Juries; which Act was to continue for the Space of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; and was, by an Act, made in the first Year of her present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for reviving the A ft, intituled, An Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish and Ward Offices; and from serving upon Juries; continued for the Space of Eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; which will expire at the End of the next Session of Parliament after tke Eleventh Day -of February 1712; is fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in an Act, made in the Fourth and Fifth Years of Ihe Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for reviving, continuing and explaining, several Laws therein mentioned, which are expired, and near expiring, there are several good Clauses and Provisions relating to the returning of Jurors; which Clauses and Provisions were, by the said Act, to continue in force for Three Years, from the First Day of May 1693, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; which said Clauses and Provisions were, by an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the late King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the Ease of Jurors; and better regulating of Juries; continued for Seven Years, from the First Day of May 1696, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer, which said last mentioned Act was also to continue but for the said Term of Seven Years, from the said First Day of May 1696, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament; but was, by another Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing former Acts for exporting Leather; and for Ease of Jurors; and for reviving and making more effectual an Act relating to Vagrants, continued farther lor Seven Years from the Expiration thereof, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament: And whereas several other Clauses and Provisions, relating to the Returns and Service of Jurors, were made in another Act, made in the Session of Parliament held in the Third and Fourth Years of her present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making perpetual an Act for the more easy Recovery of small

Tythes; and also an Act for the more easy obtaining Partition of Lands in Coparcenary, joint Tenancy, and Tenancy in common; and also for making more effectual, and amending, several Acts relating to the Return of Jurors; and were only to continue in force during the Continuance of the said Act: All which Clauses,

Provisions, and Acts, being expired, are fit to be revived.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Sir

James Mountague, the Lord Viscount Doione, and Sir Arthur Kay, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Common-Council, Deal Chtpj. Freemen, and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Deal, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the ancient Town and Church is a full Mile from the Sea-fide: That, the Trade increasing the re, Three new large Streets have been built on the Shore.; in regard of which, and of the numerous Inhabitants there, a Charter of Incorporation was given them in the 1 ith Year of King

Ham the Third: That the said Inhabitants have, by Subscription, already purchased a Piece of Ground, and raised the Walls of a Chapel of Ease, ready for the Roof; but are no-ways able to finish the fame, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament; That the Petitioners humbly conceive a sufficient Sum may be raised for that purpose, by a small Duty to be laid on water-borne Coals which shall be consumed in the said Town: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Hardress, Mr. Hart, and Mr. Campion, I

do prepare, and bring in, the fame. ]

Lieutenant General Earle presented to the House, Ordnance by her Majesty’s Command; an Estimate of the Charge |tore* for of Ordnance Stores for Spain, for the Year 1712. paU1'

The Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as follows: viz.

An Estimate of the Charge of Ordnance Stores for Spain, for the Year 1712.

For the British Field-Train and Forces £. s. d.

in Catalonia - 11,745 g io§

For supplying the Garrison of Gibraltar - — 9,053 5 11

For supplying the Garrison o (

Mahon - — — 10,805 7 9

£3*>6o4 3 6i

Memorandum That there is nothing inserted in the said Estimate for providing Ordnance Stores for the Use of the foreign Troops in her Majesty’s Pay in Spain; the Charge whereof will amount to 7,076 2 o

Tho. Erie, Wm. Bridges, C. Musgrave.

Ordered, That the said Estimate be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to take Vacation of into Consideration the Commission to Sir Henry Bella- S«at b.v A and others:

And the Commission was read; and is as followeth;

ANNE, by the Grace of God, Sf To ourTrufty and well-beloved Sir Henry Bellafyfe Knight, Edward Stowel and Andrew Archer Esquires, Greeting. Know ye.

That we, reposing especial Trust and Confidence in your Abilities, Faithfulness, and prudent Circumspection,

have

io Ann.

i 5 16 °_

9l

have nominated, authorized, conflitiited, and fippointed, and by these Pjefents do nominate, authorize, confli-tnte, and appoint, you the said Sir Henry Ed-

ward. Stowel and Andrew A, to be our Commissioners to inquire into the Number and Quality of the Forces in our Pay in Spain and Portugal; and to examine the State of the Payments and Accounts relating to the said Forces, and to the Garrisons and Fortifications of Gibraltar and Port Mahon; and also the Accounts of the Agent Victuallers, and Commissaries of Stores, in those Farts: And we do hereby direct, authorize, require, and commaud, you our said Commissioners, or any Two of you, to do and execute all things in due manner that shall belong to your said Commission: And that you our said Commissioners, or any Two of you, do, from time to time, observe and follow such In-flructions as shall be given you under our Signet, or Sign Manual, And, for the better enabling you to execute the Powers and Authorities hereby granted, we do, by these Presents, authorize and empower you toadmi-mfter Oaths to all such Persons as shall be able to give any Account of the Premises. And we do hereby charge and require you to give an Account of your ACtings and Doings in the Execution of this our Commission, in Writing, under your Hands and Seals, to us, with all convenient Speed. And we do hereby require and command all the Officers, Commissaries, and Muster-masters, of our said Forces in our Pay, and the Paymaster or Deputy Paymasters of the fame, and the Agents of the respective Regiments, and the Officers, and others, in our Service, inorbeionging to the Garrisons of Gibraltar and Port-Mahon, and the Agent Victuallers, and Commis-iaries of Stores, in our Service, in those Parts, imd all others any way concerned or intruded in any of the Matters aforesaid. That they be ready and afliflant to our said Commissioners in the Execution of this our Commission, as they will answer the contrary at their Peril. And these our Letters Patents, or the Inrolment or Exemplification thereof, shall be to your said Commissioners, and all others herein concerned, a sufficient "Warrant and Discharge in that behalf. In Witness, fife. Witness Ourself, at Westminsterhe Twenty-fourth Day of October, in the Tenth Year of our Reign.

By Writ of Privy Seal.

And the Address of the House, of the 7th of June lad, was read, for appointing Commissioners for the Purposes therein mentioned:

Also S. 26 and 27, in the A of the Fourth Year of

her Maj\ fly’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the Pro-tedant Line, were read.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Sir Henry Bellafis Knight, having fmee his being elected Member to serve in Parliament, accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty to inquire into the Number and Quality of the Forces in her Majesty’s Pay in Spain and and to examine the State of the Payments and Accounts relating to the said Forces, and to the Garrisons and Fortifications of Gibraltar and Port Mahon-, and also the Accounts of the Agent Victuallers, and Commis-faries of Stores, in those Parts; his Election is thereby become void;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the J ,8s.

Tellers for the Noes, . }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make but a new W rit, for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Durham, in the room of Sir Henry lafis Knight; whose Election has been declared void. Voju 17.

99-

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire Increase of what new Offices, or Places of Profit, have been created 0®ces* or erected since the 25th Day of October, in the Year of onr Lord 1705; and also, whether there are any greater,

Number of Commissioners made or conflicted for the Execution of any Office, since that Time, than had been before employed in the Execution of such respective Oflice; and likewise to consider of the Laws now in being in relation to Officers fitting in this House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pytts, Sir Henry Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. IVinningtoit, Mr. Cartioright,

Mr. Colfton, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. , Mr/

Evelyn, Mr. Onslow, Lord Wm. PoxSir Mor-

daunt. Sir Peter King, Sir Simeon Steioart, the Earl of Thomond, Mr. Solicitor General, the Earl of Mr. Pitt, Mr. Windsor, I,ord Lyon, Mr. Bayly, Mr.

Bellafnfe, Sir David Dalrymple, Mr. Sir

Tho. Powys, Mr. Prise, Mr. Law/on, Mr.

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Foley, Mr. Ward, Mr. Furnefe, Mr.

Newland, Mr. Poiolett, Mr. Goulston^ Mr. King, Mr.

Rowney, Mr. Eversfield, Mr. FremMr.

Mr. Medlycott, Sir William Whitelock, Mr.

Mr. Ccefar, Mr. Smyth, Sir Gilbert Sir C

Turner, Mr. Crojfe, Sir Jacob Bankes, Mr. Lockhart,

Mr. Burslem, Me. Hampden, Mr CMr. Auditor Harley, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Lownds, Mr. Dyott. Sir Geo. Newland, Mr. Braccbridge, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Heysham, Mr. North, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Wort-ley, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Finch, Sir Richard How,

Mr.Shackerley, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Manley: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock; in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Per* fons. Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to State of tho resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to "r"r* consider farther of the State of the War;

Ordered, That the Computation of the yearly Charge for Transport Service in carrying on the War in Spain and Portugal, from 1702, to Christm 1711; and,

An Account shewing what Money has been paid by her Majesty for Contingencies, Bread, and Bread-Waggons, Forage, and all other Extraordinaries, both for the Englishand Foreign Troops, in Savoy,

Italy, Spain, Portugal, and Flanders, since 24th June 1705; so far as the same has been returned from Abroad; and also,

The yearly Lists of her Majesty’s Ships and Vessels employed in carrying on the War in Spain and Portugal, with the Charge thereof; and of victualling the Land Forces in that Service, and the Garrison of Gibraltar, &c. be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolulious; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleai'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committw*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

. .,) ,

Sabbati, 16* die Februarii \

Anno 10* Annas Regins, 1711.

PitAYEKS.

COLONEL Grahme, according to Order, reported Kblic from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Accounts, the Bill to continue the Act of the last Session of Parlia*

, ment.

Scotch

Episcopal

Communion*

Leave of Absence.

Atmrieaa Prise Goods*

Barrier Treaty with Holland.

Members

summoned*

Barrier Treaty with Holland*

J>3

ment, for taking, examining, and stating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, for One Year longer, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Dace.; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were Once read thoughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally pat thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Dormer, and

Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the disturbing those of the Episcopd Communion in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland in' the Exercise of their reNgious Worship, and in the Use of the Liturgy of the Church of England; and for repealing the Ad, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act against irregular Baptisms and Marriages; with some Amendments: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Amendments to the said Bill were once read.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into farther Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir William Gordon have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants trading to America was referred.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the Petitioners: And that Sir Robert Dovers and Six Robert Eden do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Annejley, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Treaty between her Majesty and the States General, for securing the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain, and for settling a Barrier for the States General against France, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace into the Court of Requells, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

The said Resolutions were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in the Treaty between her Majesty and the States General, for securing the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain, and for the settling afiarrier for the States General against France, under Colour of securing the Protellant Succession, and providing a sufficient Barrier to the States General against France, there are several Articles destructive to the Trade and Interest of Great Britain, and therefore highly dishonourable to her Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, that the Lord Viscount Townshend bad not any Orders or Authority for negotiating or concluding several Articles in the said Treaty.

Refotoed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Lord Vifoovnt Towwho negotiated and ligned, and att those who advised the Ratifying of, the said Treaty, are Enemies to the Queen and Kingdom-

A. 1711.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second! Time;

And a Motion being made, and the Queliion being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in: the said Resolution, that in the Treaty between her Majesty and the States General, for securing the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain, and for the settling a Barrier for the States General against Franco, under Colour of securing the Protellant Succession, and' providing a sufficient Barrier to the States General against France, there are several Articles destructive to the Trade and Interest of Great Britain, and therefore highly dishonourable to her Majesty;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

erafonhh*~

Tellers for the Noes, £ Cha'Turner: }'*

So if was resolved in the Aflirmative.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Queliion severally pat thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners Public Ae-for taking, examining, and stating the Publick Accounts. counts of the Kingdom, be taken into farther Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Crown night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Lease*-upon the Bill to give farther Time for inrolling such Leases, granted from the Crown, as have not been inrolled within the respective Times therein limited.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lurne, 18* dieFeb;

Anno to* Annas Reginas, 1711.

Prayers.

MR. Trotman prefen ted to the House, according to Avon Navi-Order, a Bill for making the River Avon, in thf ®at*on-Counties of Somerset and Gbucester, navigable from the City of Bath, to or near Jfanlum’e Mills; And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Refotoed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House took into Consideration the Report front Duties on the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants £*ue SuSar-and Trader* of the City of Bristol was referred: c*

And the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

Upon the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of Bristol:

That, upon Examination of the Matters complained of in the said Petition, the Committee find. That by an Act made the last Session of this prefeot Parliament for Encouragement of the Trade to America, ft is among other Things enacted, That act Prize-Goods, and Commodities, which, after the ill Day of June 1711, shall be imported into any of the Ports of Great Britain, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the same Duties as those Goods and Commodities would have paid in case they had not been Prize.

That it appeared to the Committee, by Certificates, under the Hand and Seal of the Officer of the Custom-house in Barbadoes, dated the 27th of QSloher .1711,

That the Petitioners Agents have shipped home several 20 Parcels

16° — 18° Februarii,

Resolved, That this House will, upon MondayMorning Supply; next, resolve itself into a Committeeof the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

ioAnn. i 8° Februarii. 93

Parcels of Sugar-and other Goods, viz. 178 Tierces, and 30 Barrels of MuscovadoSugar, shipped on board the Tyger Galley; and 178 Tierces, and 18 Barrels, of Muscovado Sugars, shipped on board the Peterborough; which said Goods were taken as Prize from the Enemy, by her Majesty’s Ship of War the Panther.

That it also appeared. That the Officers of the Customs at Bristol, by virtue of the said Act of Parliament,

insist upon the Duties following; viz. £. s. d:

For Muscovado Sugar, per Hundred a to 2

' For Indigo, per Pound Weight - - - o 1 9t

For Cotton, per Pound Weight - - - o o 2|

Whereas, before the said Act passed, the Duties were as follow; viz.

Muscovado Sugar, per Hundred - - o 3 4

Indigo, per Pound - - - -002

Cotton - - - - Free

That the Petitioners made it appear, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, that the high Duty demanded by the Commissioners is double the Value of what the Goods will fell for; and is an entire Prohibition to the Consumption thereof in Great Britain; and there remain* ing* after all Allowance deducted, if shipped off for foreign Parts, £.1 is. ltd. with the Addition of Freight, makes it equally impracticable for Exportation.

That it appeared, That the Commissioners of the Customs did fend an Order to their Collector at Bristol to permit the said Goods to be unladen, and put into Warehouses at the Charge of the Proprietors, upon the Petitioners entering into Bond to pay the Duties, with Interest from the time of Landing thereof, in case they should not, before the 25th Day of March next, be relieved by Act of Parliament against the high Duties charged on the said Goods.

Ordered, That the Members who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill, for the Belief of several Merchants trading to America, do likewise provide in the same for Sugar and Indigo, mentioned in the said Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of Bristol.

Vefe/» A Petition of Patrick Seagrave Esquire, in behalf of

his Mother and himself, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a Bill for confirming to Agmondesham Vesey, Esquire, and his Children, the Benefit intended by an Act passed in the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign for their Relief; and for discharging them of the Rents of the Estate incurred before passing the said Act; That the said Rents, so incurred, ought to be applied to the Use of the Petitioner’s Mother: And praying. That the Petitioner may have Time to fend for his Vouchers from and be heard by

his Counsel, before the Bill do pass:

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Deficiency A Petition of several Persons, on behalf of themselves, and feme Hundreds who did advance to her Majesty, in the Sixth Year of her Reign, Six hundred and Forty thousand Pounds upon the Creditofan Act of Parliament for Payment of Annuities, quarterly, not exceeding Forty thousand Pounds per Annum, for the Terra of Ninety-nine Years, was presented to the House, and read; set-tingforth, That upon passing the said Act, the Petitioners advanced and paid to the Exchequer £.640,000 upon the Credit thereof: That thereby £.100,000, Part of the said Sum, was reserved in the Exchequer for discharging the First Two Years and an Half of the said Annuities; which has been accordingly paid: That, at Lady-Day next there will be Four Quarters due to the Petitioners; who are informed, the Funds which are to pay the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seven, having been computed to last , there re-

mains very little, if any Surplus, towards discharging the First of the Quarters due to the Petitioners for 1708 j That the intended Fund being Surplusses, there is not any Probability of their being paid quarterly: That by such Deficiency, the Annuities, which cost the Petition- Vot. 17.

ers Sixteen Years Purchase, are fallen in Value a Quarter Part of what they cost: That many, having their Ail in this deficient Fund, mud be inevitably ruined, unless some Care be taken for the Proprietors Relief:

And praying the Consideration of the House; and, since the Principal Money paid into the Exchequer is for ever funk, such effectual Relief for the future Payment of the said Annuities, quarterly, may be had, as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are toconsider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The Act of the Ninth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, Jamaica for the Encouragement of die Trade to America, being Prize Goods, read;

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House an Account of the Bonds taken for Prize Goods brought into Jamaica, which were unsatisfied upon the First Day of June 1711, according to the Directions of the said Act.

The 7th Section of the Act of the Seventh Year of Electiooa — his late Majesty’s Reign, relating to the multiplying fraudulent Voices to vote in the Eieftions of Members to serve in v®te» ym* Parliament, being read;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament; And that Mr. Chol-mondley, Sir Arthur Kay, and the Lord Viscount Dotone, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Elections — preventing irregular and corrupt Proceedings in the preventing Elections of Citizens and Burgesses to serve in Parliament: And that Mr. Laufon, Lord William Pozvlett, proc in®*‘ Mr. Auditor Harley, and Mr. - L, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Committee who are to consider increase of what new Offices or Places of Profit have been created Offices, or erected since the 25th Day of October in the Year of our Lord 1705; and also, whether there are any greater Number of Commissioners made or constituted for the Execution of any Offices, since that Time, than had been before employed in the Execution of such respective Office; and, likewise to consider of the Laws now in being in relation to Officers fitting in this House; have Leave to fit in a Morning, and de Die in Diem.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven- African night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Trade.

House, to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the state of the whole House, who were to consider of the State of the War.

War, the Refutations they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it hath appeared to this Committee,

That the Charge for Transport Service in carrying on the War in Spain and Portugal, from the Year 1702 to 1711, inclusive, amounted to One million Three hundred Thirty-six thousand Seven hundred Nineteen Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eleven Pence.

Resolved, That it hath appeared to this Committee,

That there has been paid by her Majesty for Contingencies, Bread, and Bread Waggons, Forage, and all other Extraordinaries, both for the English and Foreign Troops, in Savoy, Piedmont, Italy, Spain, Portugal, and Flanders, since the 24th of June 1705, ft> far as the same hath been returned from Abroad, several Sums, amounting, in the Whole, to Three millions Four hundred Eighty-seven thousand and two Pounds and eleven Pence.

B b

State of the War.

Abuses in the Army IV tf teis, Uc.

18° — 190 Februarii. 17 r 1.

Resolved, That it hath appeared to this Committee, That the Charge of victualling the Land Forces for the Service of the War in Spain and has amounted

to Five hundred Eighty-three thousand Seven hundred Seventy Pounds Eight Shillings and Six Pence.

Rcjblved, That it hath appeared to this Committee, That the Charge of her Majesty’s Ships and Vessels employed in the Service of the War in Spain and Portugal, reckoned after the Rate of Four Pounds a Man, per Month, from the time they failed from hence, till they returned, or were put upon other Services, amounted to Six millions Five hundred Forty thousand Nine hundred Sixty-six Pounds Fourteen Shillings.

The First, Second, and Third, Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time) The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made therein; viz. by inserting, after "returned," these Words, " were lostand after " or," to leave out " were

And then the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

RcJ'olved ', That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended. That the Charge of her Majesty’s Ships and Vessels employed in the Service of the War iu Spain and Portugal, reckoned after the Rate of ^.4 a Man, per Month, from the Time they failed from hence, till they returned, were loft, or put upon other Services, amounted to Six millions Five hundred Forty thousand Nine hundred Sixty-six Pounds Fourteen Shillings.

RcJ'olved, That an humble Representation be made to her Majesty, upon the Resolutions of this House relating to the State of the War, and the Treaty between her Majesty and the States General, for securing the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain, and for settling tt Barrier fof the States General against France: And also, humbly to desire her Majesty, That (lie will be pleased to order her Ministers to infill with the Emperor, That the Revenues of all Territories and Places, restored or added to the House of daring this

War, over and above what is necessary for their defence, may be applied for the carrying on the War iu Spain: And to afiilre her Majesty, that this House will enable her Majesty to bear her Share of any farther Expence that Audi be wanted, by Sen and Land, in proportion to w hat the Emperor, and the other Allies, shall actually furnish for those Services: And that as to other Parts of the War, to which her Majesty is obliged by particular Treaties to contribute, that her Majesty will, for the future, only furnish Troops, and pay Subsidies, iu proportion to what her Allies shall actually furnish, and pay.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up the said Representation, occoiding to the said Resolution, and upon the Debate of the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Tho. Mr. Lloyd,

Mr. Nicholas, Dr. Pajk, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Foley, Sir John Stvnehouse, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Mr. Crosse, Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Sir Geo. Parker, Mr. Secretary St. John, Mr. Manley, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Piumptree, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Mr.

Moor, Mr. Ward, the Earl of Sir Fra. Vin-

cent, Kir. Fox, Mr. Shippen, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Fretnan, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Pytts, the Earl of Hartford, Colonel Lord Willoughby, Mr. Letchmcre, Mr. , Lord Vif-

count Doitne, Mr. Laujbn, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Au-

ditor Harley: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John S/onehctJe, Mr. Manley, Colonel Byerley, Mr.

Lockhart, Mr. Burslem, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Earl, Sir Tho. Ilanmer, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Mr. England,

Mr. Moor, Mr. Aldworlh, Mr. Colonel Sutton, Mr. Meyrick, Sir Richard Hoar, Lora Downe,

Mr. Lambert, Kir. Gwyn, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Dr.

pliant, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. BruerCaptain Chapman,

Mr. Sheppeard, Mr. Foley, Mr. Finch, Sir How,

Sir Peter King, Mr. Hart, Mr. Smith, General EcLvn,

Captain Dyott, Mr. Bridges, Sir James Bateman, Mr.

Cockram, Mr. Cook, Mr. Goring, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Frcmaii, Mr. Fox, Mr. Barlow, Dr. Pajk, Admiral Aylmer, Mr. Cockbourn, Mr. RowMr. Mr. Orchard, Mr. Auditor Harley, Sir James Mr.

Pringle, General Ruffe, Mr. Quick, Lord Lyon, Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Harris, Sir Tho. Powell,

Sir Wm. Hardress, Sir Jacob Bankes, Mr. ton, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Duncomb, Mr.

Thompson: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records:

And have Leave to fit in a Morning; and to fit de Die in Diem.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the Matter to them referred^ and had directed him to move, That they may have leave to lit again.

Resolved, That I his House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, refulve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Pay of On*, her Majesty, That flie will be pleased to give Direc- ralOfiicen, tions, That a Particular may be laid before this House of the Pay to the General Officers, and for Waggon and Forage-Money, in Flanders.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majest’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 190 die Februarii;

Anno io* Annae Reginae, 1711.

Praters. 1

MR. Crcffe presented to the House, according Expiring to Order, a Bill for reviving, and continuing, La"8-several Laws which are expired, or expiring: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The 25th Section of the Act, of the Sixth Year of her Sir j. Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of "'Wharf* her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Sue- c,’mnulu 'fc cession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line was read.

Ordered, That the Commission to Sir Janies to treat with the Stales General, iu relation to the Quotas for this Year’s Service by Sea, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Abuses committed in the Mullers and Clothing of the Army; and also the Abuses relating to the Hof-

pita's Abroad:

And it is referred to Mr. Lawson, Sir

A Petition of the poor info! vent Debtors, now in the Debtor* Sheriff s Prison of Devon, in the Parish of St. Thomas the Eeunoa Apostle, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the poor Prisoners there are in a most deplorable andmiferable Condition, without the Necessitries of 16 ' Life,

95

Public

Accounts,

Bread Con-. trails.

ro Ann. i 9" Februarii.

Life, and under a Certainty of perishing, unless relieved by an Act of Parliament: And praying the Consideratioa of the House, and such Relief as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Ease and Relief of insolvent Debtors: And that Sir William Pole, Mr. Quick,.and Mr. ,do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Campion, from the Commissioners for taking,

examining, and dating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, acquainted the House, That they had taken several Depositions, and other Papers, relating to the Matters in their Report presented to this House; which, if the House pleased, he had ready to lay before them: And he presented the same accordingly.

And then the Order of the Day was read, for taking into further Consideration the said Report . And the said Depositions, and Papers, were read; and are as follow; viz.

Minute of Sir Solomon de Medina's Deposition, about auditing his Accounts offireadandfiread Waggons.

Die Mercurii, 17 OB. 1711.

Commission of l*ul>lick Accounts.

Sir Solomon de Medina, being sworn, and asked, among other things. Who audits his Accounts for Bread and Bread Waggons? answered. That Mr. Cardonnell and Mr. Sweet make up his Accounts of Bread and Bread Waggons, at the End of each Year.

Fra. Annejley, Will.

H. Campion,

Tho.

Hen. Bertie.

Mr. BlaythwayfoDeposition, relating to Contracts

fer Bread and Bread Waggons in Flanders.

Commission of Publick Accounts.

William Blathwayt Esquire, being sworn, faith. That

he never demanded, or took any Fees or Presents from the Contractors for Bread and Bread Waggons, nor for Convoys for them, during the time he had the Honour to serve the late King as his Secretary in Flanders-, nor did he think any Fees or Perquisites ought to be taken on account of the said Contracts. If he had conceived them to be his Right, he would have demanded them.

Jurat' 13th February 1744.

Will. Shippen, lien. Bertie,

S. Whinington,

Fra. Annejley,

Tho. Lijier.

Deposition of Robert Sambee, Clerk to Mr. Cardonnell.

9 February 1744.

Mr. Robert Sambee deposed, That he was Clerk to Mr. Cardonnell all this War: That the Fees taken by Mr. Cardonnell, as Secretary to the Duke of Marlborough, Captain General of the Forces, for Commissions passed by the General, are Six Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence for a Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, or Captain, of Horse, Dragoons, and Foot; Five Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence for a Lieutenant, and Three Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence for a Cornet, of Horse; Four Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence for a Lieutenant, and Two Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence for a Cornet, of Dragoons or Ensign of Foot; besides Five Shillings for Stamps for each Commission: And that he knows of no other Fees taken l>y the Secretary for Orders or Warrants for Convoys for Bread or Bread Waggons; or. for Convoys on any other Account: And that he never had any Directions from Mr. Cardmnellto alk or demand Fees for any

such Orders or Warrants.

Robert Sambee.

Tho. Lijier,

Hen. Bertie.

Vol. 17.

H. Campion,

S. Winninglun,

Fra. Annejley,

Will. Shippen.

Deposition of Henry Sheldon, sometime Clerk to Mr.

Cardonnell.

9* Februarii 1744.

Mr. Henry Sheldon deposed, That he was twice Clerk to Mr. Adam Cardonnell, Secretary to the Duke of Marlborough, Captain General of the Forces: That the Fees taken by the Secretary for Commissions passed by the General, are, £.6. 7 s.6d. for a Colonel, Lieutenant

Colonel, Major, and Captain; £.4. 7 6d. for a Lieu-

tenant; and £.2. 7 s.6d. for an Ensign; besides 5 for Stamps for each Commission: And that be knows of no other Fees taken by the Secretary for Orders or Wrarrants for Convoys for Bread or Bread Waggons; or for Convoys on any other Account; but takes it to be the Secretary’s Duty to draw and prepare such Orders and Warrants without Fee: And that he never had any Directions from Mr. Cardonnell to demand Fees for any such Orders or Warrants. H. Sheldon.

Tho. Lifter,

Hen. Bertie,

H. Campion,

S. Winning ton.

Fra. Annejley,

Will. Shippen.

The Deposition of Sir David about the

Forage Contract in North Britain.

Sir David Dalrymple, being sworn, deposed, That in April 1709, as he thinks, he made a Proposal to Sir Samuel Macklellan, That Sir Alexander Murray his Son-in-law, should be admitted a Partner into the ContraCfc for foraging the Troops in North Britain; and that# being at London when the Design for his said Son-in-law came first into his Thoughts, he did make the said Proposal without waiting to communicate it to his said Son-in-law; but that he acquainted him with it afterwards; and his said Son-in-law did speak to Campbell, and as the Deponent has heard, to Sir Samuel McLellan, to have a Declaration in Writing, and to be employed; and was acquainted with all that pad in the said Matter; and the Deponent did, by written Warrant from Sir Alexander, transact with John , afterSir-SamHe/’s.

Death, for £.200.

That he does not remember any body was present when he first made this Proposal; nor can he be positive, that any particular Person was present at any other lime when he difeourfed Sir Samuel concerning the Terms of the said ContraCl; but does remember, that he spoke to the said Sir Samuel about it in a Coffee House, and, as this Deponent thinks, at Old Man's, when there were several Persons fitting at the Table, but this Deponent cannot now call to mind who they were; but that he understood his Son-in-law was to have been admitted into an equal Share with Sir Samuel himself; till Sir

Samuel afterwards at Edinburgh, in August 1709, endea-

voured to persuade the Deponent, that he had not infilled to have an equal Share with him the said Sir Samuel, for Sir Alexander Murray, but at inofl for a Tenth; and that the said Sir Samuel pretended he never designed more than a Fourteenth; but offered to purchase Sir Alexander's Interest, whatever it was, and to give Two hundred Pounds Sterling for it:

That Sir Samuel, on his Death Bed, took an Obligation from Mr. John Campbell; and that for Help to his

Memory, and clearing the Matter, this Deponent took John Campbell's Affidavits before Two Juliices of the Peace at Edinburgh concerning that Obligation, Sir Alexander Murray's Letter of Commission to the Deponent above mentioned, and the receiving the Money in Sir Alexander's Name.

And faith. That Sir Samuel MLelldn died, to the bell of the Deponent’s Remembrance, on the 27th or 28th of September 1709, or about that time; and that

the

Ihihlic

Accounts.

Bread

Contracts.

96 190 Februatii.'

the said 7«An CampbeWs Obligation was, as he has heard from the said John Campbell, dictated to him by the said deceased Sir Samuel MeLeUanthe Night before, or on the Morning of that Day, he died;

He further faith, That this verbal Agreement, whereby Sir Samuelpromifed, that this Deponent’s Son-in-law

should be a Partner in a Contract to be made; and the Deponent verbally engaged. That he should be Surety for hisSon-in-law’s Performance according to the Nature of such Contracts; being proved, by Sir Samuel’s Oath, did, by the Laws of Scotland, bind the said Sir Samuel to communicate that Contract, so soon as it was made, and the Profits of it, to the said Sir; and that

Sir Samuel, so far as exceeded his own Share, was but a Trustee for the said Sir Alexander and the other Persons concerned; And this Deponent has Reason to believe, there was no other Declaration in Writing in Favour of any of the Partners not subscribing the Contract with the Government, than such as the said John Campbell gave for the Behoof of the said Sir Alexander above mentioned, and at or about the same time:

He further faith, That this Deponent could have been sued by the said Sir Samuel and Partners to have made good the Loss, if any had happened to the Copartners, in proportion to the said Sir Alexander’s Share; and that the Deponent could not have made the iaidSir Alexander liable to relieve him, unless he had approved the Deponent’s Undertaking for him; which he did: And the Deponent had too good Experience of the said Sir Alexander to doubt he would approve what the Deponent Aid propose, in a probable Prospect of Advantage and Improvement for him, though eventually there had been Loss, as there was none:

That Two hundred Pounds was paid to this Deponent, as he thinks, in December1709; but is positive, that he verbally agreed for his said Son-iu-law, about that time, being a Day or Two after the Date of the said Commission which his Son-in-law gave him:

He faith. That, upon the receiving the said Two hundred Pounds, the said Sir Alexander was acquainted with it: And though the Deponent cannot say that the very Sum or Specie received was paid to the said Sir Alexander, or his Order; yet he has had in Specie, for himftrlf and to his Family, about One hundred and Fifty Pounds since; and is Debtor to this Deponent in about Twelve Thousand Marks Scots, or about Six hundred and Seventy Pounds Sterling; for which no Account has been made: But the said Deponent told the said Sir Alexander, That he is to have Allowance of this Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling when the Accounts of these Debts are cleared: And that this Deponent is Creditor to the said Sir Alexander for another great Sum, by Land Security; but this Deponent cannot precisely tell what that Sum is at present: And that the said Sir Alexander does know the Money has been received in his Name; and that he could make this Deponent accountable for it, even though he were not willing to do it.

David

Jurat’ 15 February, 1744

Sir Alexander Murray's Order to Sir David Dalrymple Lord Advocate; and Mr. Thomas Buchanan’s Deposition.

Edinburgh, December Second, One thousand Seven hundred and Nine Years. My Lord, be pleased to receive from the Commissaries of the Army, or from Baillie John Campbell, as One of them, what your Lordship thinks fit; and I entreat you to give Receipt for the fame, which is as valid as I did it myself: I, being obliged to f*»out of Town, desires this Favour, and asks your Lorclflr j)’s Pardon for this Trouble. My Lord, your Lordship's most obedient Son and Servant.

For my Lord Advocate. Alexander Murray.

Thomas Buchanan, being sworn, depofeth, That he did not (cc Sir Alexander Murray write or sign the Letter,

whereof the above-written is a Copy; but that he knows

Sir J/exawder’sHand-writing; and believes the original Letter, which hefaw in the Polfi-flionof Mr. John Campbell, was the Hand-writing of the said Sir

Jurat’ 15 February 1744. Tho. Buchanan.

Will. Shippen,

Fra. Annejley,

Hen. Bertie,

S. Winning ton.

Mr. John Montgomery's Deposition touching the Two hundred Pounds paid Sir David Dalrymple on the Forage Contract.

Mr. John Montgomery, being sworn, depofeth, That being informed by Sir Samuel McLellan, before lie went into Scotland in 1709, That Sir David Dalrymple, and his Lady proposed. That her Son Sir Alexander Murray should be assumed a Partner in the Forage Contract, he, the Deponent, declined it, as being a young Gentleman, and unacquainted with Business: Whereupon, forae few Days after. Sir Samuel told him. That he had made an Agreement with Sir David Dalrymple, and his Lady, That Sir Alexander Murray, instead of being admitted a Sharer in the said Contract, should have Two hundred Pounds, or Two hundred Guineas, out of the Profits of the said Contract, if they proved considerable.

Jurat' 18 Febniary 1744 John Montgomerie. Hen. Campion,

S. Winnington,

Will. Shippen,

Tho. Lifter.

Mr. John Montgomerie’s Deposition touching the One hundred Guineas given by the Forage Contractors to the Earl of Leven.

That when he formerly deposed, That a Hundred Guineas was given by the Contractors of Forage to the Earl of Leven, as Commander in Chief in Scotland, for regulating of the Troops there, he did no-ways mean. That the Earl of Leven was thereby to be influenced to dispose of the Troops at such Places as would be prejudicial to the Service of the Government, and advantageous to the Contractors; nor that ever any such Bargain was proposed, or made thereanent, to the belt of this Deponent's Knowledge.

John Montgomerie.

Jurat’ 18 February 18 February 1744

Coram, H. Campion,

Will. Shippen,

S. Winnington,

Tho. Lifter.

Deposition of William Livingston Esquire, touching an Allowance of One hundred Guineas to the Commander in Chief in North Britain by the Commissioners for Forage.

William Livingston, Esquire, maketh Oath, That several Years before the Union, he had known the General or Commander in Chief in Scotland to have received Forage for his Horses from the Commissaries of the Army out of their Magazines: That, in the Year 1693, when the Deponent was concerned in the Forage Contracts himself, there was 100 Guineas given to my Lord Tiviot, then Commander in Chief; and, in the Year 1697, when the Deponent was likewise one of the Commissaries, the Keeper of their Magazines delivered Forage to the General’s Servants for his Horses, which he, and the rest of the Commissaries, allowed of; and, therefore, that no Money was given that Year:

And farther maketh Oath, That there was a Stop.-page made of so much out of the Pound of the Pay of the General, as well as other Officers and Soldiers, towards the defraying the Expences of foraging the Troops, so far as I do remember.

He farther depofeth. That the Commissaries gave my Lord Tiviot a Present of One hundred Guineas, in Expectation that they should have his Favour and Countenance; and that he often addressed the General to quarter the Troops in some Places, where Forage was easy and

plentiful

io Ann. 19’ — 20

plentiful; which the General complied with, being an Advantage to the Troops, and bo Detriment to the Government.

Wm. Livingston.

Jurat, 18* Februarii 1744.

Coram H. Campion,

Will.

S. Winnington,

Tho. Lifler.

' Februdrii. 97

ments made by him to the Contractors for furnishing Bread and Bread Waggons, in the Low is

Publick Money, and ought to be accounted for.

Ordered, That the said Report of the Commissioners of Accounts, together with the Examinations and Depositions relating the reunto, with the Resolutions of this House thereupon, and her Majesty’s gracious An-fvrer to the said Resolutions laid before her, be printed.

4

And those Parts of the said Report which related to Mr. Cardonnell and Sir David Dalrymple, therein named, were read.

And Mr. Cardonnell was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the taking a Gratuity of Five hundred Gold Ducats annually from the Contractors for Bread and Bread Waggons, for the Army in the Low,

by Adam Cardonnell Esquire, Secretary to the General there, a Member of this House, was unwarrantable and corrupt;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tenets for »Ue Yeas, gfc

Tellers for the Noes, } 10°-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Member Then a Motion being made, and the Question being expelled, put, That the said Adam Cardonnell Esquire be, for the said Offence, expelled this House j

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f ] , J5-

Tellers for the Noes, ] 99-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Sir David Dalrymple was heard in his Place.

Then that Part of the said Report was read which related to Mr. Sweet, Deputy Paymaster at

Resolved, That the One per Cent, received by Mr. Sweet, Deputy Paymaster at Amsterdam, upon the Pay-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Publication ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the of Libels, whole House, to consider of that Part of her Majesty’s Message to the House, the 17th of January last, which relates to the great Licence taken in publishing false and scandalous Libels.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- Recruiting ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Land . House, to consider farther of the Bill for recruiting her I orces‘ Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 171*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 20° die Februarii;

Anno lo* Annas Reginae, 1711.

XSImSCHE

B 6TAATS-fe IB LI OTHER ttUENCHEN

Prayers.

LI EUTEN ANT General Erie presented to the Punishing House, according to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters; and for the Leertion. better Payment of the Army, and Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Brydges, presented to the House, pursuant to Pay of their Address to her Majesty, and by her Majesty’s Command, a Particular of the Pay to General and Staff Officers, and for Waggon and Forage Money in Flanders i

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Particular is as followeth; viz.

A Particular of the Pay to the General and Staff Officers, and for Waggon and Forage Money in;

General and Staff Officers.

Commander in Chief -

Six Aids de Camp, each ior. - -

General of the Foot -

Three Aids de Camp, each 10 Nine Lieutenants General, each £.4 Eighteen Aids de Camp, each tos. -Five Majors General, each £. 2 -

Five Aids de Camp, each for. -Eight Brigadiers, each £.110 Eight Majors of Brigade, each lor.

Adjutant General -

Quarter-master General - -

Deputy Quarter-master

Deputy Paymaster -

Secretary to the Commander in Chief -Chaplain to the Commander in Chief Physician to the Commander in Chief -

Surgeon to the Commander in Chief - -

Deputy Judge Advocate -Waggon-master General and Assistant Provost Marshal at 6s. and Two Men each 3*. a Day

Per Diem* £. S. d. IO ——

6 ——

1 10 —

36 —

9 ——

10 ——

2 10 —

12 ——

4 ——

— 10 —

— 10 —

5

12 10

6

— 10 —

— 10 —

— 10 —

— 7 i-i

— 12 —

99 3 3i

— 12 6

— 68

Per Annum.

S.

182

91 228

182

121

182 182 182 130 — 219 —

d.

10

3.650 1.095

2,190 547

13,140 ——

3,285 ——

3.650 ——

912 10 —

4,380 — - — 1,460 — — 182 IO —

10

5

2

10

*3

10

10

10

36,195 — 10

VOL. I?.

Cc

Waggon

Minehead

Harbour.

Ditto.

Carlisle, &c. Elections.

Norwich W oi'khouic.

98 20" Februarii. A. 1711.

Waggon and Forage Money. General of the Horse - - - - * - Three Aids de Camp, each 4 - - - -General of the Foot ----- ----- Three Aids de Camp, each 4 - - -- --Nine Lieutenants General, each 30 - -- --Five Majors General, each 24 ----- --- Twenty-nine Aids de Camp, each 4- - -Eight Brigadiers, each 12 - Eight Majors of Brigade, each 3 ----- -- Quarter mailer General - -- -- --Deputy Paymaster - -- - Judge Advocate ----- Provost Marshal ----- ----- - Waggon-mailer General - -- Rations a Day. 40 12 40 12 270 120 Il6 96 24 6 6 4 3 2 For 200 Days. Gl. S.

Two Regiments of Dragoons of NineTroops each, at 60 Rations aDay each Troop, for 200 Days - -- -One Regiment of Dragoons of SixTroops, at 60 Rations a Day each Troop, for 200 Days - -- --Twenty Battalions of Foot, at 60 Rations aDay each Battalion, for 200 Days 751 at 6 St. 1,080 at 4 St. 360 at 4 St. 1,200 at 6 St. 45,060 — — 43,200 14,400 72,000 — —

Total - - -u. c* 0 1

Which Sum of 174,660 Gl. at 10 St. to the Pound Sterling, makes -Waggon-money for Twenty Battalions - - - jr. s. d. 16,634 6 3 4,000

Total - 20,634 6 3

Lanfdoxvne.

Ordered, That the said Particular be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Gwyn presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for prolonging the Term for Payment of certain Duties granted by an Act, in the 12th and 13th Years of his late Majesty King William intituled, An Act for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the Firfi. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of divers Persons inhabiting within the Counties of Gloucesterand Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of his late Majesty King William, for repairing the Highways ..... of Birdlip, and the Top of Crickin the County of Gloucester, a Turnpike was erected, and a Toll granted upon all Carriages and Cattle passing that Way; as also Six Pence in the Pound upon the adjacent Townships: That, by means thereof, great Sums have been raised; but the said Way remains in a ruinous and almost impassable Condition; And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill for prolonging the Term for Payment of certain Duties granted by an Act, in the 12th and 13th Years of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland-, and for the Borough of Pembroke, in the County of Pembroke; be received upon Saturday Morning next.

the City and County of Norxvich, as also of the Sheriffs and Grand Jury of the said City and County, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden by Adjournment, for the said City and County of Norwich, to the 2 2d Day of January, Anno Domini 1711, relating to the Bill forereftinga Workhouse in the City and County of the City of Norxvich, for the belter employing and maintaining the Poorthere, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth the great Advantages the passing the said Bill would be to the said City and County, and their Delire of and Consent thereto: And praying,

The said Bill may pass; and that all Occupiers of Houses and Lands in the County of the City of Nor-ivich may be charged for and towards the erecting the said Workhouse there.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to W’hom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive aClause, to explain and make more effectual a Clause in an Act, of the nth and 12th Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for confirming a Leal'e, and certain Indentures, between the City of Norxvich, and Richard

Barry Esquire, George Soooocold Gentleman, and Richard

Soame Merchant; and for enlightening the Streets of the said City; relating to the Enlightening of the Streets.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itl'elf into a Committee of the Limiting whole House, upon the Bill for securing the Freedom Officers, m of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers 1116 1 oulc* fitting in the House of Commons.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wortley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wortley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of her Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of The House being informed, That one from the Sir j.

Secretary’s arts f’om-

m;i)iun.

xo Ann. 20° — 21* Februarit.

99

Secretary’s Office attended, according to Order, with the Commission to Sir James Wijhart;

He was called in 5 and, at the Bar, presented to the House the said Commission.

And then withdrew.

And the Commission was read, Tcjle 26°

1711:

And afterwards delivered back to the same Person who presented it.

Scotch Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords,

EpiiVopnl to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the disturbing

Communion, those of the Epifeopal Communion in that Part of Great Britain called Scoin the Exercise of their religious Worship, and in the Use of the Liturgy of the Church of England; and for repealing the Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act against irregular Baptisms and Marriages; be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Supply. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the Matters to them referred j and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Treaties for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

h ring, foreign |ier Majesty, That die will be pleased to give Directions

Troops. to the prGper officers to lay before this House all Treaties, or Conventions, for the hiring foreign Troops in her Majesty’s Pay and Service.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Committees. Crdcred, That all Committees be revived.

Stanmore Ordered, That Sir Richard Child, Mr. Mr.

ltouds. J Yard, Mr. Levenz, Sir Geo. Mr. JohnJ'on,

Mr. Bridges, Mr. Clark, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr.

zon, Mr. Winfanley, and all for London, ,be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Highway between a certain Place called Mile

Stone, and the Town of Stanmore Magna, in the County of Middlesex, is committed.

Norwich Ordered, That Mr. Warner, Mr. Mr.

Workhouse. ston, Mr. Szvift, Mr. SMr. Webb, Mr. Quick, Mr.

Blanch, Mr. Orchard, Mr. Cage, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for erecting a Workhouse in the City and County of the City of for the

better employing and maintaining the Poor there, is . committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 21

Anno 10° Annas Regime, 1711.

Prayers.

Debtors A PETITION of the poor distressed Prisoners for

Edition. l\ Debt in the Poullrey Compter, London, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That their Number in the said Prison is great, and their Miseries very extreme: That they arc willing, upon Oath to deliver up all they have, for the Satisfaction of their Creditors: And praying. That an Act of Parliament may pass, this Session, for the Relief of them, and others under the ike Circumstances.

Voj,. 17.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of a great Number of both Sexes, poor Debtor* insolvent Debtors, labouring under a miserable Con- Petition, finement, in her Majesty s Prison of Ludgale, Freemen and Freewomen of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more in the several Prisons in the Kingdom of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, That the Petitioners have long laid in a miserable Confinement reduced thereto by great Losses, unforeseen Accidents, and Decay of Trade; and mull inevitably perish, unless relieved by this honourable House: And praying such Relief as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Sir George Warburton be added to F.leflions. — the Gentlemen, who are to prepare and bring in the Fraudulent Bill for the more effectual preventing fraudulent Con- y^'splyl"8 veyances, in order to multiply Votes for electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Auditor Harley presented to the House, pursu- Process ant to their Address, and by her Majesty’s Command aSamft a Warrant to Mr. Borrett, to take care that Process do Accountant*' issue against Accountants that do not pass their Accounts: And also.

An Account of how much of the Sum of Thirty-five millionsThree hundred Two thousand One hundred and Seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence, hath been accounted for, before the Auditors of her Majesty's Imprest.Sjfince the Report of the Committee of Parliament in April 1711; by whom, and when; and what Obstructions have arisen in accounting for the fame: And,

A Certificate from the Auditor of the Imprefts, how far the Imprest Accountants have passed their Accounts.

And the Titles thereof were read.

The said Warrant, Account, and Certificate, are as follow, viz.

The Warrant to Mr. Borret.

Aftermy hearty Commendations: Havingconsidered the Representation, of which the within-written is a true Copy, and approving thereof; These are to authorize and direct you to take care, that all the Matters and Things therein and thereby prescribed for the Solicitor of the Treasury to do, be carefully and duly done and performed by you 5 and that your Proceedings thereupon be, from time to time, represented in the Manner, and according to the Method, thereby proposed: And for so doing this shall be your Warrant. Whitehall,

Treasury Chambers, the 16th -August 1711.

Oxford.

To my very loving Friend Wat.Borret Esquire, Solicitor for the Affairs of the Treasury.

The Representation mentioned in the said Warrant is as follows;

To the Right honourable Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain.

May it please your Lordfiiip,

In Obedience to your Lordship’s Order of the 4th of June, we have attended Mr. Attorney and Solicitor General, and advised with them of the most effectual Methods for making out the Process of the Exchequer against Accountants in Default, and for the due Execution of the fame; and by whose Approbation do humbly propose;

That the Solicitor of the Treasury be directed to take care, that the Process be regularly issued against such Imprest Accountants as shall appear to be in Arrear by the Certificates of the Auditors of the Imprefts to the Queen’s Remembrancer; as also, against all Persons Handing insuperupon any Imprest or other Accounts:

That the like Directions may be given with respect to the Receivers of the Land Tax who are behind with their

Accounts;

too 21® Februarii. A. 1711.

have had very little Effect; it is therefore proposed. That in all Cases where a has once been issued

without taking ElFe6t, the several Solicitors should be directed to take out a Capias ad computandum the next Term, to secure the Person of the Accountant till he gives Security for his rendering a due Account.

I approve of the Method proposed.

Edward July 23d, 1711.

I likewise approve of this Method.

Robert Raymond. July 30th, 1711.

The Method proposed.

Froeefc Accounts; as also the Solicitors of the Customs, Ex-sgamft cife> Post Office, Salt and Stamp Duties, with respect to ccoun an . perfous Handing infupon the Accounts of those

Revenues:

And that the Effect of such Process may appear, it is humbly proposed, that the same may be represented by each Solicitor, in the Beginning of every Term, to your Lordship, in the following Method; and that a Copy thereof be, each Term, transmitted to the Auditors of the Impreils, and the Auditors of the Land Revenue: And whereas many of the Accountants have no vifi-ble Eft ate in Land; and it has been found, by long Experience, That the issuing Distringas ad computandum

Accountants Process issued Reasons why Accounts Persons Handing Process issued Reasons why Insuper Ac-

appearing to be against -and exe- Process has not brought in to the insuper upon the against, and Process is not counts brought

in Arrear, by the Certificate of the Auditors of the Imprefts. cuted upon such Accountants. been executed. Auditors since the Ifiuing of Process. Accounts of the Army, fyc, for which no Account has been rendered. executed upon, such Account-auts. executed. in Imre the iafi Certificate.

An Account {hewing how much of the Sum of Thirty-five millions Three hundred and Two thousand One hundred and Seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence, of the Monies granted by Parliament, and issued for the Publick Service to Christmas 1710, which appeared to remain unaccounted {hr the lull Session of Parliament, has been since accounted for before the Auditors of the Impreils; and by whom, and when; and what Obstructions have arisen in accounting for the fame.

By the Treasurer of the Navy.

Paym after of the Army. Marines.

Transport Service.

TreasurerforSick and Wounded.

Lord Falkland's Executors, in an Account of the Navy for a Year ending at Christmas 1685 ——

The late Lord Falkland's Executors, in their Account for a Year and a Quarter, to Lady Day 168 7 - - -

Sir Thomas Littleton, in an Account of the Navy for a Year to Christmas 1703 ——

Sir 77to.Littleton's Executors, in their Account for a Year to the 31st December 1704 ——

Late Earl of lianelagh, in his Account of Hospital for Seven

Years to the 31 ft March 1699

WallerWhi/Jidd Esquire, in his Account for two Years to Christmas

1707 "

Captain Samuel Atknsion, and others, late Commissioners, in their Account of the whole Service in Ireland, and of that in Flanders, to the End of 1692, commencing from February 1689, and extending to 31st of May 1702 -

Mr. Mason, in an Account for the Transport Service for a Year to the

12th of January 1706 ——

Thomas Micklcthwaite Esquire, Treasurer, in his Account from 1708 to Michaelmas 1709 ——

Mr. Micklcthwaite, in an Account for a Year to Michaelmas 1710

Captain Thomas Savory, in his Account for Sick and Wounded for a Year to Christmas 1707 - -

Captain Thomas S'uvery, Treasurer, in his Account to the laftof/«fle 1708

£ s. d.

31Jb5-2 18 1

5(56,776 ’9 4*

1,801,700 11 5*

1,833,056 5 if

I27>°34 — nf

*7 2

577.051 . 5

95,082 16 11

247,767 16 282,101 — 3

67.435 8

3,36b 5 ioi

As to the Obstructions that have arisen in the accounting for the Remainder of the said Thirty-five millions, for which the following Persons are accountable before the said Auditors; they humbly certify this I louse, That all the Accounts of the late Earl of and James

Esquire for the Pay of the Forces, then undeclared, do ftiil remain lb, for want of Privy Seals for authorizing several of their Payments; for which Privy Seals are prepared, and have been laid before the late and present Lord Privy Seals, in order to be passed: The Allowances to be made thereby to the Earl of Ranclagh will amount to /.3,856,24s ior. lie?.; and Mr. Brydges' Accounts, made up and adjusted for Declaration, and which wait only the passing the said Privy Seals, will amount to/.3,850,212 15 3

That the Executrix of Sir Thomas Lillldon, late Treasurer of the Navy, hasdelivered in her Account, 1706; which is ingrossing.and almost ready for Declaration: She has also delivered her Ledger Accounts, 1707 and 1708; which are under Examination; but cannot be perfected f >r want of the voluntary Charge, Imprest Roll, and Payments on Ships Pool:"'.

Mr.

6,133,571 15 zl

j

io Ann.

n

Februarii:

101

Mr. Walpolchw also delivered in his Ledger Account for the Year *710,' which is drawn and ingrossed, and may soon be ready for Declaration.

Samuel Atkinson and Nicholas Roope Esquires, late Commissioners for Transportation, have delivered in their final Accounts of Money received during the present War; wherein they demand several Allowances in Discharge of the Sum of £.59,000* which remained to be accounted for the last Session of Parliament: which is under Examination.

They have also an Account of the late War in , from the Year

1692 (amounting to £.358,124 17 s.the Cash Part of which, to wit, Receipts, and Payments of Money, is made up, and ready to be laid before the Lord Treasurer.

Walter Whitfield Esquire, late Paymaster of the Marines, has delivered in his Account for a Year to Christmas 1708; which is under Examination.

Captain Thomas Savory has delivered in his Accounts for Three Years to 30th June 1711; which are under Examination.

Hip said Mr. Mickle/hwai/e, in his Account for a Year to Michaelmas last, which is made up for Declaration, has paid out of the Money issued to him, to Christmas 1710, the Sum of£.35,994 19J. id.

The several Sums for which Accountsare foadjufted, do amount to the} Sum of£. 8,150,581 2 s.8jd.; which, with the Sum of£.6,133,571 i5J.2id.^ does, in the Whole, amount to the Sum of -

aolU February,7W. f Mah^arirg.

5

Process

against,

14,203,152

s. 17

d.

nf

The Certificate from the Auditors, of the Imprefts, how far the Imprest Accountants have passed their Accounts, is as follows; viz.

To the Honourable the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled.

In Obedience to an Order of this honourable House, dated the nth of December last, the Auditors of the Imprefts do humbly certify how far the Imprest Accountants have passed their Accounts.

Offices.

Treasurer of? the Navy. J

Names of Officers.

Sir Edward Sq/mour

Lord Falkland -

Earl of Or -

Sir Th&maS Littleton

Accounts patted.

His Account of the French War to Midsummer 1681.

His final Account of the Navy to MidJ'ummer 1681.

His Accounts to 31st cember 1685.

His Account to Lady Day 1687 is ready for Declaration; and his Account to Lady day 1688 (tops for the preceding Account.

The Executors have also lately delivered in his final Account, which goes to the 4th April 1689.

His final Account of the Victualling will be ready to be passed, so soon as some Observations 1 hereupon are answert-d and cleared.

His Account for the Year 1705 is almost ready for Declaration.

His Accounts for the Years 1706 and 1707 are preparing for Declaration. Robert Walpole, Esquire, His Account for a Year to Christmas 1710, is examined and ingrossed, and may soon

be ready for Declaration.

His Account to 30th of*

June 1706.

His final Account of he Navy to November 1699.

His Accounts from 29th of May 1699 to Christmas 1704.

Accounts lying before them, in order to be passed.

Treasurer of 7 the Ordnance )

Commissioners and Treasurer / for Sick and/

wounded.

The honourable Major General Al or daunt - -

Mr Pop«r, late Trea-7 surer - - - J

Mr. Addi/on, and} others, during the > late War - - ]

Captain Savery, the} present Treasurer 5

His Account from Lady day 1695 to Lady-day 1699.

Their Accounts for the whole Time of their Commission; upon the last there remains a Balance of £.2,266 19*. in their Hands; upon which they have some Demands now lying before the Lord High Treasurer.

His Account to Midsummer 7°7-

His Account to 30th of June 1708 is almost ready for Declaration.

His Account to 30th of June 1709 is under Examination.

His Account to 30th of June 1710 was delivered the 16th Instant.

His Account of Arrears in the late War is preparing for Declaration.

His Account of the present War for Two Years, to Midsummer 1704, will soon be reafly for Declaration, if duly prosecuted; Observations having been, some time since, sent the Commissioners fbf their Answer.

Vol. 17.

His Account to Midfumrner 1708 is ready for Declaration.

His Account to Midsummer 1709 is preparing for Declaration.

His Accounts to Mi 1711 are lately delivered in.

D d 'Paymaster

102

2i° Februarii.

A.

1711

Profffj again (I

Accountant*.

Offices.

Names of Officers.

Paymaster of \ the Guards > and Garrisons)

Treasurers of Tangier

Earl of Ranelag 7

late Paymaster 3

Mr. How, the present Paymaster the Guards Garrisons

he pre-'J

after off Is and f

Wm. Harbord, Ef- quire, latePaymaf- f ter of the Forces f in Ireland, J James Brydges Ef- 1

quire, the present I Paymaster - - J

Transport

Service.

Wm. Hnver, Esquire, Executor to muel Pepys, Esquire^ late Treasurer -

The said Wm.

Esquire, succeed- I ing the said Mr.j Pepys - -

The Commissioners’) of the said Service t

Accounts passed.

His Accounts from the ill of January 1690 to Christmas 1701; upon which there being a Balance of £.4.901,714 i8r. of d.his Lordship hath applied to be discharged by Privy Seal; which has been a considerabletime prepared, but is not yet passed.

His Account of Poundage for Chelsea Hospital, to the 31st March 1699.

His Accounts from the Time of entering upon his Office to Christmas 1708.

His Accounts of Poundage for Chelsea Hospital, from the Time of entering upon his Office to the same time.

Accounts lying before them, in order to be passed.

His Account for the Half-year to Christmas 1705.

His Account for Three Years ending December 1677.

JoknNuting Gentleman, appointed Treasurer for Transport Service.

Charles Mason, Eff quire - - - j

77/o. Micklethwait Esquire, the present I Treasurer - - j Million Lottery Sir John Humble Ba-t ronct -

Their Account for the First Year of the present War.

Their Account of the late War, so far as relates to the Expence of the Irish War, and the Flanders Service to the Year 1692.

His Account for this Service from nth of January 1705 to 1 ath of January 1706.

His Account to Michaelmas 1710.

His Account to Michaelmas 1710.

His final Account foF the Year 1702 is drawn up by us according to such Vouchers are before us; but is not prosecuted, the Accountant conceiving, that therein should be inserted the Allowances intended him by the said Privy Seal.

His Account of Chelsea Hospital from 3ill of March 169910 Christmas 1702 has been examined, and the Defeats thereof represented to his Lordship; but very few of them are settled.

His Account of the Army, and Hospital, for the Year 1709, is ready for Declaration.

His Accounts of the Army, and Hospital, for a Year to Christmas 1710, are preparing for Declaration.

His Executors have long since exhibited an Account, which lies unprosecuted.

His Accounts of the Forces in Flanders, Porlugaldiid Spain, to Christmas 1706, wait only a Privy Seal, which is not yet passed.

His Accounts of the Forces in Flanders, Portugal and Spain, for the Year 1707, will be perfected for Declaration as soon as the preceding Account is declared, and a like Privy Seal procured.

His Accounts for the Years 1708 and 1709 are under Examination.

His final Account from December 1677 to the last of July 1680, as also his Intereli Account, which was exhibited before our time, together with his Demands as Clerk of the Acts of the Navy, and Secretary of the Admiralty, are examined, and a State thereof ready to be laid before the Treasury.

His Account from June 1681 to day 1684 W'H- he ready for Declaration when Mr. Pepys' Accounts are passed.

And a State of his final Account to the id of April 1689, was also, some time since, delivered into the Treasury.

A State of that Part of their Account which is for the Flanders Service, from 1692, and goes to the End of the Year 1702, is prepared.

Their Account of Stores is also lately delivered in.

The Account of the late and West

India Expedition, Anno 1702, lies before the Treasury; and they have also delivered in their Accounts of Receipts and Payments of Money for the whole Time they were concerned therein; to wit, the 29th of March 1704.

Has delivered an Account of Money received by him for that Service from 29th of March 1704 to 24th June 1705, which is not profequted.

He is accountable to 1 ith of Jan. 1705. His Account to the 1 Sth of 1707,

if duly prosecuted, would loon be ready for Declaration.

He is accountable to April 1708.

His Account to Michaelmas Jail 1 711 is ready for Declaration.

His Account to Michaelmas 1711 is preparing for Declaration.

Malt

Call of the House.

Recruiting Land Forces

Limiting

Officers in the iloufe.

10 Ann. 2i° Februarii. 103

Offices. Names of Officers. Accounts patted. Accounts lying before them, in order to be patted.

Malt Lottery. Nehemiali Arnold Gen-} tleman, present Pay- mailer - - - - -j The. Jett Gentleman,) deceased - - - -j Tho. Jett Gentleman,! the present Pay-> m after - - - - -) His Accounts to Michaelmas 1709. His Account to Michaelmas 1710 will soon be ready for Declaration.

Pay mailer of] the Interest ( on nnfatisfied / Debentures. \ His Accounts from April 1704 to April 1708. Has delivered in an Account from April 1708 to August 1711; which is prepairing for Declaration.

Paymaster of'j the Interest of J Money ad-) vanced upon Annuities. J The Trustees'j for circulat- I ing Exche- ( quer Bills. J Marines IVm. Clayton Esquire, Walter Whitfield Ef-} quire, the present > I Paymaster - - -' His Accounts of that Service to the 5 th of May 1711. Their Accounts to Midsummer 1709. His Accounts to 1 mas 1707. The said Trullees Account to Midsummer 1710 is ready for Declaration; and is their final Account of that Office. His Account to Christmas 1708 is under Examination.

Jacob Vand

i His Accounts of the Pay of the Dutch, Danes, and Sax Gotha, Forces, have been dated, and laid before this honourable House.

Henry Vincent, Deputy'1 Pay mailer of the Forces

under the Command I Has delivered an Account of Money received and paid by him} a State of which of the Earl of Pe- (has been made, and read at the Treasury.

terborough in Spain,

in

1705.

s

Exhibited an Account, the 5th of January 1709, for Monies by him received for de-

ortifv

Colonel Jof. Bennett - < fending the Garrison during the Siege, and fortifying the same afterwards; which is

{not prosecuted.

Captain John Webb, succeeding the said Bennett as to the paying for the Fortifications at Gibraltar - -

Has lately exhibited an Account of Money by him received, for the Fortifications of that Garrison; which being referred to us by the late Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, we have examined the said Accounts, and laid the same before the Lord Treasurer.

Mr. Lionel JJerne Mr. Samuel Edwards

Their Account of Money and Exchequer Bills imprefied to them, for discharging the Interest to grow due on Exchequer Bills made forth by the Act for enlarging the > Capital Stock of the Bank of England, from the 2 2d of June 1709 to Midsummer 1710, J is preparing for Declaration.

And their Account from thence to Midsummer 1711, is lately delivered in.

All which is humbly submitted.

20th February 1711. E. Harley.

A.

Ordered, That the said Warrant, Account, and Certificate, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1712.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Manley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Manley reported from the Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider farther of the said Bill.

Mr. Wortley reported from the Committee of . the whole House, to whom the Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the number of Officers fitting in the House of Commons, was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

V o L."l 7-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the scotch Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Episcopal An Act to prevent the disturbingthofeof the Episcopal Communion. Communion in that Part of Great Britain called in the Exercise of their religions Worship, and in the Use of the Liturgy of the Church of England; and for repealing the Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled. Aft against irregularBaptisms and Marriages:

And the same are as follow; viz

1 Press, 17 and 18 Lines, leave out " having Episcopal " Ordination," and in (lead thereof, insert " ordained " by a Protestant Bishop, and who are not established " Ministers of any Church or Parish

26 L. after " Place," insert " Parish Churches 33 L. before " Bishop," insert "Protestant:"

2 P. L. 6. leave out from "That" to "Provided," in the 14 L. and read Clause marked A:

ClauseAfollows; viz.AH Ministers of the Established Church of Scotland, and all and every Person and Persons who is or are Pallor or Pallors, Minister or Ministers, of any Episcopal Congregation in Scolhall be obliged, and are hereby required, on or before the First Day of August next to come, to take and subscribe the fol-

lowing Oaths, in such Manner, and under such Penalties, as all Officers Civil and Military in Scotland are obliged to take the Oath in the Fourteenth Act of the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government:

104

a i° — 22° Februarii 1711.

5e«tch ment: And that all Ministers of the Established Church of Scotland hereafter to be admitted into their respective Churches or Benefices, and all and every Person and Persons who shall' hereafter be Pastor or Pallors, Mi-nifter or Ministers, of any Episcopal Congregation, shall, before such Admission, or Exercise of their respective Functions, be obliged to take and subscribe like wife the following Oaths, in the same manner, and wider the same Penalties, above mentioned:

" I, A. B: do sincerely promise and swear. That I will " be faithful, end bear true Allegiance, to her Majesty " Queen Anne; So help me God " I, A. B. do truly and sincerely acknowledge, profess, tell ify, and declare, in my Conscience, before God and the World, That our Sovereign Lady Queen Anne is lawful and rightful Queen of this Realm, and of all "other her Majesty’a Dominions and Countries there-' " unto belonging: And I do solemnly and sincerely de- dare, That I do believe in my Conscience, the Person " pretended to be Prince of during the Life of

" the late King Jamesand, since his Decease, pretending to be, and taking upon himself the Style and Title of King of England, by the Name of James the Third,

" or of Scotland, by the Name of James the Eighth, or " the Style and Title of King of Great hath not

*' any Right or Title whatsoever to the Crown of this " Realm, or any other the Dominions thereunto belonging: And I do renounce, refuse, and abjure any " Allegiance or Obedience to him: And I do swear, That " I will bear Faith and true Allegiance to her Majesty " Queen Anne, and her will defend, to the utmoli of my Power, against all traiterous Conspiracies and Attempts whatsoever, which shall be made against her " Person, Crown, or Dignity: Aud I will do my bed Endeavour tod ifclofe and make known to her Majesty, and her Successors, all Treasons, and traiterous Conspiracies, which 1 shall know to be against her, or any of them. And 1 do faithfully promise, to the utmost of " my Power, to support, maintain, and defend, the Succession of the Crown against him the said and

"all other Persons whatsoever; which Succession is " and stands settled (by an Act, intituled, An Act dedaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and " settling the Succession of the Crown) to her present Majesty, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants; and which (by One other Act, intituled, An Act " for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better " securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject) is and *' stands settled and entailed, after the Decease of her Majesty, and for Default of Issue of her Majesty, to " the Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowager " of Hanover, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protes- tants: And all these things Ido plainly and sincerely " acknowledge and swear, according to these express " Words by me spoken, and according to the plain and u common Senseand Understanding of the same Words, " without any Equivocation, mental Evasion, or secret " Reservation whatsoever: And I do make this Recognition. Acknowledgment, Abjuration, Renunciation, " and Promise, heartily, willingly, and truly, upon the " true Faith of a Christian: So help me God

3 Pr. i L. after " choose," insert " except Parish " Churches

15 L. leave out "either:"

17 L. instead of " or," insert " and 21 L after " Marriages," insert "and the Ministers of the Parish Churches are hereby obliged to publish the said Banns; and in case of Neglect or Refusal, it shall be sufficient to publish the said Banns in any Episcopal Congregation alone; any Law, Statute, or Custom, whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding."

4 Pr. 7 L. leave out " Lords," and insert "Court:"

8 L. leave out " at Edinburgh, or in their Circuits," and, instead thereof, insert " or other Judge " or Judges competent:"

12 L. leave out " Lords," and insert "Court;" and, after " Justiciary," insert "or other Judge or " Judges competent:"

27 L. leave out " Lords," and insert " Court;"

and after " Justiciary" leave out " at , or in

" theirand, in the next Line, leave out " Circuits 5 Pr. 21 L. after "deprived," leave out "of his " Church, or Ecclesiastical Living," and insert " and " declared incapable of any Church, or Ecclesiastical " Living, during the Space of Three Years

27 L. after " Act," insert " and be declared " incapable of officiating as Pastor of any Episcopal " Congregation, during the Space of three Years." The First, Second, and Third, of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Fourth Amendment being read,a Second time; The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made therein; viz.

Press 2. L. 14, to leave out "which Succession," and, instead thereof, to insert " as the same :"

L. 18, to leave out " which," and, instead thereof, insert, " as the fame

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The rest of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Simeon Stuart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, with some Amendments to One of them: To which Amendments this House desires their Lord-lliips Concurrences.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

V zneris, 2 2* die Februarii;

Anno 10° Ann® Regin®, 1711.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Mr. PitMr. Worjley, Mr. Abuses i« Hampden, Mr. Shuttleworlh, Colonel Mr. ArmyMu*

Poidtney, Mr. Sheppard, Lord Thomond, be added to ters* c* the Committee appointed to consider of the Almfes committed in the Mullers and Clothing of the Army; and also the Abuses relating to the Hospitals abroad.

Sir Robert Danvers presented to the House, according American to Order, a Bill for the Relief of the Merchants import- Pn«Goud«> ing Prize Goods from America: and the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Secretary St. John acquainted the House, That Answer to their Address having been presented to her Majesty, Addicts. That all Treaties or Conventions for hiring Troops in her Majesty’s Pay and Service may be laid before this.

House, her Majesty has been pleased to give Directions therein: And that several of them being long, Copies were making of them, and would be dispatched as loon aspofiible: And, in the mean time, he presented to the House a Copy of a Convention between her Majesty, the States General, and the Elector Palatine, for maintaining Three thousand Men, concluded at the Hague, the 26th of May 1706: And,

A Translation thereof.

And the Titles thereof were read.

The Translation of the said Treaty is as follows; viz. * *

Ordered, That the said Copies be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Bracebridge reported from the Committee, to Puffin* whom the Bill for the more ealy passing Sheriffs Accounts, was committed. That they had made several Accounts‘

21 Amendments

toANtf. 12* — 23®

Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; itfid afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That tire Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

leave of Ordered, That Mr. Henry Vernon have Leave to go

Able nee. into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

limiting Ordered, That the ingossed Bill for securing the Omcerstn Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of t e ou e. officers fitting in the House of Commons, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Supply. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into

a. Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers acquainted the House, That he was direified by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Remittances Resolved, That an bumble Address be profen ted to her

« Money Majesty, That she will be pleased to give Directions, That

Foreign an Account may be laid before this House of the Remittances of Money for the foreign Service during this present War; at what Rates, and upon what Terms and Conditions, the said Remittances have been made.

Ordered, That the said Address be prefeuted to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Committesi. A Motion being made, and the Quell ion being put. That all Committees be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That the Committee who are to draw up the Representation to be presented to her Majesty, have Leave to fit in a Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbat f 23° die Februarii An no io* Ann® Regime, 1711.

PRA V ER6.

HP H E House being informed, That some of the Com-Prue Goods. X missioners of the Customs attended;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, touching Bonds given at Jamaica for the Duty ou Prize Goods: And,

An Account of Bonds transmitted from Jamaica: And, Vo 1. 17

Febfuariu 105

An Extract of the Account of Bonds transmitted from Jamaica: And,

A Certificate of the same and Circumstances of the Securities in the Jamaica Bonds: And also,

Mr. Bedford's Letter from Jamaica to the Commifi. fionqrs of the Customs.

And the Title of the said Return, and other Papers* were read.

The Return, and other Papers, are bound up with the other Papers of this Sellioa.

Ordered, That the said Return, and other Papers, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingossed Rill to continue the Act of the lall Session Pnbllfc

of Parliament, for taking, examining, and stating, the Accounts; publick Accounts of the Kingdom, for One Year longer, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the Act of the last Session of Parliament, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom , for One Year longer.

Ordered, That Colonel Grahme do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

The Handing Orders of the House, of the 6th of Fe- Vesey's bruary 1707, relating to private Bills touching Estates in Ireland, were read, in relation to the Bill for confirming to Agmondijkam Vesey, Esquire, and his Children, the Benefit intended by an Act, passed in the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for their Relief; and for discharging him and them of the Rents and Profits of their Estate incurred before the Palling of the said Act.

Then the said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho.

Hammer, Mr. Smith, Mr, Hey/ham, Mr. Peyton, Mr.

Conyers, Mr. Sheppeard, Mr. Carnegy, Sir Robinson, Lord Doume, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Shackerly, Mr.

Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr

Lord Cajllecomber, Mr. Wortley, Captain Burgh, Mr;

Jennings, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Robinson, Mr.

Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Prije, Mr.

Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir John Morda Mr. England, Mr. Page, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Hen. Bunbury, Mr. Butted,

Mr. Loivnds, Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Bison, Mr. Tlwmpfon,

Colonel Grahme, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Mr.

Cotes, Lieutenant General Farrington, Mr. Lampton, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Duncomb :And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of Patrick Seagrave,

Esquire, in Behalf of his Mother and himself, which was ordered to lie upon the Table until the Bill was read a Second time, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

A Petition of the Freemen and free Burghers of the King's Lyn* Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, was EUaion. presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Monday the 1 ith of February last being appointed for choosing a Member to serve in Parliament for this Borough, in the room of Robert Walpole, Esquire, expelled this House, Samuel Taylor, Esquire, was elected their Bar-gefs; but John Bagg, present Mayor of the said Borough, refused to return the said Samuel Tthough required so to do; and returned the said Robert Walpole, though, expelled thisIionfe, and then a Prisoner in the And praying the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of tire Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in aBiU for the Greenwich better collecting and recovering the Duties granted for lioipiul. the better Support of Greenwich Hospital; and for the farther Benefit thereof: And that Mr. Aifutby, Sir

£ e

Limiting Officers in the House.

Whitehaven

Harbour.

Carlisle

Election*

io6 23 Februarii 1711.

William Drake, and Mr. Clark, do prepare, and bring and Alexander Knagg were objected to as rein, the fame. ceiving Alms or Pensions from the Town: And,

Thomas Blaylock, being examined, said, That the An ingrossed Bill for securing the Freedom of Parlia- Twelve first of those Persons told him, a Year ago, that ments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House they received Charity from the Corporation; some of of Commons, was, according to Order, read the Third them 6 and others is. 6d. a Quarter: time. That the other Six are Town Officers: Three

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons.

Ordered, That Mr. Wortley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term for Payment of certain Duties granted in and by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of,

in the County of Cumberland, without Amendment. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Freman, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the City of Carlisle, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report, and Resolu-lution, were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Samuel Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir James Mounldgue Knight, to serve for the City of Carlisle:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Freemen, resident or not resident;

That it was also agreed. That the Sons of Freemen, born after their Fathers Freedom, and Persons serving Seven Years within the City, have a Rigid; to be made free.

That the Poll was thus }

277 for the Sitting Member.

107 for the Petitioner.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel objected to 155 of the Sitting Member’s Voters:

That it appeared, That 41 of the Voters in this Election were admitted to Freedom after the Tejle of the Writ; viz. 32 upon the ad Day of October 1710; and Nine others upon the 7th of the same Month: And that of those 41, One voted for the Petitioner only: Eight for the Petitioner and Sitting Member; and the rest for the Sitting Member only:

That upon the said 2d of October, Three others, who had been disfranchised, were restored, and they voted for the Sitting Member:

Four others, who had been disfranchised, were objected to, for that they were restored just before the Tejle of the Writ; viz. the 21st of September 1710: One of these Four voted for the Silting Member only; and the other Three for the Petitioner and Sitting Member.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel examined Witnessies;

viz.

Thomas Blaylock: Who said, That John and

John HugilL, Two Quakers, who voted for the Sitting Member, refused the Affirmation.

Eighteen others of the Sitting Member’s Voters, viz. Richard Donald, Edward Wallace, Wm. , John

SciveU, Anlho. Nixon, Francis John Gilliburnr, Thomas Stubb, Wm.

Ben/hby, Thomas Hejlop, Cuthbert Robinson, Thomas MitchinJ'on Edward liickarby, John Wm.

Beadles, and Three Serjeants; they have Pensions or Salaries from the Town; and Two of them told him, they would vote for the Petitioner, but that they should lose their Places if they did:

That Six other Voters for the Sitting Member;

Wm. Gilpin and Jo. Nicholson, Esquires, Mr. Daniel, John and Peter Brougham, and Jeremy Adderton; were objected to as being honorary Freemen; and therefore having no Right to vote.

Wm.Stagg said, That no One of those Six Persons is Son of a Freeman; and therefore they have no Right;

And he said they were all made free since the last Election, but Mr. Gilpin, who has voted at Seven or Eight Elections:

And that Wm. Graham and Thomas Pattinjon, Two other Voters for the Sitting Member, are not Freemen.

That Eighty-one other Voters for the Sitting Member were objected to, as being bribed or treated: As to which,

Wm.Stagg said. That Edward aid. He had

3or.; and Wm.Bewley said. He had 10 from Jeremy

Reed, for voting for the Sitting Member:

And he further said. That he had been one of the Serjeants at Mace 30 Years;That the Mayor asked his Vote in this Election for the Sitting Member; and because he refused it, threatened to turn him out; and, accordingly, he was turned out the very next Day; and John Jjowfon was put in his Place.

Chr. Loujon said. That John Lowjbn, his Father, told

him. He was put in for his engaging to vote for the Sitting Member; and that be had before promised to vote for the Petitioner.

Timothy How said, Adam Walby told him, That, about a Fortnight before the Election, Jeremy Reed spent 22 at his House on Eight other Voters, who the Witness named; and WaU)y told him. It was for their Votes for the Sitting Member.

Edward Williams said. That Thomas Tiffin declared. He would vote for the Petitioner; but that Jeremy Reed, had given him Two Guineas for his Vote for the Sitting Member: f

That Anthony Nixon, One of the Singing-men in the Church, said. He would vote for the Petitioner, but durst not; for the Bishop of Carlisle had threatened to turn him out of his Place, and ruin him, and his Family, if he did: And,

That Thomas WaUacesaid, The Mayor and Aldermen

threatened to pull dowu his House, which Hands on the Corporation Ground, if he voted for the Petitioner; and therefore he voted for the Sitting Member.

Thomas Blaylock laid. That Mr. George Braiihwaite and Alderman Parker asked his Vote for the Sitting Member, and gave him Three Half-crowns for it:

And that the following Persons told him they had the following Bribes for their Votes, for the Sitting Member; viz.

Peter Wilson, Robert Wilson, and Tho. Huthart, Two

Guineas a-piece from the Aldermen:

Patrick Blaylock, Three Half-crowns from Jeremy Reed:

Wm. Helherington,a Tree out of the Park, worth

about £.3, given him by the Lord s Steward:

John Pattinjon, gf. from Mr. Bralhwaile and Mr. Alderman Parker:

Andrew Jackson, 14 Acres of the Moor which belongs to the Freemen: And Wm. Bell, Six Acres of the same Moor: Which 20 Acres they have inclosed:

Tho. Lowry said. He had 20

Tho. Twentyman, a Guinea from Jof. Reed:

John

io Ann. 33° Februarii. 107

John Twentyman,a Promise of a Guinea from Reed:

Edward Haynes, who keeps a private House, said. He had 30.?. given him by the Aldermen foraBofhel of Mnlt, which he brewed into Ale by their Direction: John Linton said. He had a Promise from the Corporation not to be prosecuted in a Suit they had against him, about his Mill:

Stephen Distick said. The Mayor made him so drunk with Brandy, that he did not know what he did: but he was sure he voted for the Petitioner:

Wm. Car rut hers said, He was threatened by Alderman Jackson to be sued, and put in Gaol by the Corporation:

Joseph Nixon told him, He had promised his Vote for the Petitioner, but he might alter his Mind: for the Bishop had wrote a Letter to turn out all the Singing-men in the Church that would not vote for the Sitting Member; and therefore he treated several Freemen, and went about and solicited Votes for the Sitting Member:

Tho. Blalock said. He had a Promise of 5*. from Reed for his Vote: And,

John Falder said. He had promised the Petitioner his Vote; but Mr. Rookethreatened to indict his Father if he voted for- him:

That James Knagg said, He would have voted for the Petitioner, but he was disfranchised; and they refused him when they restored others; and since the Election they have restored him:

That Tho. Hind, who is Son of a Freeman; and Wm.

Hodgson, who served his time out of the Town; demanded Freedom, but were refused by the Corporation, because they would not vote for the Sitting Member: That Robert Carlile and William Barne, who were admitted in October 1710, had no Right, for they did not serve Seven Years within the Corporation:

That all that came the ad of October for Freedom, and would promise their Votes for the Sitting Member, were let into the Hall; and those that refused to promise, though they had a Right to Freedom, were turned back, and the Door was ihut upon them by the Chamberlain:

That, upon the Election-day, Jeremy Reed, and Mr. George Braithwaite, stood at the Bridge, about a Mile out of Town, and flopped the Voters as they came; those that were for the Petitioner they turned by; and those that were for the Sitting Member they had to Alehouses in the Town, and treated them, and then led them to the Poll, with the City Mu lick before them: He named, by a List, 33 who were so treated at Mrs. Jackson*s and at Crosby's; Six of which voted for the Petitioner:

That he made this Lift himself; and that there were a great many others treated at the same time, whefe names he could not remember:

This Witness produced a Letter from Mr. Rooke, the Town Clerk, to Mr. John Laivfon; wherein Mr. Rooke desires him to apply earnefily to bring over Edmund Hodgson, and who else he could, for the Sitting Member; and acquaints Mr. Laiofon, that my Lady Lonf dale had wrote to him, to speak to all her Tenants, to be for those Two Gentlemen; and if he could help them in this Matter, Rooke would acquaint my Lady with his Readiness to serve her:

This Witness further said. That when he was last Year in London, one Jackson, who lives he don’t know where, but has a Brother at Carlisle, came to him, and told him. He would but spend his Time, and get the III will of the Corporation, by being an Evidence for Colonel Gledhill: and told him. He would get him £. 100 to go out of the Way till the Trial was over; but the ^Vitness said to him. He would not do it for £.1,000;

That Mr. Rooke haspulled down his Stall, and threatened him so much, that he cannot live in the Town j and has disfranchised him since he came up;

And that Alderman Jackson, upon his being summoned to be an Evidence here, told him, He should be V©L. 17.

restored, and stand where he pleased, if he would not C»rii*le

goto London. _ ElecUoa

Robert Paltinfon (hid, That Jof Reed gave him Six Half-crowns, the Saturday before the Election, for his Vote for the Sitting Member; and took his Note for the Re-payment of the Money if he did not vote accordingly; and accordingly he voted for the Sitting Member; and after he had voted, Reed promised to tear the Note:

That Reed told him other Freemen gave the like Vote; and that he could have any Man's Vote for Four Half* crowns; and that the Petitioner would press him away after the Election was over; but the Sitting Member would stand by him, and save him, for his Vote.

This Witness named Four other Voters for the Sit* ting Member, who, be said, were treated at Mrs. Jackforis by Reed: And,

That Reed gave Wm. Bell Four Half-crowns, and Robert Snotoden Two Pair of Breeches, for their Votes, for the Sitting Member:

That Tho. JackJ'on said. He durst not vote against the Sitting Member, because Reed had threatened to in* di£t him for his Horses breaking his Hedges if he did:

This Witness, being further examined, said, That hi is a Shoemaker by Trade, and came up from Carlisle with the Petitioner in October 1710, has been with him ever since, and has not followed his Trade; he was with the Petitioner in Flanders, and was a Witness for him at the Bar of this House: That he durst not go down again because Jeremy Reed has threatened to do him a Mifohief:

That since he came up, a Person, unknown, came to him in the Park, and offered him£.io to go out of the Way till Colonel GledhiWa Trial was over.

thrift. Loufon said, That upon the Morning of the Election Day, Reed and Braitlnoaite met the Voters for the Sitting Member at the City Gates, and treated 40 of them at one Blamire's House; and the Women at the

House told him it was upon the Sitting Member’s Account; and that none of the Company paid any thing:

That from thence they went, with Musick before them, to Crosby's, where they drank out Three or Four Hogslieads of Beer and Ale.

Timothy How said, There was about 60 at CroJbi/ % and that 18 of them were treated at another House by Reed and Braithwaite, as the Landlord of the House told him.

That the Silting Member’s Counsel examined Witnesses; viz.

Edward Carlisle: Who said, that about the 22d Day of September 1710, being Two or Three Days before the Teste of the Writ, the Petitioner applied to him for his Vote and Interest in the next Election, and told him he intended to stand; and that he did not value any Expence; for if he could get into the House, he should have a Regiment, and stay at home:

That, about the same time, the Witness was present when the Petitioner gave the Tanners Fraternity, who were then summoned to meet at the Petitioner’s Request, Three Guineas to drink the Queen’s Health; and the Petitioner sent for Wine for them; and asked their Votes and Interest at the next Election:

That he had seen several Pieces of Plate in other ' Guilds, which are said to be given them by the Petitioner, when he offered his Service to the City; and, about 18 or 20 Days before the Election, he saw the Petitioner’s Servant carry Plate in a Napkin to One of the Guilds:

That ’tis usual to make Gentlemen Freemen of the Corporation, and to admit them into the Guilds; but he never heard of any Treat or Present before on any such Occasions:

That he has been Six or Seven Years One of the Town Council; is always summoned; and was present the ad of October 1710, when the new Freemen were admitted; there was then none refused, or put back, who had a Right; nor any admitted who had not a Right; nor was there any Threats, or any thing like it:

That the Petitioner had his Counsel and Solicitor at

the

Carlisle

Lltetiont

108 i f

the Election, and dt the Calling tip the Poll; and no more than 20 or 30 Voters were then objected to;

That the Serjeants at Mace are elected and sworn, annually, by the Corporation, upon tire Monday after Michaelmas Day; and ’tis not in the Mayor’s Power to displace them, without the Consent. of the Corporation: That there were other Candidates, and a formal Election, when Stags* was turned out; and that he was rlifplaced because there was a great Majority against him, and not above Three or Four for him; and he never heard any other Reason for it.

Joseph Nixon said. That upon the 21st of September tyio, the Petitioner canle to the Shoemakers Company, and deft red to be admitted a Brother of it: That he was accordingly admitted, and then gave that Company Two Silver Candlesticks, and a Salver; and ordered them j or. a-piece to drink at several Houses in the Town; which they had accordingly:

That at the same time he requested their Votes in the next Election; and told them, He should, after a while, have Occasion for 700 Pair of Shoes for his Regiment, which the Shoemakers in that Town should make for him:

That lie had had the like Quantity of Shoes in the Town for Six or Seven Years successively before, but had no Shoes there the Year of the Election:

That this Company never had any Plate presented them before:

That the Witness is One of the Singing-men at Car-lijle: Those Singing-men are put in by the Dean and Chapter; and the Bishop has no Power over the Choir: That there was not any Letter or Message from the Bishop, or any One on his behalf, to them, or any of them, concerning the Election:

That he voted for the Sitting Members of his own voluntary Inclination, and was not threatened, or under any Fear; and never said any thing to, nor had any Discourse with, T/10. Blaylock the Petitioner’s Witness, of any such Matter, or any way relating to the Election, or the Witness voting at it.

Jeremy Reed said, That, upon the 28lh of September 1710, the Petitioner was admitted of the Weavers Company; and he then gave them Three Guineas, and a Silver Bowl, and asked their Votes in the next Election: That the Petitioner is also admitted of the Glovers Company; and has given a Silver Bowl to them; and a large Silver Bowl and Staud to the Butchers Company: That he never heard of any presents made before to any Guilds, upon any Admission, nor of any One being admitted of more Guilds than One.

Mr. Wm. Booke, the Town Clerk, said. That about the time of the Dissolution of the latt Parliament, and before and fmee the Tejleof the Writ, the Sitting Member wrote several times to him, and to de-

liring the re might be no Expence upon his Account: That the 21 ft of September, and 2d of October, are the usual Days for admitting Freemen: and that in 1710, none were admitted who had not a Right; nor any refused who had:

As to the Six honorary Freemen objected to; Mr. Gilpin was admitted in 1698; Mr. is Son of

a Freeman, and was admitted 14 Years ago; all the Anccflorsof Daniel Brougham were ancient Freemen; John Brougham was admitted several Years ago; Peter Brougham has been admitted Ten Years; and Jeremy Adderton 14 or 15 Years; and all the Six have voted in all controverted Elections without Objection;

That the Town Officers, objected to, receive annual Salaries, but no Alms or Charity:

That the 1 bur Persons restored the 21st of September 1710, were disfranchised in August before, only to make them Witnesses for the Corporation at a Trial that Summer Affixes; and they were restored the First time the Corporation met after that Tryal:

That the Three Persons restored the 2d of October 1710, hud been disfranchised for being concerned in a Riot,-and atfaulting Mr. Jackson, a former Mayor, and

17 i 1»

threatening to pull down his House: They were refused to be restored till they had made Mr. Jackson Satisfaction; and he interceded for them:

That nobody was hindered voting at the Election; and all the Objections made by Mr. the Petitioner’s Counsel there, were answered to his Satisfaction i That the Two Quakers, objected to, did fubforibe the Declaration of Fidelity; anil the Affirmation was not required of them:

That the Petitioner’s Witness, Thomas Blaylock, is a Butcher, and is the most scandalous and obnoxious Fellow in all Carl\Jle, or Cube lifted himself a Soldier, and deserted; has left his Wife, and leads a wicked infamous Life; for which, and several Outrages, he has been often hound over; he is often arrested; has been proved to be concerned in Felony: and in the Town where he was born he will not be Irufted a Groat, nor believed in any thing: That he never had any Stall or Shambles in the Town, but hung his Meat on forne Hooks he struek into the Well-wall in a narrow Passage, where he committed such a Nuisance, that People could not pass; and therefore those Hooks were threatened to be taken down; hut they never were: That the Town Serjeants are annually eleCled and sworn; and Wm.Stagg was not re-elected in 1710, because he had but Three Voices in the Election, and Jo. Jjowfon had Twenty-four:

That Mr. Geo. Braithwaite, Mr. Parker, and CroJby4

were Agents at the Election for Brigadier; and.

not for Sir James Montague

That he never heard any Plate was ever given to any of the Fraternities, or Guilds, but by the Petitioner.

Thomas Wilson said, That Tho. Blaylock and Hejlop, Four or Five Days before the Election, carried him to Mr. Timothy How, a Voter for the Petitioner: That Mr. llow atked his Vote for the Petitioner, and gave him Eight Half-crowns for it:

That, upon the Election Day in the Morning, he went to the Petitioner’s House, and drank with him; and then the Petitioner’s Agent there gave him Four Half-crowns more for his Vote; but he voted as well for the Sitting Member as the Petitioner; and had nothing for his Vote for the Sitting Member.

That the Committee came to this Resolution; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir James Montague Knight, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Carlisle.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Questiou being' put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir J Knight, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Carlisle;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

TeHers.br.he Yeadfa*g*. } M*.

Tollers for tlicNoes,| £: j '33-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Upon the Petition of Leeds Wogan Esquire; and also the Petition of the Mayor and Bnrgeftes of the ancient Borough of fViston, in the Comvty of Pern-brook, on behalf of themselves, ami the rest of the Burgesses of the said Borough; complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir Arthur Owen 29 Baronet

Mr. Freman reported from the Committee of Privi- Pembrok* leges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, ^ectl0Q' touching the Election for the Borough of Pembroke, in the County of Pembroke, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Report, and Resolutions, were read; and are as follow; viz.

10 Ann,

23® Fehuarii.

109

Baronet to serve for the Borough of in the said County of Pembrook.

That the Petitioners Counsel alleged, The Right of Election is in the Mayors, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the several Boroughs of Fembrook, Tenby, and Wiston:

That the Sitting Member’s Counsel alleged. The Right of Election is in the Mayors, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Boroughs of Fembrook and Tenby only: That the Poll was taken of the Burgesses. of Pentr brook and Tenby only: and was thus;

207 for the Sitting Member.

124 for (he Petitioner.

That the Petitioners Counsel infilled* That by Act of 35th of Henry the Eighth, for Knights and Burgesses in Wales, concerning the Payment of their Fees and Wages; all the Cities and Boroughs in Wales, not find* ing Burgesses for the Parliament themselves, are to be contributory to the Wages of the Burgesses to Parliament for the Shire Towns; and are to have Notice, by the Mayors, Bailiffs, and other head Officers of the Shire Towns* or by one of them, of the Elections to Parliament; in which Elections they are to vote as the Burgesses of the Shire Towns used:

That the Sitting Member’s Counsel infilled. That Wiston is only a Lord Hi ip Marcher, and not a Borough within the Meaning of that Act; and that, if ever was aBorough, in regard of their Acquiescence, and not voting from the 35th of Hen. 8th to King Charles the 2d’s time, that Borough ought to be presumed to be dissolved, according to the Power given the King by the Act of the 34th aBd 35th of Henry the 8th; though no Record of any Letters Patents, or Instrument for the Dissolution thereof, can now be found.

That to prove Wiston an ancient Borough by prescription; and that the Burgesses thereof have a Right of voting in the Election of a Member to fervo in Parliament for the Borough of Pembrook the Petitioners Counsel produced the following Records and Writings; viz.

4° Junii, 14° Hen.7, An Exemplification of Proceed-

ings in the great Session; whereby it appears, That Henry Wogan Esquire, and his Ancestors, as Lords of Three Parts in Four of the Manor of Wiston, had, time out of mind, divers Liberties, Franchises, and Jurisdie-tions there; and, among others, a Hundred Court to be held, per praftojitu’ fuu\ for Pleas in Matters arising infra Burgu' de Wifton

7 June, 16 Elix. The Court Roll of a Hundred Court held at Wifton, coram Majors:

The Oaths of a Mayor and Burgess of the Borough of Wiston, affixed to the Minutes of several Courts Leet held before the Mayors of Wiston, in and between the 23d Year of King Charles the First, and the Year 1650; by which Minutes it appears, some Persons were, in those Years, admitted and sworn Burgesses; and others admitted and sworn Mayors of Wifton, and divers Acts were done at the said Courts:

14th March, 33d Car. Ildi, 1680: A Return to Parliament mentioned to be made by the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of Pembrook, and the Mayor and Burgesses of Tenby:signed by them, and by the Mayor of

Wifton, and Two Aldermen there;

14th January 1688; A Return mentioned to be made by the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Town of Pembrook, and others whose Names are subscribed, and who have Right of Election of a Burgess in Parliament for the said Town and Borough of Pembrook, of a person elected according to the ancient Laws and Customs; signed by the Mayors, Bailiffs, and several Burgesses, of Pembrook and Tenby; and by Compton Gwyther for Wiston:

17 March 1689: A Return mentioned to be made by the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of Pembrook, signed by the Mayor, Bailiffs, and several Burgesses, of Pembrook; the Mayor and several Burgesses of Tenby; and by Thomas Skyrme of Wiion; and, under his Name, Six other Names are subscribed without any Addition:

30 December 1695: A Return mentioned to be made, Vo i. 17.

by the Mayors, Bailiffs, and Burgesses; of Pembrook 9<*»teook and Tenby; and signed and sealed by them; EUftio*.

This Return is also signed and foaled thus, in a distinct Column: , We the Mayor and

Borgus of Wiston;

" Tho. Skyrme, Major,

" Arthur Jones:

Those Words, " We the Mayor and Borgus of Wif-tonj' appear to be wrote upon a Rasure in the Record:

1 ith January 1700: A Notice in Writing, under the Hand of the Mayor, and the Corporation Seal, of Pembrook s directed to the Mayor, Headborough, or other chief Officer, of the Borough of Wifton, giving Notice of the Precept, and the Time and Place appointed for the then ensuing Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pembrook s at which time, such Persons inhabiting within the said Borough of Wifton as claimed a Right of voting in the said Election, if any such they had, might, if they thought fit, be pre-font at the said Election.

20 July 1702: The like Notice, under the Hands of the Mayor and Bailjffs of Pembrook, without any Seal to it:

24 July 1702: An Order in the Town Book of Pembrook, That no Notice of any Election to Parliament should be font thereafter to the Borough of Wiston:

This Order recites the aforesaid Notice of the 20th of July 1702; and that it was the some Day delivered to the Mayor of the Borough of Wist that nobody of that Borough appeared to vote at the Election; and that several Notices had been before font to the said Borough, for the Purpose aforesaid; and they had not at any time made it appear they had any Right of voting.

Geo. Jones said, That upon the aforesaid Notice in 1700, his Father, Arthur Jones, who was then Alderman and Mayor of Wiston, went to Pembrook Hall to vote at the then Election; and his Father went thither again, and another of Wiston went with him, to the Election in 1705, and nobody objected to their voting:

That he could not say there was any Poll; and that he never saw any Return signed:

That Four other Persons of Wston, who the Witness named, have likewise been present at Elections for Pembrook, but there was no Dispute then:

That several Gentlemen have Wen sworn Mayors of Wifton; the Burgesses ©I Wifton have several Privileges; and they have a Fair, and he has seen a Market there sometimes, and Toll paid.

That the Sitting Member’9 Counsel examined Witnesses; viz.

Henry Carrow, David Butler, Griffith Harries, Tho.

Phenex, and Wm. David: Who said, They had lived at or near Pembrook, 70, 60, and 50 Years: That the Burgesses of Pembrook and Tenby only have the Right of voting, and the Wifton Burgesses have no Right; they have known Four or Five Elections, bat never knew any difpnted Election till the tall; they never few any of the Wifton Burgesses at any Election* nor ever heard any of those Burgesses voted, or pretended to vote, till within these Two or Three Year?: That Wifton is 12 Miles from Pembrook, and there are not above 10 or 11 Houses there.

Wm. Meylett feid. He was Town Clerk of Pembrook in 1702, and was present when the aforesaid Notice of the Election in that Year was ordered and font to Wiston, and when the aforesaid Order was made against fending any Notice to Wiston for the future; that Notice and Order were directed and made by the Mayor, and Common Council, of Pembrook, assembled in Common Council there.

That the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Mayor and Burgesses of the ancient Borough of Wiston, in the County of Pembrook, have a Right to vote in the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pembrook,

F f To

no 23° Februarii. A. 1711.

pembrobk To add 239 to the Petitioner’s Poll, the Petitioners Ekdwn' Connfel called.

Geo. Owen Esquire: Who said, That the Mayor and Burgesses of Wiston came to Pembrook to vote in this Election; and, upon their coming thither the Fire-Bell was rung; upon which there was a great Tumult; the Burgesses and Inhabitants for several Miles ran together; and the Sitting Member made a Speech, and told them. The Wiston Burgesses were come to destroy their Bights and Privileges, but he would {land by the Corporation of Pembrook with his Life and Fortune; and thereupon the Wiston Burgesses were said to be Enemies; and the Mob went up and down, and huzzaed at the Houses into which those Burgesses were got, to avoid the Danger of this Tumult; but no Mischief happened: That the Wiston Burgesses who came to Pembrook to vote, as aforesaid, were 239 in Number: The Mob declared they would knock them of the Head if they came to the Poll; and Guards were set against them at the Hall Stairs; upon which, the Wiston Burgesses went to the Castle Green at P, and were there called over, by a List of their Names, and they declared, one by one, they would vote for the Petitioner; And then the Mayor of Wiston went to the Poll, and there tendered that Lift to the Mayor of , and acquainted him it was a List of the Wiston Burgesses, who were there ready to vote for the Petitioner: and desired they might be admitted to the Poll: but the Mayor of Pembrook rejected the Lift, and declared, He would not admit a Wiston Burgess to vote there.

Tho. Griffith said, The Fire-Bell was rung at the Sitting Member’s Instance.

Mr. Richard Owen said, He is Clerk of the Borough of Wiston; and was 14 Years Steward of it: That of the 239 Wiston Burgesses, whose Names he called over at this Election, at the Green at by

a List of them, and who all then declared, one by one, they would vote for the Petitioner; 104, whose Names he had in a List, have been several Years, to his Knowledge, Burgesses of Wiston; and the rest of the 239 claim to be such Burgesses:

That many of those 104 were sworn Burgesses of Wiston by himself, at the usual Place; and the rest of them were sworn such Burgesses by other Stewards of Wiston, at several times, when he was present:

That 64 others of the aforesaid 239, whose Names lie had in another Lift, were sworn Burgesses of Wiston by himself several years ago; they have served upon Juries at the Courts there; and none but Burgesses of Wifton serve upon those Juries; and that there are 30 or 40 Inhabitants at Wiston who have attended all the Courts there.

Geo. Owen Esquire, and Mr. Richard , said. There was a Book of Entries of the Admissions of the Burgesses of Wiston, which is milling since the Death

of Mr. Howell, the late Steward, who died about Two Years ago; it has been demanded of his Executrix; and the Petitioner has a Bill in Equity against her for Discovery of that Book, and all other Books and Writings of the Borough.

That the Sitting Member’s Counsel called,

Rowland Bateman: Who said, That he was sworn a Burgess of Wiston Four years ago, and went with the Wiston People, who were about 100 in Number, to Pembrook, with a Design to vote for the Petitioner in this Election; but their Votes would not be received; he was with them at the Cajile Green, and all that was done there was calling over their Names by a List, which they only answered to, without being aiked, or saying, who they did or would vote for: Four of that Company told him they were not Burgesses of Wiston i but he knew several others were.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutrons;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Arthur Owen Baronet is not duly elected a

Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Pembrook, in the County of Pembrook.

22

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Lewis Wogan Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Pembrook.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unlo by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return for the Borough of Pembr, in the County of Pembroke, by rating out the Name of Sir Arthur Owen Baronet, and inserting the Name of Wogan,

Esquire, instead thereof.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Supply.

Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Forty thousand Men, which were raised to act in Conjunction with the Forces of her Majesty’s Allies, be continued for the year 1712.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the additional Forces of Ten thousand Men, which were taken into her Majesty’s Service in the Year 1703, be continued for the Year 1712.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a farther number of additional Forces in the Low Countries be continued for the Service of the Year 1712, not exceeding Fifteen thousand One hundred Seventy-eight Men; upon condition, That the States General do agree to add to such additional Forces the Proportion of Three-fifths to Two-fifths.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred Eighty-six thousand Two hundred Twenty-three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining the said Forty thousand Men, for the Service of the Year 1712.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-seven thousand Five hundred and Eleven Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to her Majesty for maintaining the said Ten thousand additional Forces, for the Service of the Year 1712.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much Money as now is, or before the First Day of August 1712 shall be, deficient, to complete the Quarterly Payments of the Annuities, amounting to Eighty thousand Pounds per Annum purchased upon an Act of the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, and charged upon the Half Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, to arise by several Acts therein mentioned; be supplied, and made good.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much as is, or shall be, deficient, to complete the Quarterly Payments of the Annuities, amounting to Forty thousand Pounds per Annum; purchased upon another Act of the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, and thereby charged upon several Overplus-monies therein mentioned; be all'o supplied, and made good, from time to time.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty Pounds per Annum, be added to the Fund settled by an Act of the last Session of Parliament; whereby, amongst other things, a Rent of Ten Shillings a Year is payable upon licensing Hackney Chairs, towards the Payment of the Principal and Interest Monies therein mentioned.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said additional Sum, not exceeding Fifty Pounds per Annum, be raised during the Continuance of the said Act.

The

iir

io Ann. 23d — 25*

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Orders of the Day being read j Crown Resolved, That this House will, upon L*af«. ;ng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to give farther time for inrolling such Leases, granted from the Crown, as have not been inrolled within the respective Times therein limited.

Publication Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday

ofLibes. \{orning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conGder of that Part of her Majesty’s Message to the House, the 17th of last, which

relates to the great Licence taken in pub!idling false and scandalous Libels.

Recruiting Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-Lmd tones. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1712.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunee, 2 50 Februarii;

Anno 10° Ann* Regin®, 1711.

Prayers.

Pnnbroke rI 'HE Clerk of the Crown attended, according to Rrtur" X Order, and amended the Return for the Borough

imtn ’ of Pembroke, in the County of Pembroke.

The House being informed. That One of the Sheriffs of London attended;

Law« re. He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the fading House Two Petitions of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, Bankrupts, and Common Council, of the City of London; One touching the Statute of the 21st of King James the First, concerning Bankrupts; and the other relating to so much of the Bill for reviving and continuing several Laws which are expired, or expiring, as revives the Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Office of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish and Ward Offices, and from serving upon Juries.

And then he withdrew.

And the First of the Petitions was read; setting forth, That by the Statute of the ill of King James the First; it is enacted, That all and every Person or Persons using of Trade by way of Merchandise, or otherwise, by Gross or Retail, being indebted to any Person or Persons in One hundred Pounds or more, and shall not pay, or compound for the fame, within Six Months, after due, and arrested for the same; or, being for such Sum arrested, shall procure his Enlargement by Bail; shall be adjudged a Bankrupt from the Time of such Arrest: That many Inconveniencies happen by reason of the said Clause; the Manner of becoming a Bankrupt being so very secret and private: And praying. That so much of the said Statute as relates to the Premises may be repealed, or such other Relief as shall seem meet.

Whereupon the said Statute was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Withers, Mr. Serjeant Sir

James Mountague, and Mr. Cafs, do prepare, and bring iu, the fame.

Then the other Petition was read; setting forth. That Law*!8 there being depending in this House a Bill for reviving and continuingfeveral Laws expired and expiring; amongst which is an Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish and Ward Offices, and from serving upon Juries; that the continuing the said Act relating to Apothecaries is prejudicial to this City, and the Inha-

Vol. 17.

bitants thereof: And praying to he heard by their Coun-fel, against so much of the said Bill as is for continuing the said Apothecaries Act, before the said Bill do pals.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

The House being moved. That so much of the Sta- Elections.- tute of the 7 th and 8 th of the late King William, for the fraudulent farther regulating Elections* of Members to serve in y"^1splyw* Parliament; and for preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in electing and returning such Members; as relates to the Oath of the Freeholders to betaken at Elections; might be read;

The same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Members who are to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the mofe effectual preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for electing Knights of the Shires to serve in Parliament, That they do provide therein to repeal the present Oath to be taken by Freeholders, and to appoint another instead thereof.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- King’s Lynn tionsbedischarged from proceeding upon the Petition of Election-the Freemen and free Burghers of the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, complaining of the Return of Robert Walpole Esquire, as Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, notwithstanding the Resolution of the House relating to him; and that Samuel Taylor Esquire was duly elected; and praying the Consideration of the Ho fe thereupon.

Ordered, That the House do take into Consideration the Merits of the said Petition upon Thursday Seven-night.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do then attend with the Return for the said Borough of King's Lynn.

Mr. Oglethorpe reported from the Committee, who cd. Rice’s were to consider of the Report of Commissionersap- Application pointed by her Majesty to examine how, to whom, and of Deben* for what. Colonel John Rice disposed of Eleven thousand tureg*

Four hundred and Twenty Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence in Army Debentures; and to whom the Petition of Anne Tranl, Widow, was also referred; the Matter, as it appeared to them; which he read in hi4 Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do apply, for the carrying on the War, the Deduction of the Two and a Half per Cent. from the Pay of the foreign Troops in her Majesty’s Service for the Year 1712.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Recruiting whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for re- Land Forces, cruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Service of the Year 171a.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Manley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Manley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordetedt

112

a 5° — 260

A. 171T

Minehead

Harbour.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mortis, 26° die Februarii;

Anno 10° Annas Reginas* 1711.

Praters.

1 A BILL for prolonging the Term for Payment of cer- XX tain Duties granted l>y an Act, in the 12th and 13th Years of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of for the Benefit and

Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom* was read a Second time.

Refilved, That the Bill be committed to M*.

Mr. Jennings, Mr. Crtff Mr. Sir Hen.

ton. Sir Geo. Newland, Mr. Mr. Phelipps, Sir

Nich. Morice, Sir Wm. Boughton, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Conyers, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. , Sir Gilbert

Dolben, Mr. Louither, Sir Bryan Stapleton, Mr.

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bingham, Mr. Goddard, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Lmvjbn, Mr. Gybbons, Mr. Newland, Colonel Grahme,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Lampion; and all that serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, Cornwall, Gloucester, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of divers Persons inhabiting within the Counties of Gloucester and Hertford, which was ordered to lie upon the Table till the said Bill was read a Second time, he referred to the Con-Gderation of the said Committee.

Southampton Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wnt* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and County of the Town of Southampton,

in the room of Adam Cardonnell Esquire, expelled this House.

Leav* of Ordered, That Mt.Edward Jefereyes have Leave to

A bfence. go into the Country for Six Weeks* upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Pleydxoell have Leave to go into the Country for Six W eeks upon extraordinary Occasions.

African A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common T»4o. Council, of the City of Exon, and of the Merchants and

other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures in the said City, and Parts adjacent* was presented to the House* and read; setting forth, That since the opening the Trade to Africa, by Act of Parliament, in 1698, the Petitioners havevended much greater Quantities of their Woollen and other Manufactures, than they did when the said Trade was kept in the-Hands of the Company only: That if the African Company should succeed in their Endeavours to exclude all others the Benefit of the said Trade, it would tend to the Ruin of the Manufactures there: And praying, That the said Trade to Africa may be kept free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House* who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Avon A Bill for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Navigation. Somerset and Gloucester, navigable, from the City of Bath, to or near Hanham’s Mills, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Trotman,

Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Bingham, Mr. Anftis, Mr. Med-hjeot, Sir Geo.Parker, Mr. Crtfjb, Colonel Grahme, the Earl of Thomond, Mr. Banket, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Mr. Pen-

darvis, Mr ..Cotton, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Gwyn, Mr.

Bracebridge, Sir Bryan Stapleton, Sir Wm. Boughton,

Sir Wm. Whitelocke, Mr Heysham, Mr. r. Pqfk,

Mr. Ward, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Orchard, Mr. Annejley, Mr.

Sheppard, Colonel Codrington, Mr. Bellafyfe, Mr. r\er. Sir Tho. Hanmer, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Parker, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Quick, Mr Gore, Sir ings, Mr. Serjeant Comings, Sir Fra. Da/kwood, Mr. Shackerley, Sir JolmSlonehouse, Mr. Bulled, Mr. Goul-ston, Mr. Cotes, Mr. Marriott, Mr. Lewis, Sirjofm Mr. Chelwind, Sir Simeon Stuart, Captain Dyot, Sir Ric. Hoar, Mr. Crejwell, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Aid-worth, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Campion, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr.

Freman, Sir HughPaterson, Sir Wm. and all

that serve for the Counties of Somerset, Gloucester, and Wills: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Henry Parsons was presented to the Avon House, and read j setting forth* That the Petitioner hav- Navigation, ing Six Mills on the River Avon, intended to be made navigable to Bath, which Hand in the Parish of Camsham, and will be rendered useless, to the great Loss of the Poor employed therein, as well as the Petitioner: And praying. That the Bill* now depending in this House, for making the said River navigable from Bath to or near HanharrCs Mills, may not pass, or that such Damages as the Petitioner will sustain thereby may be made good to him by the Undertakers.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Minefcwci to whom the Bill for prolonging the Term for Payment Harbour, of certain Duties granted by an Act, in the 12th and 13th Years of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair* the Harbour of Minehead, fer the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause to explain that Part of the former Act, which relates to the repairing the Highways of Rirdlip, and the Topof Crickly Hill, in the County of Glouctfert

A Petition of the Merchant Adventurers of Minehead, African in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House* Trade, and read; setting forth* That since the Opening of the Trade to Africa, large Quantities of Woollen and other Manufactures have been exported to Africa, and the Plantations well supplied with Negroes at cheap Rates:

That if the Trade should be settled in a Company, it: would lessen the Sale of the Manufactures, and enhance the Price of the Negroes: And praying the said Trade may be kept free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Aiflaby presented to the House* according to Greenwich Order* a Bill fer the collecting and recovering the Du- Hospital. ties granted fer the better Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and fer the further Benefit thereof:

And the same was received.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Growth of hinder the farther Growth of Popery, by more eflec-tually preventing the foreign Education of the Children of Popish Parents} and fer enforcing the Laws against Popery: And that the Earl of Hertford, Mr.

and Mr. Sharpe, do prepare, and bring in* the fame.

Ordered, That the Treaty between her Majesty and Barrier the States General, for securing the Succession to the Treaty with Crown of Great Britain, and for settling a Barrier for HoIIan®' the States General against France; and the Extracts of Letters, and other Papers* relating the reunto; which have been laid before this House; be printed.

Mr.

io Ann.

2(5° — 27° Februarii.

113

Prince En-ge i»e’s Propo-ii 11 on for Support of W ar in Spain.

Kecrniting Land Forces.

African

Trade.

' Scotch EpiC-fcopal Communion.

Mr. Secretary St. John acquainted the House, That he had received her Majesty's Command to communicate to this House a Proposition made to her Majesty by Prince Eugene of Savoy, in the Name of the Emperor* for the Support of the War in; viz.

His Imperial Majesty judges, that Forty thousand Men will be sufficient for this Service; and that the whole Expence of the War in may amount to

Four millions of Crowns: Towards which, his Imperial Majesty offers to make up the Troops which he has in that Country to Thirty thousand Men, and to take One million of Crowns upon himself.

Mr. Manley, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1712, was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That whereas Persons were often wrongfully lifted, and delivered to the Officers, for Soldiers not being within the Description of the" A&; that therefore the Receivers and CoIlt6lors, directed to pay the several Sums therein mentioned, should not pay the same in less than Six Weeks Time after such delivering over, as aforesaid: And that the Commissioners have Power, upon better Information, to certify to the Secretary at War, that such Person or Persons was or were not within the Description of the Act; and the Secretary at War have Power thereupon to discharge such Person or Persons, on Payment of the Money expended on Account of hisor theirbeing lifted, not exceeding Twenty Shillings; provided such Certificate be signed within Six Weeks after such delivering over, as aforesaid:

And the same was twice read', with Blanks; which were filled up;

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ferriertook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ferrier reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Trade to

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to One Amendment of their Lordiliips to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the disturbing those of the Episcopal Communion, in that. Part of Britain called Scotland, in theExercifeof theirreligiousWorship, and in the Use of the Liturgy of the Church of England; and for repealing the Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, Act against irregular Baptisms and Marriages.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till To-

Mercurti, 27° die Februarii;

Anno 10* Annas Reginae, 1711.

Prat

E US.

VOL. 17.

morrow Morning, Nine a Clock

A BILL for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and Puniniing false Mlifters; and for the better Payment of the Bn

Army, and Quarters, was read a Second time. c t, Uon‘

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir William Pole presented to the House, according Insolvent to Order, a Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, to Debtor*, oblige their Creditors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable to make, and to restore to them their Liberty: And the same was received.

A Bill for the collecting and recovering the Duties Greenwich granted for the better Support of the Royal Hospital Hospital. at Greenwich; and for the farther Benefit thereof; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Commission, Majesty, That the will be pleased to give Di rest ions to ^JambcrUin the proper Officers to lay before this House a Copy of of Scotland, the present Commission for the executing the Office of Lord High Chamberlain of Scotland, and Copies of the former Commissions and Charters for executing thereof, and also, Copies of the Commissions for Trade in Scotland.

Ordered, That the said Address he presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply; \ Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Distributioa Majesty, That the will be pleased to direCi, That a parti- of Anny cular Account may be laid before this House of the Dif- GranU* tribution of the Monies granted for the Service of the Year 1711, for the General Officers, Contingencies, Gar-

rifons. Independent Companies, and Invalids, in Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and the Plantations.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moil honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Conyers acquainted the House, That he was di- Supply, re&ed by the said Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty, to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill for recruiting her Majesty’s Land Recruiting Forces and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1712, LandJ,°rc* was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Service of the Year 171*.

G g Ordered

H4

270 — a8° —

A.

1711

Ordered, That Mr. Manley do carry the Bill to the Mr. Mr. Pulleney, Mr. Mr.

Cardi' \V rit.

;an

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 28° dieFebruarii;

Anno io* Anns Reginas, 1711.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ' for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cardigan, in the County of Cardigan, in the room of John Meyrick Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Chief Justice of the Counties of Cardigan, Merioneth, and Anglesey.

bridge. Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Isham, Mr.

Mr. Pytts, Mr. North, Mr. Harley, Mr. Eversfield, Mr.

Shippen, Mr. Bulled, Sir Simeon Steivart, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Aldworlh, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Eober/s, Mr. Plumptree, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Edgcombe, Colonel Moreton, Sir Sir

Hen. Furne/e, Mr. Ward, Mr. Chapman, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Paiclett, Mr. Freman, Mr. Heysham, Sir Robert Havers: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Leave to fit in a Morning; and de Die in Diem: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Warrant to Mr. to take

care that Process do issue against Accountants that do not pass their Accounts, be referred to the Considera* tion of the said Committee.

Insolvrnt

Debtors.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Supply Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Re-A Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, to oblige solutions they had directed him to report to the House;

Norwich

Work-house.

their Creditors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable to make, and to restore to them their Liberty, was read the First time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Ferrier reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for erecting a Work-house in the City and County of the City of Norwich, for the better employ-

which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Sixty thousand Nine hundred Ninety-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings Seven Pence, be granted to her Majesty, for main-_ _ . taining the further Number, not exceeding Fifteen

ing and maintaining the Poor there, was committed, thousand One hundred Seventy-eight additional Forces,

That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

t)uke of Bed-fjrd’t Estate.

in the Low Countries, for the Service of the Year 1712.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain an Act, made in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioner3 of the Treasury, to compound with the Sureties of Samuel Pacey, deceased, late Receiver-General for the County of Suffolk-, so far as it relates to Joseph Bake, one of the said Sureties.

The First Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain an Act, made in the Seventh Year of her Ma-The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to impower the Lord enable Trustees, during the Minority of Wriothes-High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of lyDuke of Bedford, and of the Lord John Ruffe I his the Treasury, to compound with the Sureties of Samuel Brolher, to grant Leafesof the Estate of the said Duke, Pacey, deceased, late Receiver General for the County and Sets for getting Copper,- and other Ore and Mine- of Suffolk, so far as it relates to Joseph Poke, One of the rals therein; and for rendering valid and effectual fe- said Sureties: And that Mr. Conyers, Sir Robert Havers, veral such Grants, or Sets, already made: To which the and Mr. Ferrier, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Public

Money

accounted

for.

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Account shewing how much of the Sum of Thirty-five millions Three hundred and Two thousand One hundred and Seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence, of the Money granted by Parliament, and issued for the Publick Service to -mas 1710, which appeared to remain unaccounted for the last Session of Parliament, has beenfince accounted for before the Auditors of the Imprefts, and by whom, and when; and what Obstructions have risen in accounting for the fame: be referred to the Consideration of a

The Orders of the Day being read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being Call of t!:« put, That a Call of the House be farther adjourned till House. this Day Sevennight;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, 5^5 Jo

9 (Mr. Hungerfora:

Tellers for the Noes SMr- Fitzw

leuerstormeiNoes, ^Mr Chapm

So it passed in the Negative.

The House was called over; and the Names of such

75-

112.

Committee: And that they do examine the fame; and Persons as made Default in attending were taken down.

Ordered, That the Defaulters be called this Day Sevennight.

over upon

report their Opinion thereupon to the House

And it is referred to Sir Richard Onfrno, Lord Wm.

Powlett, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Mead, Mr. Crosse, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. Roivney, Mr. Moor, Sir Robert Eden,

Mr. Ettcrick, Mr. Luwther, the Earl of Hertford, Mr.

Jwchmere. Sir Richard How, Mr. Manley, Mr. Wind-

Jbr, Sir Jfiac Rebow, Lord Lyon, Mr. Sharp, Mr.

Annesley, Mr. Bingham, Colonel Byerley, Sir Wm. Wi- inrolled within the respective Times therein limited.

thers, Mr. Burslem, Mr. Auditor Harley, Mr. Onslow,

Mr. Ilungaford, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gwynn, Lord Harley, Sir Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-john Slouchouse, Mr. Pitt, Captain Dyott, Mr, Campion, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Crown ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Leases. House, upon the Bill to give farther Time for inrolling such Leases, granted from the Crown, as have not been

of LiU'i*.

16

House,

Expiring

La*.

xo Ann.

28° — 2 90

"5

House, to consider of that Part of her Majesty's Mef-sage to the House, the 17th of lait, which re-

lates to the great Licence taken in publishing selfe and scandalous Libels.

Ordered, That the Bill for reviving and continuing several Laws which are expired, or expiring, be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till To-rpoirow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 290 die Februarii;

Anno 1 o’ Ann* Regina, 17U.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that One attended Distributio* from Mr. Howe , Paymaster of her Majesty’s of Army Guards and Garrisons; Grantt‘

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address, and by her Majesty’s Command, a Distribution of the Monies granted for the Service of the Year 1711, for the General Officers,

Garrisons, Contingencies, Independent Companies, and Invalids, in Great Britain, Jersey, and the Plantations.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Distribution was read.

The said Distribution is as followeth, viz.

General Officers.

s.

*3

10

10

d.

4

A Distribution of the Monies granted for the Service of the Year 17x1, for the General Officers, Contingent cics, Garrisons, Independent Companies, and Invalids, in Great Britain, jersey, Guernsey, and the Plantations.

Per Annum.

/ To his Grace the Duke of Marlborough, as Captain General, with Three Aids deCamp, a Secretary, Chaplain, Physician, and Chirurgeon -

To Lieutenant-General Erie, as Lieutenant-General in South Britain, and his Secretary - -

To the Earl of Leven, as Lieutenant-General in North Britain and Secretary To Mr. Iloice, as Paymatler-General ——

To the Lord Landfdoione, as Secretary at War

To Mich.Hyde, Esquire, Commissary-General of the Musters; to Mr. Cranford,

Depuiv Commissary-General in London, for himselfand Contingencies; to Eight Deputy Commissaries, for 1 hemselves and Contingencies: to Oue Deputy at Jersey and Guernsey, One for Scilfy, and Two Clerks ——

To Bridadier Henry Duicll, Adjutant General, to 24 1711

To Colonel Metcalfe Grahme, Adjutant General, from the 25th June to the 22(1 December 1711

To Lieutenant-General Cadogan, Quarter-Master General -To , Deputy Quarter-Master General ——

To Thomas Byde Esquire, Judge Advocate-General, for himselfj his Clerk, and Deputy, al jersey and Guernsey t i- - -

To Gregory King, Esquire, Secretary to the Board of General Officers To Dr. Thomas Lawrence, Physician to the Forces -To Mr. Alexander Inglish, Surgeon to the Forces -

To Mr. Teale, Apothecary to the Forces ——

To Sir Philip Meadoios,)nn\oT, One of the Comptrollers of the Army Accounts To Thomas Broderick, Esquire, Comptroller of the Army Accounts, to the 8th July To James Bruce Esquire, Comptroller Qf the Army Accounts, from the 9th of July to the 2id December 1711 - -

C

cc

p

t;

c

a

c

O

rc

c

a

o

v-

E

ct

C

Governor (vacant) for Berwick and Holy Island D* for BlackncJ's Castle ——

To Wm. Knapton Esquire, for Caljhot Castle To the Earl of Carlisle, for Carlisle

To the Earj of Cholmondley, for Chester - -

To the Marquis of Hertford, for Clifford's Fort and mouth - -

To the Earl of Dorset for the Cinque Ports To Nicholas Norton and J<f. Martin, Gunpers, at Dartmouth ——

To the Earl of Hay,'for Dunbarton Castle

To the Earl of Leven, for Edinburgh Castle To Lieutenant-General Cholmondley, for Gravesend and Tilbury ——

ToColonel Giles Spicer, Lieutenant Governor of Guernsey

To Brigadier Sutton, for Hull and the Blockhoqfe To Colonel Hen. Holmes, for Castle

To Colonel Thomas Collier, LieutenantrGovernor of

Jfh - . ....

lo Captain Fra.Hammond, for Landguard Fort To Francis Scoble Esquire, for St, Maws To Geo. Granvill Esquire, for Pc mien ids To General Earle, for Portsm - -

Vox.. 17.

4

Allowance for 1

Fire and Candle Pay Per Annum.

£ s. d. £ d.

54 801 17 6

25 — — 2,053 2 6

10 136 17 6

36 — 346 15

30 273 *5

18 , 500 1.5 —

18 1,113

36 10 —

25 2,053 2 6

50 — — 4,206 12 6.

73 820 2 6

40 328 IO- —

473 17 ~ 747 6

18 -r- — 136 17 6

63 1 O O

18 255 to —

10 — — 191 12 6

18 295 10 —

5°° i,334 3 4

4,866

1,642

1,64*

365

365

2,360

9*

9°

182

91

365

200

182

182

182

750

406

10

10 —

10 — 5 —

10

10

10

16

343 3

6*

5i

14,4x0 18 7*

To

ii 6

2590 Februarii.

tr. C

E

pu

J

fc(

*c

e

<8

c

U

o

.c

m

C

E

ee

u

To Lieutenant-General Trelawney, for Plymouth and St. Nicholas' Island - - - - ., -

To Wm. Taunton Esquire, for Portland -

To Lieutenant-General Witherfor Sheerness -To Sidney Godolphin Esquire, for Scilly - -

To the Lord Irtoin, for Scarborough -

To the Earl of Marr, for Stirling -

To Lieutenant-General Cadogan, for the Tower of London - -

To Major Webb, for Upnor -

To Lieutenant-General James Maitland, for Fort William To the Duke of Northumberland, for To Captain Wm. Spooner, for North Yarmouth To Lieutenant-General Webb, for the Isle of Wight -

To Ralph Cook, for the Horse Guards -To Major-General Tatton, for the First Regiment of Foot Guards ——

To Major-General Holmes, for the Coldstream Regiment

To Colonel Jonas Watson, Tor the Gunners of St. James’s Park - -

To Mr. Hugh Warren, Surveyor of the Guards To Colonel Jonas Watson, Fire-master to the Grenadiers To Major Robert Maxogridge, Drum-Major To Captain Edward Kennedy, Provost-Marshal To Mr. Hughes, Messenger to the Paymaster -- To Mr. Le Mark, Messenger to the Secretary at War

s

c

e-

C

Four Companies at Nezo York, commanded by Colonel Robert Hunter, Ingoldsby, Captain Peter Mathewes, and Captain James Weems -

Company at Bermudas, commanded by Captain Benj. Bennet Company at Newfoundland -

Colonel Win. Grant's Company in North Britain -Colonel Duncan Mackenzie's Company, D*

Colonel Alexander Campbell's Company, D* - -

£. s. d. I- s- d-

127 i,979 — —

10 — — 100 7 6

91 9u 7 6

18 365

10 — — 52 10 —

40 4,091 — to

127 — — 2,344 9

20 49* *5 —

— — — 1,074 10 —

18 328 10 —

IO — — - 73

54 1,385 2 6

29,23° 18 4

350

300

150

A Qf)4 V 1 "*

136 17 6

45 6

54 *5 "

30

146

30

30

A. 17

Captain Ofmond Brinfcomb’s Company, at Chejlei' -Captain Robert Stapylton's Company at Windsor -Captain Robert Weils' Company at Hampton Court -Major Richard Bettefzoorth's Company, at Tinmouth -Major Richard Webb's Company, at Upnor, raised the 25th June 1707 Six Companies, raised the 25th June 1708 j viz.

Captain Tho. Hart's Company, at Sheerness -.*§ J Captain John Mowat’s Company, D* -

Captain Jo. Bickley’s Company, at Tilbury -Captain Geo. Bruce’s Company, D* -

Captain Wm. Waljh's Company, at Dover -Captain Florance Kane's Company, at Landguard Fort Captain John Griffith's Company, at Greenwich, raised the 25th October 1709 ——

The Moiety of One Year’s Clothing for the said Companies

t Allowance to the following Officers, in lieu of their Pay, according to the Polls they enjoyed in Scotland, at the Time of the Union Earl of Crafurd, as Brigadier-General -

Geo. Somerville, Adjutant General - -

Colonel Cha. Stratton, Quarter-mailer General -Colonel John Steuart, Second Lieutenant-Colonel to the 3d Regi meat of Foot Guards ——

Colonel Thomas Hamilton, Second Major to the said Regiment Colonel Geo. Douglass ——

Colonel Pat. Ogilvie, as Second Lieutenant-Colonel to Brigadier Breton's Regiment, at Fort William -Sir Wm. Gordon, as Second Major to the said Regiment Adam Smith, Clerk to the Court Martial William Stewart, Physician-General -

Geo. Preston, Surgeon-Major, for himself and Mate Captain Wm. Lockhart, Intendant of Invalids

David Campbell, Solicitor to the 4th Troop of Guards Sir Wm. Hope -

Sir Wm. Douglas, as Brigadier-General -

To the Agent of the Welsh Fufileers, for Lieutenant-Colonel Mon-targyer ——

s

*5

tc(

.5

c

o

O

473 5 '

7»°93 3 4

991 11 8

1,801 2 6

1,420 9 2

991 11 8

991 11 8

1,002 4 7

1,002 4 7

1,002 4 7

1,002 4 7

55® 3 4

812 2 6

812 2 6

812 2 6

812 2 6

812 2 6

812 2 6

587 — 10

2,084 18 4

— Per Annum.

547 10 —

146 — —

365 — —

2tq 146 — —

182 10 —

127 15 —

9\ 5 —

136 17 6

100 7 6

146 —

182 10 —

73 — —

260 1 3

547 10 ——

15 —

3*>5°9

*3»a89

12,103

11.

s. d.

— 4

10 —:

15 10

Colonel

Duke of Bed* i>rds Estate.

leave of

Absence.

Fifty new Churches.

RTe&ions — fraudulently multiplying V otes.

Steyning

flection*

ioAnn.

29* Februarii.

w

SJ

"5

c

<u

tic

_c

*-3

a

o

O

Colonel Salufbury - - - .

Mrs. Babington - -

Captain Harris’s Widow ——

Captain Geo. Browne's ——

Lieutenant Meole's - -

Aaron Derby ——

Mr. Shaw -

Dr. Linderot - -

Major John Rose - -

Mrs. Morley ——

Robert Cornelius ——

Late Captain Benj. Tichbourne's Three Daughters -Commissary Abington ——

Commissary Aideroft -

Lord Land/downe’s Allowance, as Secretary at War, and for the Contingencies of his Office - - .

Sir Philip Meadowes and James Bruce Esquire, their Allowance for the contingent Expences of their Office, as Comptrollers of the Army Acounts -

Thomas Byde Equire, additional Allowances, as Judge Advocate General The contingent Expences of the Troops and Regiments in Great Britain upon their several Marches, and other incident Charges; . which are paid by her Majesty’s Warrants -

Pay Office,

49th February 1711.

£ d. 200 — — 100 — . — 100 — — 100 — —

36 10 T — 36 10 —

40 ——

50 ——

40 ——

27 7 6

36 10 — 50 ——

91 5 — 9* 5

*>455

9 9° -

365 ——

6,713 6 8

Total - -

117

c s. d.

i3»977 *5 5

86,291

2*

Ordered, That the said Distribution be referred to the Grace himself came, and, in Person, solicited Votes for Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, the said Lord Bellew: That the Petitioner had the Ma» who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to jority of unbribed Votes, and ought to have been re-her Majesty. turned: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, Th'at the said Petition be referred to the

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees, during the Minority of Duke of Bedford, and of the Lord Russell his Brother, to grant Leases of the Estate of the said Duke, and Sets for getting Copper and other Ore and Minerals, therein; and for rendering valid and effectual several such Grants, or Sets, already made; was read the First time.

Jiefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Hedges have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Annejley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Time given to the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an Act, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties on Coals, for building of Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and other Purposes therein mentioned; and also for giving the said Commissioners farther Powers for better effecting the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Cholmondley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament: And the same was received.

A Petition of William Wallis Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, on the Sixteenth Day of February, the Election Day for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Suffer, the Petitioner, and the Lord Viscount Bellew of the Kingdom of Ireland, were Candidates: That the Agents of the Lord Bellew, by Bribery, and other indirect Practices, gained many of the Petitioner’s Voters; and a noble Peer’s Chaplain appeared in the Borough Eight Days before the Election, and in his Grace’s Name, promised Five or Six Guineas a Man to such as would vote for the Lord Belleio; and before the Election, his

Vol. 17.

Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do, in the First Place, examine the Matter of the Return, and report the same to the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider farther of W ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Cue far, Colonel Goreing, General Ecklyn, Mr. -field, Mr. Campion, Mr. Bramfen, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming to Agmandi/ham Vesey Esquire, and his Children, the Benefit intended by an Act, passed in the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for their Relief; and for discharging him and them of the Rents and Profits of their Estate, incurred before the Palling of the said Act; is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Hh

Ways and Meant.

Committees.’

Vesey’s

Estate*.

r° Martn

119

A. 1711.

American Frixe Goods

Sabbat i> 1* die Martii;

Anno 10* Ann® Reginaa, 1711. Prayers.

ABI L L for the Relief of the Merchant importing Prize Goode from America, was read a Second

time.

Resolved, That the BH1 be committed.

Resolved, That the BiH be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Hoafe will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bid.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Leaseholders, and Copy-holdere, of the Parish and Manor of as well

for themselves as their Under-tenants, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the makieg the River Avon navigable from to Rath will greatly

prejudice the Petitioners: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the BiH for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Avon, in the Counties of and

Gloucester, navigable, from the City of Rath, to or near Hanham’s Mills, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, thereupon, if they flull think fit, before the said Committee.

Avon

Navigation.

Ditto. A Petition of divers Merchants trading to and from the West Indies was. presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have paid the full Duty for sundry Parcels of Cocoa Nuts, imported from the West Indies, as Prize Nuta: That others, who have imported the like Goods, and lodged them in her Majesty’s Warehouses, are like to be relieved by the House; And praying, That they may have a Drawback for what Duties they have over-paid, tn such Sorts as others shall be relieved whose Goods are in her Majesty’s Ware-house.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of the Merchants importing Prize Goods from America, is committed.

nations — A Bill for more effectually preventing fraudulent Con-

jnUie."n veyances, in order to multiply Votes for electing Knights Votet. 8 of Shires to serve in Parliament, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Manufacture A Petition of Abraham Elton, Benjamin Coote, and Oi£0W*r Edward Lloyd, Merchants, in Rrijlol, and John Ildch-cock, and John Shorey, and James Knight, Merchants, in London, in behalf of themselves, and all the several Manufacturers ibCopperOre, wrought

Brals, Battery, tCc. within the Kingdom of Great -tain, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the Art and Industry of the Petitioners, and those concerned with them in the several Manufactures aforesaid, the said Goods are not only made here, but are all made of Copper Ore, and Lapis dug out of the Earth within this Kingdom; to the Encouragement of our own People, and the Employment of our own Poor: That, by reason of Encouragement given by former Laws to foreign Goods, the Petitioners lie under great Disadvantages and Inequalities, therein particularly set forth: And praying the Consideration of the House, and to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report tire same to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Earl, Mr. Thompson, Sir Gilbert Dolhen, Sir Hum. Mr. Cook, Mr.

Rraeebridge, Mr. Quick, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Croft;, Sir Wm. Rough ton, Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Bayly, Sir Wm. Mr. Far-

rer, Mr. Rniere, Mr. Page, Sir Wm. Pole, Sir Geo.

Newland, Sir James Etheridge, Sir Caplejbtie Rampfield, Mr. Prise, Mr. Oglethorp, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Robert

Davers, Mr. Laufon, Sir Blackett, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Cotes, Mr. Car her ight, Mr. Conyers, Colonel Drake, Mr. Gen/, Dr. Pajke, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Mr.

New I and, Sir Edward Sir Wm. Drake, Mr.

Renda, Mr. Freman, Mr. Smith, Sir Edmund Bacon,

Mr. Pytts; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, and Somerfel: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers and Records.

Ordered, That it be an ItiftruClion to the said Committee, That they do hear the Commissioners of the Customs touching the Matter of the said Petition.

J7

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Worsley have Leave to l eave of go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordi- Abieuce-nary Occasions.

A Petition of the Clothiers-and Persons employed in Woollen the Woollen Manufacture at Froome, and Partsadjacent, in the County of Somerset, in behalf of themselves, and cloth. the rest of the Medley or Mixture Clothiers of England, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That in Broad Medley Cloth, Straining thereof is a Fraud to Buyer and Wearer, and a Discouragement to all good Makers: And praying the excessiveStraining thereof may be forbidden; and that the same may be measured when in Water at the Mills, by a sworn Measurer, and such Lengths being stamped on the Seal of every Cloth may be the Rule of Payment.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Robert Davers presented to the House, according Pake’s Debt to Order, A Bill to explain an Act, made in the Seventh totbe fr0"4. Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to iui-power the Lord High Treasurer of Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with the Sureties of Samuel Pacey, deceased, late Receiver General for the County of Suffolk; so far as it relates to

Joseph Poke, One of the said Sureties; and the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Signet Coin- Majesty, that (he will be pleased to direct, That Copies minion in of the present Commission for keeping the Signet in Scotldni Scotland, and of the Commission that was in the Year 1705, may he laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House, as are bf her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy passing Sheriffs Palling Accounts, was read the Third time. Sheruts

And the Amendments following were severally pro- Account* posed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. L. 14., to Leave out " Commissioners," and insert " Commission

Pr. 1 o. L. after " Mayor," to insert " Aldermen and Common Council;" and leave out " his," and insert " their

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the BiH do pals: And that the Title be. An Act, for the more easy passing Sheriffs Accounts.

Ordered, That Mr. Brarcbridgedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir Wm. Pole presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein: And the same was received.

Woollen

Manufacture of Aiedley Cloth.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Way»

Committee of the whole House, who were to confnfer ami Au-,i

farther

io Ann. 1° Martii. n

farther of Waysnnd Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were rend; and are as follow;

Re/blved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Deduction of a and £ per Cent, which has been, or oucht to have been, made from the Pay, Stibfi-dies, or other Allowances, for foreign Forces in her Majesty’s Service, be continued for the Year 1712, and applied for the Service of the War, in Aid of the Provision made, or to be made, in this Session of Parliament, for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Money which is, oral any time before the First Day of Aitgujl next shall be, deficient to complete the quarterly Payments of the Annuities amounting to Eighty thousand Pounds per , purchased upon

an Act of Parliament in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, be supplied, and made good, out of any Publick Money, that is, or shall be, in the Exchequer, not appropriated to any particular Ufeor Uses, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, in that behalf.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much as is, or shall at any time or times be, deficient to complete the quarterly Payments of the Annuities amounting to Forty thousand Pounds per An-namt purchased upon an Act of the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, and thereby charged upon fereral overplus Monies therein mentioned, be supplied and mode good, from time to time, out of any Publick Money that is, or shall be, in the Exchequer, not appropriated to any particular Use or Uses, by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, in that behalf.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for raising the Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds per Annum, resolved to be added to the Fund settled by an Act of the last Session of Parliament; whereby, among other things, a Rent of Ten Shillings a Year is

fayable upon Licensing of Hackney Chairs; a further 'owerbe given for Licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs, during the Continuance of the said Act; so as the said additional Number of Chairs do Hot exceed One hundred; and so as the Rent or Sum payable for each additional Chair do not exceed Ten Shillings per Annum.

'1 he said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Rfpresenta- Sir Thomas I I dinner reported from the Committee, to Siat.0"/11* "horn it was referred to draw up a Representation to be tte War wade to her Majesty, that they had drawn up the fame.

accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where it was twice read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutifnl and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, having nothing so much at Heart as to enable your Majesty to bring this long and expensive War to an honourable and happy Conclusion, have taken it into our moll ferions Consideration, how the necessary Supplies to be provided by us may be bell applied, and the common Cause may, in the most effectual manner, be carried on by the united Force of the whole Confederacy: We have thought ourselves obliged, in Duty to your Majesty, and in Discharge of the Trail reposed in us, to inquire into the true State of the War in all its Parts: We have examined what Stipulations have been entered into between your Majesty and your Allies; and bowfar such Engagements have, on each Side, been made good: We have considered the different Interests which the Confederates have in the Success of this War; and the different Shares they have contributed to its Support: We have, with our utmost Care and Diligence, endea-Voi. 17.

voured to discover the Nature, Extent, and Charge of it; R«p»fe»w-to the end, that, by comparing the Weight thereof with our.own Strength, wemight adapt the one to the other in y,e such measure, as neither to continueyour Majesty's Subjects under a heavier Burden than in Reason and Justice they ought to bear; nor deceive your Majesty, your Allies, and ourselves, by undertaking more than the Nation, in its present Circumstances, is able to perform.

Your Majesty has been graciously pleased, upon our bumble Applications, to order such Materials to be laid before us, as havefurnished us with the necessary Information upon the Particulars we have inquired into:

And when we shall have laid before your Majesty our Observations and humble Advice, upon this Subject, we promise to ourselves this happy Fruit from it; That, if your Majesty’s generous and good Purposes for the procuring a safe and lasting Peace should, through the Ob-ftinacy of the Enemy, or by any other Means, be unhappily defeated, a true Knowledge and Understanding of the past Conduct of the War, will be the bell Foundation for a more frugal and equal Management of it for the time to come.

In order to take the more perfectView of what we proposed; and that we might be able to set the Whole before your Majesty in a true Light; we have thought it necessary to go back to the Beginning of the War; and beg Leave to observe the Motives and Reasons upon which his late Majesty King William engaged first in it: The Treaty of the grand Alliance explains those Reasons to be, for the supporting the Pretensions of his Imperial Majesty, when aft ually engaged in a War with th King, who had usurped the entire SpanijhMonarchy for

his Grandson the Duke of Anjou; and for the assisting the States General, who, by the Loss of their Barrier*against France, were then in the fame, or a more dangerous Condition then if they wereactually invaded: As these were the justand necessary Motives for undertaking this War: so the Ends proposed to be obtained by it were equally wife and honourable: For, as they are set forth in the Eighth Article of the same Treaty, they appear to have been, the procuring an equitable and reasonable Satisfaction to his Imperial Majesty, and sufficient Securities for the Dominions, Provinces, Navigation, and Commerce, of the King of Great Britain, and the States General; the making effectual Provision, That the Two Kingdoms of France and Spain should never be united under llie same Government; and, particularly, that the French should never get into the Possession of the Spanifk West Indies, or be permitted to fail thither, upon the

Account of Traffick, under any Pretence whatsoever; and, lastly, the securing to the Subjects of the King of Great Britain, and the States General, all the same Pri-

vileges, and Rights of Commerce throughout the whole Dominions of Spain, as they enjoyed before the Death o (Charles the Second, King of Spain, by virtue of any Treaty, Agreement, Custom, or any other way whatsoever: For the obtaining these Ends, the Three confederated Powers engaged toaffiftone another with their whole Force, according to such Proportions as should be specified in a particular Convention afterwards to be made for that Purpose: We do not find, that any such Convention was ever ratified; but it appears, that there was an Agreement concluded, which, by common Consent was under flood to behind ing upon each Party respectively; and according to which, the Proportions of Great Britain were, from the Beginning, regulated and founded: The Terms of that Agreement were, That, for the Service at Laud, his Imperial Majesty should furnish Ninety thou-fantl Men; the King of Great Britain, Forty thousand; and the States General, One hundred and Two thousand; of which there were Forty-two thousand intended to supply their Garrisons, and Sixty thousaudto aft against the common Enemy in the Field: And, with regard to the Operations of the War at Sea, they were agreed to be performed jointly by Great Britain and the States General; the Quota of Ships to be furnished for that Service being, Five-eighths on the Part of Great,

and Three-eighths on the Part of the States General.

Upon

Repreftnta-tion on the State of the War.

120 i° Martii. J. mi i.

Upon this Foot the War began in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Two; at which time the whole yearly Expence of it to England amounted to Three mil* lions Seven hundred and Six thousand Four hundred and Ninety-four Pounds; a very great Charge, as it was then thought by your Majesty’s Subjects, after the short Interval of Ease they had enjoyed from the Burthen of the former War; but yet a very moderate Proportion, in Gimparifon with the Load which hath since been laid upon them; for it appears by Estimates given in to your Commons, that the Sums necessary to carry on the Service for this present Year, in the same manner as it was performed the last Year, amount to more than Six millions Nine hundred Sixty thousand Pounds, besides Interest, for the Publick Debt, and the Deficiencies accruing the last Year; which Two Articles require One million One hundred and Forty-three thousand Pounds more; so that the whole Demands upon your Commons are arisen to more than Eight millions for the present annual Supply: We know your Majesty’s tender Regard for the Welfare of your People will make it uneasy to you to hear of so great a Pressure, as tin’s, upon them; and as we are assured it fully convinces your Majesty of the Necessity of our present Inquiry; so we beg leave to representto you, from what Causes, and by what Steps, this immense Charge appears to have grown upon us.

The Service at Sea, as it hath been very large and extensive in itself, so it hath been carried on, through the whole Course of the War, in a manner highly disadvantageous to your Majesty, and your Kingdom: For the Necessity of Affairs requiring that great Fleets should be fitted out every Year, as well for the maintaining a Superiority in the Mediterranean, as for opposing any Force which the Enemy might prepare, either at Dunkirk, or in the Ports of West France; your Majesty’s example, and Readiness, in fitting out your Proportion of Ships for all Parts of that Service, have been so far from prevailing with the States General to keep Pace with you, that they have been deficient every Year, to a great Degree, in proportion to what your Majesty hath fur-nillied; sometimes no less than Two-thirds, and generally more than half of their Quota; From hence your Majesty has been obliged, for the preventingDifappoint-ments in the most pressing Services, to supply those Deficiencies by additional Reinforcements of your own Ships: Nor hath the Angle Increase of such a Charge been the only ill Consequence that attended it: for, by this means, the Debt of the Navy hath been enhanced, so that the Discounts arising upon the Credit of it have affected all other Parts of the Service; From the same Cause, your Majesty’s Ships of War have been forced, in greater Nnmbers, to continue in remote Seas, and at unseasonable Times of the Year, to the great Damage and Decay of the British Navy: This also hath been the Occasion, that your Majesty hath been straitened in your Convoys for Trade; your Coasts have been exposed, for want of a sufficient Number of Cruisers to guard them; and you have been disabled from annoying the Enemy in their most beneficial Commerce with the West Indies, from whence they have received those vast Supplies of Treasure, without which they could not have supported the Expences of this War.

That Part of the War which hath been carried on in Flanders, was at first immediately necessary to the Security of the States General, and hath since brought them great Acquisitions both of Revenue and Dominion: Yet, even there, the original Proportions have been departed from; and, during the Course of the War, have been sinking, by Degrees, on the Part of Holland, so that, in this last Year, we find the Number in which they fell lliort of their Three-fifths to your Majesty’s Two-fifths, to have been Twenty thousand Eight hundred and Thirty-seven men: We are not unmindful, that in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Three, a Treaty was made between the Two Nations, for a joint Augmentation of Twenty thousand Men; wherein the Proportions were varied, and England consented to take

Half upon itself: But it having been annexed, as an express Condition, to the Grant of the said Augmentation in Parliament, That the States General should prohibit all Trade and Commerce with France; and that Condition having not been performed by them; the Commons think it reasonable.That the First Rule, of Three toTvvo, ought to have taken Place again, as well in that, as in other subsequent Augmentations; more especially, when they consider that the Revenues of those rich Provinces which have been conquered, would, if they were duly applied, maintain a great Number of new additional Forces against the common Enemy; notwithstanding which the States General have raised none upon that Account, but make use of those fresh Supplies of Money only to ease themselves in the Charge of their first established Quota.

As in the Progress of the War in Flanders a Dispro* portion was soon created to the Prejudice of England, so the very Beginning of the War in Portugal brought an unequal share of Burthen upon us: For although the Emperor, and the States General, were equally Parties with your Majesty in the Treaty with the King of gal;yet the Emperor neither furnishing his Third Part of the Troops and Subsidies stipulated for; nor the Dutch consenting to take an equal Share of his Imperial Majesty’s Deleft upon themselves; your Majesty hath been obliged to furnish Two-thirds of the entire Expence' created by that Service: Nor has the Inequality flopped there; for ever since the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Six, when the Englishand Dutch Forces march-. edoutofPnftwga/into Castile, the States General have entirely abandoned the War in Portugal, and left your Majesty to prosecute it, singly, at your own Charge: which you have accordingly done, by replacing a greater Number of Troops there than, even at first, you took upon you to provide: At the same time your Majesty’s generous Endeavours for the Support and Defence of the King of Portugal have been but ill seconded br that Prince himselt; for, notwithstanding that, by his Treaty, he had obliged himselfto furnish Twelve thousand Foot, and Three thousand Horse, upon his own Account; besides Eleven thousand Foot, and Two thousand Horse more, in Consideration of a Subsidy paid him, yet, according to the best Information your Commons can procure, it appears, that he hath scarce, at any time, furnished Thirteen thousand Men in the Whole.

In Spain, the War hath been yet more unequal and burthensome to your Majesty than any other Branch of it: For, being commenced without any Treaty whatsoever, the Allies havealmost wholly declined taking any Part of it upon themselves: A small Body of English and Dutch Troops were lent thither, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Five; not as being thought sufficient to support a regular War, or to make the Conquest of so large a Country; but with a View only of assisting the Spaniards to let King Charles upon the Throne, occasioned by the great Assurances which were given of their Inclinations to the House of Austria: But this Expectation failing, England was insensibly drawn into an established War, under all the Disadvantages of the Distance of the Place, and the feeble Efforts of the other Allies: The Account we have to lay before your Majesty upon this Head is. That although this Undertaking was entered upon at the particular and earnest Requestof the Imperial Court; and for a Cause of no less Importance and Concern to them than the reducing the Spanish Monarchy to the House of Austria; yet neither the late Emperors, nor his present Imperial Majesty, have ever had any Forces there on their own Account, till the last Year; and then only One Regiment of Foot, consisting of Two thousand Men; Though the States General have contributed something more to this Service, yet their Share also hath been inconsiderable; for in the Space of Four Years, from One thousand Seven hundred and Five, to One thousand Seven hundred and Eight, both inclufne, all the Forces they have sent into that Country have not exceeded

Twelve

i a i

xo Ann. i° Martii.

Twelve Thousand Two hundred Men; and from the Year Colls; and have been connived at in laying their Part pPprcfenta-One thousand Seven hundred and Eight, to this Time, ot' the Burden on this Kingdom, although they have, ti<m <-h ;he. they have not sent any Forces or Recruits whatsoever: upon all Accounts, been equally, and, in most respects, !>ute of the

To your Majesty’s Care and Chargethe Recovery ot’that much more nearly, concerned, than Britain, it: the If- "iir-Kingdom hath been, in a manner, wholly left, as it' none sue of the War: We are persuaded your Majesty will elle were interested or concerned in it; and the Forces think it pardonable in us, with some Resentment, to which your Majesty hath sent into Spain, in the Space of complain of the little Regard which some of those whom Seven Years, from One thousand Seven hundred and Five your Majesty of late Years intrusted, have shewn to the to One thousand Seven hundred and Eleven, both inclu- Interests of their Country, in giving way, at lentt, to such five, have amounted to no less than Fifty-seven thousand unreasonable Impositions upon it, if not, in some meals’ ine hundred Seventy-three Men; besides Thirteen fine, contriving, them: The Course of which Impositions Battalionsand Eighteen Squadrons, for which your Ma- hath been so singular and extraordinary, that the more jetty hath paid a Subsidy to the Emperor: How great the the Wealth of this Nation hath been exhausted, and the established Expence of such a Number of Men hath been, more your Majesty’s Arms hath been attended with Suc-your Majesty very well knows, and yonr Commons very cess, the heavier hath been the Burden laid upon us; ienfibly feel: But the Weight will be foundmuch greater, whilll on the other hand, the more vigorous your Majes-when it is considered how many heavy Articles of un- ty’s Eflorts have been, and the greater the Advantages usual and extraordinary Charge hath attended this re- which have redounded thence to your Allies, the more mote and difficult Service; all which have been entirely those Allies have abated in their Share of the Expence, defray ed by your Majesty, except that one of transporting At the first Entrance into this War, the Commons the few Forces which were sent by the States General, were induced to exert themselves in the extraordinary and the Victualling of them during their Transportation manner they did, and to grant such large Supplies as only: The Accounts delivered to your Commons llievv, had been unknown to former Ages, in hopes thereby to that the Charge of your Majesty’s Ships and Vessels em- prevent the Mischiefs of a lingering War; and to bring ployed in the Service of the War in Spain and Portugal, that, in which they were necessarily engaged, to a spee-reckoned after the Rate of Four Pounds a Man, perdy Conclusion: But they have been very unhappy in Month, from the time they failed from hence till they the Event, whilst they have so much Real’on to suspect, returned, were loft, or put upon other Services, hath that what was intended to lliorteu the War, hath proved amounted to Six millions Five hundred and Forty thou- the very Cause of its long Continuance: For those to sand Nine hundred and Sixty-six Pounds Fourteen Slid- whom the Profits of it have accrued, have been disposed lings: The Charge of Transports, on the Part of Great not easily to forego them: And your Majesty will from Britain, for carrying on the War in Spain and Portugal, thence difeern the true Reason, why so many have de-from the Beginning of it till this Time, hath amounted to lighted iu a War, which brought in so rich an Harvell,

One million Three hundred Thirty-six thousand Seven yearly, from

hundred ami Nineteen Pounds Nineteen Shillings and We are as fari'rom defiling, as weknowyour Majesty Eleven Pence: that of victualling Land Forces for the will be from concluding, any Peace, but upon safe and same Service, to Five hundred Eighty-three thousand honourable Terms: And we are far from intending to Seven hundred and Seventy Pounds Eight Shillings and excuse ourselves from raising all necessary and possible Sixpence; and that of Contingencies, and other Extraor- Supplies for an effectual Prosecution of the War, till such dinarics, for the same Service, to One million Eight a Peace can be obtained: All that your faithful Com-' hundred and Forty thousand Three hundred Fifty- mons aim at, all that they wifii, is, an equal Concur-three Pounds. rencefrom the other Powers engaged in Alliance with

We should take Notice to your Majesty of several your Majesty, and a just Application of what hath been Sums paid upon account of Contingencies, and Extra- already gained from the Enemy towards promoting the ordinaries, in Flanders, making, together, iheSum of One common Cause: Several large Countries and Territories Million One hundred and Seven thousand Ninety-six have been rellored to the House of; such as the

Pounds; hut we are not able to make any Comparison Kingdom of the Duchy of and other

of them, with what the States General have expended Places in Italy: Others have been conquered, and added upon the same Head, having no such Stale of their ex- to their Dominions; as the Two Electorates of Bavaria tmordinary Charge before us. and Cologne, the Duchy of Mantua, and the Bishoprick

Thereremains, therefore, butOne Particular more for of Liege: These, having been reduced, in great measure, your Majesty’s Observation; which arises from the Sub- by our Flood and Treasure, mav, we humbly conceive, fid ies paid to foreign Princes. These, at the Beginning with great Reason, be claimed to come in Aid towards of the War, were borne in equal Proportion by your Ma- carrying on the War iu; And, therefore, we make jesty, and the States General; hut in this 1 nilanoe, also, it our earnell Request to your Majesty, That you will the Balance hath been cad in Prejudice of your Ma- give Instructions toyour Ministers to infill with the Majesty: For it appears that your Majesty hath since ad- peror, that the Revenues of those several Places, except-vaneed, more than your equal Proportion, Three mil- ingonly such a Portion thereof as is necessary for their lions One hundred and Fifty-five thousand Crowns, be- Defence, be actually so applied: And as to the other fides Extraordinaries paid in Italy, and not. included in Parts of the War, to which your Majesty hath obliged any of the foregoing Articles, which arise to Five hundred yourself by particular Treaties to contribute, we humbly. Thirty-nine thousand Five hundred Fifty-three Pounds, beseech your Majesty, That you will be pjeased to take We have laid these several Particulars before your effectual Care, that your Allies do perform their Parts Majesty in the shortellmanner we have been able: And stipulated by those Treaties; and that your Majesty by an Estimate, grounded on the preceding Ea6ts, it will, for the future, no otherways furniffi Troops^ or pay does appear. That over and above the Quotas on the Subsidies, than in proportion to what your Allies shall Part of Great Britain answering to those contributed actually furnish and pay: When this Justice is done to by your Allies, more than Nineteen millions have been your Majesty, and to your People, there is nothing which ix|iended by your Majesty, during the Course of this your Commons will not cheerfully grant towards sup-War, by way of Surplusage, or exceeding in Balance;, porting your Majesty in the Cause in which you are of which, none of the Confederates have furnished any engaged: And whatever further shall appear to be nettling whatsoever. celiiiry for carrying on the War, either at Sea or I-and,

It is with very great Concern, that we find so much we will efleflually enable your Majesty to bear your Occasion given us to represent how ill an Ule hath been reasonable Share of any such Expence; and will spare made of your Majesty’s, and your Subjects, Zeal for the i)o Supplies which your Subjects are able, with their common Cause :'l hat the Interest of that Cause hath not utmoli Efforts, to afford.

been proportionably promoted by it; but others only After having inquired into, and considered, the State have been eased, at your Majesty’s and your Subjects, of the War, in which the Part your Majesty has borne Vot. 17* I i appears

Representation of the State of the War.

>122

r

Martii.

appears to have been only superior to that of any one Ally, but even eqnal to that of the whole Confederacy; your Commons naturally inclined to hope, that they should find Care had been taken of securing some particular Advantages to Britain in the Terms of a future Peace, such as might afford a Prospect of making the Nation Amends in time for that imroenfeTreafure which hath been expended;and those heavy Debts which have been contracted in the Course osso long and burdensome a War: This reasonable Expectation could no way have been better answered, than by some Provision made for the further Security, and the greater Invprovement, of the Commerce of Great Britain: But we find ourselves so very far disappointed in these Hopes, that in a Treaty not long since concluded between your Majesty and the States General, underColour ofa mutual Guaranteegiven lor Two Poiuts of the greatest Importance to both Nations, the Succession, and the Barrier; it appears, the Interest of Great Britain hath been not only neglected, but iacrificed; and that several Articlesin the said Treaty are destructive to the Trade and Welfare of this Kingdom; and therefore, highly dithonourable to your Majesty.

Your Commons observe, in the First Place, That several Towns and Places are, by virtue of this Treaty, to beput into the Hands of the States General; particularly Nieuport, Dendermonde, and the Castle of; which

can in ooSenfe be looked upon as Part ofa Barrier against France; but, being the Keys of the Netherlands towards Britain, must make the Trade of your Majesty’s Subjects in those Parts precarious^md, whenever the States think fit, totally exclude them from it: The pretended Necessity of putting these Places into the Hands of the States peneral, in order to fecqre to them a Communication with their Barrier, must appear vain and groundless; for the Sovereigntyof the Low Countries being not to remain to an Enemy, but to a Friend, and an Ally, that Communication must be always secure and uninterrupted; besides, that in case of a Rupture, or any Attack, the States have full Liberty allowed them to take Possession of all the Spani/k Netherlands, and therefore needed no

particular Stipulation for the Towns above mentioned.

Having taken Notice of this Concession made to the States General, for seizing upon the whole Ten Provinces; we cannot but observe to your Majesty, That in the manner this Article is framed, it is another dangerous Circumstance which attends this Treaty: For had such a Provision been confined to the same of an apparent Attack from France only, the avowed Design of this Treaty had been fulfilled; and your Majesty’s Instructions to your Ambassador bad been purmed: But this necessary RestriClion hath been omitted; and the same Liberty is granted to the States to take Possession of all the Netherlands, whenever they shall think themselves attacked by any other neighbouring Nation, as when they shall be in danger from France; so that if it should at any time happen, which your Commons are very unwilling to suppose, that they should quarrel even with your Majesty, the Riches, Strength, and advantageous Situation, of these Countries, may be made use of against yourfejf; without whofs generous and powerful A Alliance they had never been conquered.

To return to those ill Consequenceswhich relateto the Trade of your Kingdoms; we beg Leave to observe to your Majesty, That though this Treaty revives, and renders your Majesty a Patty to the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Articles of the Treaty of by virtue of

which, the Impositions upon all Goods and Merchan-difes brought into the SpanijliLow Countries by the Sea,

are to equal those laid on Goods and Merchandises imported by the Sdield, and the Canals oiSafs and Swyn, and other Mouths of the Sea adjoining; yet no Care is taken to preserve that Equality upon the Exportation of those Goods out of the Spanijli Provinces, into those Countries and Places, which, by virtue of this Treaty, are to be in the Possession of the States: The Consequence of which must in time be, and your Commons are informed that in some Instances it has already proved to be the Cafe, that Impositions upon Goods

A. 1711.

carried into those Countries and Places by the Subjects of the States General will be taken off, whilst those upon the Goods imported by your Majesty’s Subjects remain; by which means, Great Britain will entirely lose this most beneficial Branch of Trade, which it hath been in all Ages possessed of, even from the time when those Countries were governed by the House of Burgundy, one of the most ancient, as well as the most useful, Allies to the Crown of England.

With regard to the other Dominions and Territories of Spain; your Majesty’s Subjects have always been distinguished in their Commerce with them; and, both by ancient Treaties, and an uninterrupted Custom, have enjoyed greater Privileges and Immunities of Trade, then either the Hollanders, or any other Nation whatsoever: And that wife and excellent Treaty of the grand Alliance provides effectually for the Security and Continuance of these valuable Privileges to Britain, in such a manner, as that each Nation might be left at the End of the War upon the same Foot as it flood at the Commencement of it: But this Treaty we now complain of, instead of confirming your Subjects Rights, surrenders and destroys them: for although by the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Articles of the Treaty of Munjler, made between his Catholick Majesty and the States General, all Advantages of Trade are (iipulated for, and granted to, the Hollanders, equal to what the English enjoyed; yet, the Crown of England not being a Party to that Treaty, the Subjects of England have never submitted to those Articles of it; nor even the Spaniards themselves ever observed them: But this Treaty revives those Articles in Prejudice of Great Britain, and makes your Majesty a Party to them; and even a Guarantee to the States General for Privileges against your own People.

In how deliberate and extraordinary a Manner your Majesty’s Ambassador consented to deprive your Subjects of their ancient Rights, and your Majesty of the Power of procuring to them any new Advantage, most evidently appears from his own Letters; which, by your Majesty’s Directions, have been laid before your Commons: For when Matters of Advantage to your Majesty, and to your Kingdoms, had been offered as proper to be made Parts of this Treaty, they were refused to be admitted by the States General, upon this Reason and Principle, That nothing foreign to the Guarantees of the Succession, and of the Barrier, should be mingled with, them: notwithstanding which, the States General had no fboner received Notice of a Treaty of Commerce concluded between your Majesty and the present Emperor, but they departed from the Rule proposed before, and infilled upon the Article of which your Commons now complain: Which Article your Majesty’s Ambassador allowed of, although equally foreign to the Succession, or the Barrier; and although he had, for that Reason, departed from other Articles which would have been for the Service of his oiyn Country.

We have forborn to trouble your Majesty with general Observations upon this Treaty, as it relates to and affects the Empire, and other Parts of Europe: The Mif-chiefs which arise from it to Great Britain are what only we have presumed humbly to represent to you: As they are very evident, and very great; and as it appears, that the Lord Viscount Townshend had not any Orders or Authority for concluding several of those Articles which are most prejudicial to your Majesty’s Subjects; we have thought we could do no less than declare your said Ambassador, who negotiated and ligned, and all others who advised the Ratifying of, this Treaty, Ene» mies to your Majesty, and to your Kingdom.

Upon these faithful Informations, and Advices from, your Commons, we assure ourselves, your Majesty, in your great Goodness to your People, will refeue them, from those Evils, which the private Counsels of ill-de-signing Men have exposed them to; and that, in your great Wisdom, you will find feme Means for the explain-, ing and amending the several Articles of this Treaty, fe as that they may coufift with theluterest of Great Britain,

and

i o Ann.

3° Martiu

12

and with a real and lading Friendffiip between yotfr Majesty and the States General.

And a Motion being made, and the 'Qtreftion 'being |>ut, that the said Representation tee re-committed;

The Hoafe divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,j Mf-

43-

Crown

Leafei

Publication of Libels.

Mr.

Tellers for the Noes, [ §S,,/mI. $ *' 7-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Cofn-mittee in the said Representation.

Resolved, That the said Representation be prtefented to her Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Representation be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are Of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council do hnrrt-bly know her Majesty’s Pleasure when she will be attended by this House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House wiH, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoofe, upon the Bill to give farther Time for inrolling such Leases, granted from the Crown, as have not been inrolled within the respective Times therein limited.

Rejoined, That this House will, upon Tuesday Severn-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of her Majesty’s Mef-sage to the House, the 17th of January last, which relates to the great Licence taken in pubiiftiing false and scandalous Libels.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

of the Kingdom, for One Year longer, without Amendment: And,

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Recruiting Act for recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces and Forces Marines, for the Service of the Year 1712, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That 'ah humble Address be presented to her Duties on Majesty, That (lie will be pleased to direct the proper Hldes> *c‘ Officers to lay before this House an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties upon Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed; and upon Vellom and Parchment j granted the last Session of Parliament;

And likewffe an Account of the Charge of the Execution of the Lottery Acts, passed the last Session of Parliament; and of the Management thereof for the future.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members Of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Leave of Absence.

Avon

Navigation

T?oo!le* blanufacture of Medley Cloth.

Crown

Leases.

Queen appoints to be attended.

Publick

Accounts.

Luna, 3° die Martii;

Anno 10* Ann« Reginae, 1711.

Praters.

ABI LL for regalating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad Cloth; and for the better Payment of th6 Poor employed therein; wad read the Firfi time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to give further Time for inrolling such Leases, granted frorrt the Crown, as have not been inrolled1 within the respective Times therein limited.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair

Sir Gilbert Dolben took the Chair of the Committee; Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had gone through die Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will pkeafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Secretary St. AVot acquaitiied the House, That her Majesty having* been humbly waited'upon, pursuhnt to their Order, to know when the would be attended by thi f.Htoufe, her Majesty had1 been pleated to appoirttTo-moitow at Two a Clock, at) her Palace of St. James's.

A- Message from1 the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Metier:

Mr. Speaker,

The Londs havw agreed to the Bill, intituled, Art-Act feo-continue an Act, of the last Session of Parliament), far taking, examuuag^and'stating; the PtiWick Accounts Vox. 17.

Ordered, That Mr. Grantham have Leave to go into the Countryfora Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Christopher Fozvler and Samuel Porter, on behalf of Ihertlselves, and the rest of the Proprietors for the Supplying of the City of with

fresh Water, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners have many Mills, Water-works, and Engines, on the River Avon, for making navigable of which a Bill is now depending in this House, for supplying the City of Bristol with ffelli Water: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to i the Cohsideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester, navigable, from the City of Bath, to or

near HanhanCs Mills.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Oldesf Royal Altent Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: to Bllls*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this . honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the IloUfe, went uf» to she House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That he, with the ttotife, had been up to the House of Peers; and heard the Commission read, declaring and notifying the Royal Assent, in her Majesty’s Absence, to several Bills therein mentioned: And the same was, by the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, and other Lords, commissioned by her Majesty for that PuN pose, declared and notified, accordingly, to these Bills; viz.

An Act for recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twelve:

An Act to continue the Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for faking, examining, and stating, the PoMick Accounts of the Kingdom, for one Year longer:

An Act to prevent the disturbing those of the Episco*-pal Communion in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland iti the* Exercise of their religious Worship, and in the Use of the Liturgy of the Church of;

and for repealing the Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act against irregular Baptisms and Marriages:

An Act for enlarging the Term for Payment of certain Duties granted in and by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act for prfeferving. and enlarging the Harbour' of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland.

Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself Supply, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr.

?-enwich

Hospital.

Fxpiring

Laws.

Crown

Leaks-

124 30 — 4 'A. 1711.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Kesolutions; which they had di-retted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martisy 40 die Martii;

Anno to* Ann® Regime, 1711.

Praters.

All ILL for the collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the better Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for the further Benefit thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ref dived. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for reviving and continuing several Laws which are expired or expiring, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Quick, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Conyers, Lord Down,

Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Ctirzon, Mr. Rytts, Sir Bryan Stapleton, Mr. Robinson, Sir Gee. New land, Mr.

Mr. England, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir Robert Davers, Sir

Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Wrightson, Sir Ja. Bateman, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Serjeant Richardson, Captain Dyott, Mr. Goreing, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Thompson, Mr.

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Ward, Mr. Greville, Mr. Carter, Colonel Cafs, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gery, Mr. Lewen, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Manley, Mr. Gould, Mr. Dashwood, Colonel King, Mr. Vincent, Sir Wm. Withers, Sir Cha. Cox, Mr. Mr. Robarts, Sir Arlh. Kay, Sir John Stonehoiife, Mr. Freman, Mr. Ser-

jeant Birch, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. North, Mr. Fer-rier, Sir Richard Onfozo, Sir Wm. Pole, Mr. Orchard, Mr. Givynn, Sir Gilbert Dolbeni Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Moor,

Mr. Finch, Sir Geo. Malhewes; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of London, which was ordered to lie upon the Table till the said Bill was read a Second time, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to receive Clauses for farther explaining the Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of King William the Third, for the Eufe of Jurors, and better regulating of Juries; and also the Act, of the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for continuing the former Acts for exporting Leather, and for Ease of Jurors; and for reviving, and making more effectual, an Act relating to Vagrants; as the same relate to Persons liable to serve on Juries at the Assizes and Sessions of the Peace for the County of York.

Sir Gilbert Dolben, according to Order, reported fi om the Committee of the whole House, to whom the 16

Bill to give farther Time for inrolling such Leases, granted from the Crown, as have not been inrolled within the respective Times therein limited, wjas committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House > which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one;- and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That to supply a Failure in pleading, or deriving the Title to Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, conveyed by Deed of Bargain and Sale, where the original Indenture of Bargain and Sale be wanting, that where, in any Pleading whatsoever, such Bargain and Sale inrolled shall be pleaded with a Profert in Curia, the Persons so pleading shall be allowed, in Answer to l’uch Profert, to produce a Copy of the Inrolment of the said Bargain and Sale, examined and signed by the proper Officer; and the same to be of the same Effect as the Indenture of Bargain and Sale would be, if produced:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill/ with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Rel'o-lutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Twenty-five thousand Three hundred Eighty-five Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight Pence Farthing, be granted to he* Majesty, to defray the Charge of the Brit if 1 and other Forces in her Majesty’s Pay in Spain for One Quarter of a Year, from Chrifmas 1711 to Lady Day 1712.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That the Sum of Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds be granted to her Majesty, for her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charge of the War in Spain for Three Quarters of a Year, from Lady-day 171a to Chrifmas 1712; the same being after the Rate of Three hundred Thirty-three thousand Three hupdred Thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence per Annum, for her Majesty’s Part of Four Millions of Crowns, to be borne by her Majesty and her Allies, for the carrying on the said War.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the House be moved. That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, humbly beseeching her Majesty, That it may be represented to his Imperial Majesty, That from and after the 25th of March 1712, her Majesty will look upon herself obliged to contribute no more to the Expence of carrying on the War in , than One-third of Four millions of Crowns, proposed by Prince Eugene of Savoy, for the Charge of that Part

of the War.

The Two first of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Third llesolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, humbly beseeching. her Majesty, That it may be represented to his Imperial Majesty, That from and after the 25th of March 1712, her Majesty will look

upon herself obliged to contribute no more to the Expence of carrying on the War in Spain, than One-third of Four millions of Crowns, proposed by Prince Eugene of Savoy, for the Charge of that Part, of the War.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council:

‘ . Mr.

Supply.

ioAnn. 40 — 50 Marti't. 125

.AnfWwto Mr. Secretary Si. John reported to the House, That Wdrefitj. their Adressts, of the aid of February, That an Account of Remittances of Money for the foreign Service; and of the 27th of Februalalt, relating to the Commissions for executing the Office of Lord High Chamberlain of Scotland; and of the First Inliant, relating to the Commissions for keeping the Signet in Scotland and of the Third Instant, relating to the Duties upon Hides and Skins, Vellom and Parchment, and Charge of Execution of the Lottery Acts, and Management of the same for the future; had been presented to her Majesty: and that her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions therein, according to the Desires of this House.

Officers Hands, as a Pledge, and thereby have the Liberty to sell the same Fish; and hoping to be relieved by this honourable House: And praying such Relief in the Premises as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of the Merchants importing Prize Goods from America, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Bertie, who serves for the Leave of Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, have Absence. Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

African Rc/olved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

Trade' night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hodfe, to consider farther of the Trade to Africa.

I.iuncerton Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing aBurgefsto servein this present Parliament for the Borough of Dunhivid, alias in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Francis Esq.

who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Receiver and Paymaster of her Majesty’s Tin Farm, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 50 Martii;

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Woollen of the ancient Corporation of Westbury, as also of the ^awU^,c,t^ir< Clothiers of the Town and Hundred of Westbury, and cloth! Places adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and of the Medley or Mixture Clothiers of England, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in the Making of Broad Medley Cloth, Straining is of very great Damage, both to Ylakerand Buyer, and ruins the Reputation of that Manufacture abroad: And praying, That the Straining thereof may be forbidden; and that the same may be measured when full wet in the Mill, by a sworn Measurer, and the Lengths thereof be stamped on the Seal; and that that may be the Rule of Payment for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; be read a Second time.

Anno io# Annae Reginas, 1711.

Prayers.

Ts’ewcafile upon rl yne liofpiuu.

MR. Wrighfon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for theeredting a Corporation for the speedy fiiishing the Hospital, and establishing, perpetuating, and managing, the Charity of the Skippers and Keelmen of the Town and County of upon-Tt/ne, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and to read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughont; and then a Second time, one by otie; and, with (bme Amendments to one of them, agreed onto by the Hoofe.

Ordered, That the BUI, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Content Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to

Call/. whom the Bill to make free the Content Gaily, a running Ship, taken from the French, and condemned as Prize, Was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then aSecond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Duty on A Petition of John Becher, of Bristol, on behalf of

Pnze Goods- himself, and several other Merchants concerned in the Trade to Newfoundland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner, and several others, Merchants of Bristol, have, at their own Charge, fitted out several Ships, carrying Letters of Marque, to annoy the Enemy on the Coalt of Newfoundland; and took several Prizes; One of which, named LdExcellent, arrived at Bristol, in November lad,

laden with Bank Cod Fish, and was condemned as Prize: That the Fish being perishable, and the Duties demanded being more than the same was worth, the Petitioners left the Money for the said Duties in the Vol. 17.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Prat have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Six weeks, upon extraordinary Absence* Occasions.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Anstruther, Privileges and Elections, touching the Elections for the Burghs of Pitlenween, Anjlruther Easter, Anstruther Wefier, Creal, and Kilremiie; touching the Matter of the Petition of the Fullers and Freemen of the City of Coventry; touching the Election for the City of Edinburgh; and the Election for the City of ;be

received upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

Mr. Speaker reported. That he did, with the House, Answer to Yesterday, attend her Majesty, and presented to her ^PreaenU" Majesty their humble Representation: And that her l0D‘ Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answtfr thereunto; viz.

This Representation is a further Instance of that dutiful Aflfe&ion to my Service, and Concern for the Publick Interest, which this House of Commons has always shewn.

You may be assured. That I will give such Orders as shall effectually answer what yon desire of me in every Particular.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Punishing ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mutiny and House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defer- 1)ef*rt, on-tion, and false Mutters; and fertile better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Ways whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means and Mean*’ for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will^upon Monday Morn-

K k ing

Avou

Navigation.

Duke of Bedford's Estate.

Duties on Hides, Jtc.

126 50 — 6° Martiu 1711.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole _ Gross Produce of Stock in Haiid,

House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raif- in - - - 4,531 5 5

ing the Supply granted to her Majesty. D* - - in Country - 11,256 7 3-

Ordered, That Mr. Ackland, Mr. Bagotl, Sir JVm.

Barker, Mr. Fleming, Mr Mr. Gifford, Mr.

Burk, Colonel Goring, Sir Wm. Careto, Mr.

Mr. Carter, Mr. Harris, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Cockburn, Sir Nich. Mr.

Mr. Rowney, Mr. Curzon, Mr. North, General Ecklyn,

Mr. Lambton, Mr. EJfington; and all . that serve for

Wales, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester, navigable from the City of Bath to or near Hanham's Mills, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

yovisj 6° die Martii;

Anno io* Annse Regina, 1711.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees during the Minority of WriothejlyDuke of Bedford, and of the Lord John Russell, his Brother, to grant Leases of the Estate of the said Duke, and Sets for getting Copper, and other Ore and Minerals, therein; and for rendering valid and effectual several such Grants, or Sets, already made; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Farrer, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Mount ague, Sir Pat. Johnson, Mr. Bulled, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Berners, Mr. Foley, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Richard Hoare, Sir Cha. Turner, Si r James Etheridge, Mr. Mr. Rowney, Mr.

Bromley, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Vincent, Sir T/10. Potcell, Mr. Rudge, the Earl of Hertford, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Wyld, Mr. IJarpur, Sir Wm. Pole, Sir David Dalrymple, Sir Tho. Johnson, Sir Mountague,

Sir Tho. Cave, Sir Robert Eden, Captain Burgh, Mr. llarcourt, Mr. Pitt, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Chapman,

Sir Geo. Mathews, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Quick, Mr. Orchard,; and all that serve for the Counties of Northampton, Huntingdon, Devon, Middlesex, Bucks, Hertford, Dorset, Bedford, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, That Mr. Ryley, One of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Hides and Skins, Vellom and Parchment, attended j

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, and by her Majesty’s Command, Estimate of the gross and net Produce of Stock in Hand, in London and Country, the 24th of June 1711; and growing Duty, from 24th of June 1711 to the 17th of Febntary following, in London; and from the said 24th of June 1711 to about the 27th of January following, in the Country; exclusive of the Duties upon Hides, fife, imported; and the Produce of these Duties within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

And then he withdrew.

The Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Duties on Hides, fife.

ESTIM ATE of the gross and net Produce of Stock in Hand, in London and Country, the 24th June 1711; and growing Duty, from 24th 1711 to the 17th of February following, in London; and from said 24th June 1711 to about the 27th January following, in the Country; exclusive of the Duties upon Hides, fife, imported; and of the Produce of these Duties within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; viz,

15

Total Stock - - 15,789 12 8$-

Gross Produce of growing Duty in London- - - - 6,017 6 2*

D* - - in Country - 48,067 4 4

Total growing Duty - - 54,084 10 5I

Total gross Produce of Stock and growing Duty - - - - 69,874 3 3

19

>9

Sum

Net Produce -

61

Discount allowed on prompt Payment of Stock in Hand - - - 331

Exports and Allowances - - 269

Extraordinary Charges at the Commencement of these Duties; for Stamps, fitting up the Office, and taking Stock in Hand ... 1,487 12 6

Advanced to Officers for Salaries, above their Proportion, to this Time; which will be abated in the subsequent Rounds -

- 1,191 *7 4t

- 3,281 8 5

- 16,027 M 9*

- 5°> — -i

£ 69,874 3 3

The Charges of Management in future will be about £.26,000 per Annum.

Note, This Duty was voted in March, but did not commence until the 24th June following; during which Interval, all that could be was wrought into Wares, those not being chargeable with any Part of the Duty: and the Stock in Hand being, by the Act for granting the said Duties, charged with Half only; the Produce on that Article is less than it otherwise would have been by the Su n of£.15,789; and by the made Wares, wrought up in the Three Months, as above, and not charged with Duty, at lead the Suin of £.20,000: The Officers of Excise were made use of to affiit in taking Stock in Hand; the several Duties already under their Care rendering it impracticable to concern them any further without great Loss, and running the greater Revenues into Confusion: And as for the Duty on Houses, we found that Revenue, the last Year, in so unsettled a Condition, that those Officers could not be applied to the Duty upon Hides upon its first Establishment; but most of them are now instructed; and several of them employed, in making Surveys: And we hope, after a Settlement of the said Duty on Houses, and One Year’s View of the Duty on Hides, Sic. we may be able to Ieffen the said Charge of Management considerably.

Phil. Ryley,

Office for Hides, fife.

6 th March 1711. W.Walbank,

Roger Millart,

J. Isham.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed. That Mr. Tilfon, from the Treasury, attended;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, and by her Majesty’s Command, an Account of the Charge of the Execution of the Lottery Act, passed in the last Session; and of the Management thereof for the future.

And being withdrawn;

The

Lottery.

io Ann. 6° Martii.

127

The Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

An Account of the Charge of the Execution of the Lottery Acts, passed the last Session; and of the Management thereof for the future.

Paid Christopher Rhodes, Secretary to the Managers and Directors as well of the Lottery of £.1,500,000, as of the Adventure of Two Millions, Anno 1711, for and towards defraying the incident Expences attending the Execution of the said Acts, under the said Managers and Directors; viz.

On an Order dated the 7th £. s. d.

July 1711 - - - 500 o o

On an Order, dated the 27th September 1711 - - 1,500 o o

On an Order, dated the 15th December 1711 - - 1,000 00 £. s. d.

----- ----- ---3,000 o o

Paid or allowed the Receivers of the . Money contributed to the Lottery for £.1,500,000; to wit, Thomas Joshua Odams, William Stubs, and Conrade d'Gofs s in full for their own Pains, Service, and Expences therein ... 1,147 5 1

The Tickets or Receipts at first given out to the Contributors on the Act for the Two million Adventure are to be taken in, and exchanged for Handing Orders, as the Act directs: And the Charge of Parchment,

Printing, Clerkship, and other Incidents, about this Business; the said Orders being 20,000 in Number, may be estimated at 4,500 o o The Tickets given out in the Lottery for £.1,500,000 are also to be taken in, and exchanged for standing Orders: And, when that Business comes to be performed, the Charge of doing thereof may be estimated equal to the Charge of performing the like Business in the Two million Adventure - - 2,c0o

The Business of adjusting the Properties 0 0 to the Benefit Tickets in the Lottery for £.1,500,000 which were 25,000 in Number, does subsist, by virtue of the Act, till the 19th Daj' of March instant: And the per-fefting thereof, which cannot be without a further Enlargement of Time, and defraying all further Charges before the Managers and Directors of the said Lottery, may amount to about - Laoo 0 o

Io>347 5 1 Memorandum :The Lord Treasurer hath Power to make such Allowance to the Receivers of the Contributions on the Act for the Two million Adventure, for their Service, Pains, and Expences, as he shall think reasonable; so as the said Allowance do not, in any case, exceed OnePeny in the Pound upon the Monies only, which the said Receivers fii all have actually paid into the Exchequer; which Allowance, as to the said Receivers, is not yet determined.

The Rewards also to the Managers and Directors of the said Adventure, for their Service and Pains, which the Lord Treasurer hath Power, by the respective Acts, to make in such Manner as he shall think reasonable, are not yet settled or adjusted.

The Lord Treasurer at present has only appointed the Officers for performing the Business of the Two million Adventure in the Exchequer; to wit, William Fytche, Esquire, to register the standing Orders, andcomptrol the Pay-Vol. 17-

ments; and Charles Blunt Esquire, to £. s. d. be the Paymaker; each at the Salary of £.500 per Annum, for himself and Clerks; in both - 1,000 o o

Like Officers to be appointed for the registering, comptrolling, and paying, the Orders, which are to be giveu in Exchange for the Tickets in the Lot-of £.1,500,000; which, at like Salaries, makes ..... 1,000 o o

£.2,000 o o

This Account is made in Obedience to an Order of this honourable House, dated the 3d Instant; and humbly presented by,

6 March 17H. CMf' TUfm*

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir William Withers presented to the House, accord- Law* ingto Order, a Bill for repealing a Clause in the Sta- respecting tute, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James Bantr"pt*‘ the First, which makes Descriptions of Bankrupts: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to explain an Act, made in the Seventh Year of Pake’s Debt her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to impower the 10 the Crow"-Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with the Sureties of Samuel Pacey, deceased, late Receiver-General for the County of Suffolk; so far as it relates to Joseph Pake,

One of the said Sureties; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for regulating, improving, and encouraging, Woollen the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad Manufacture Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor em- piMhedley ployed therein; was read a Second time. ot ‘

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Berkley,

Mr. Mount ague. Sir Roger Bruidjhaigh, Sir Nic. Morice,

Mr. Annesley, Mr. Aldicorth, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Blanch,

Mr. Bagott, Mr. Bracebridge, SirTho. Powell, Mr. Con-

yers, Lord Cajllecomber, Mr. Lewen, Mr. Bulled, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. Sir'

Simeon Stuart, Mr. Peyton, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Fer-rier, Mr. Lampion, Mr. Masters, Mr. Bathurst, Sir Wm.

Pole, Colonel Morton, Lord Downe, Sir William ff*ynd-ham, Sir Tho. Wroth, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Palmer, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Finch, Colonel Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Lewis, Sir Robert Mr.

Harcourt, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Bertie, Sir Wm. Withers,

Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Hampden, Lord Wm. Powlett, Sir John Thorold, Lord Lyon; and all that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Somerset, Worcester, Wilts, Devon, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Clothiers, and Persons employed in the Woollen Manufacture, at Froom?, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Somerset, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Medley and Mixture Clothiers of England; and also. That the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen and Bnrgeffes, of the ancient Corporation of Westbury, as also of the Clothiers of the Town and Hundred of Westbury, and Places adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and of the Medley or Mixture Clothiers of England; relating to the Bill for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the WoollenManufactureofMixedor Medley Broad Cloth; and for the better Payment of the

Poor

L«ave of Absence*

Fifty n«w Churches

King's Lynn Llettion.

(’.ill of the House.

128 6° — 70 Martii. . 1711.

Poor employed therein; be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That Sir William have Leave to

go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Bill for enlarging the Time given to the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an Act, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties on Coals, for building of Fifty new Churches, in and about the Cities of London and Wand Suburbs thereof; and other Purposes therein mentioned; attd also for giving the said Commissioners farther Powers for better effecting the Purposes in the said Act Mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Merits of the Petition of the Freemen dnd Free Burghers of the Borough of King’s Lynn, in the County of Ndrfolk;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Counsel be called in;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

127.

forth.

J*.,

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Writ for electing a Burgess for the said Burgh, in the room of Robert Walpole Esquire, expelled this House; and also the Sheriff of Norfolk's Precept thereupon; and the Indenture of the Return, between the said Sheriff, and the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough; were read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Robert Walpole Esquire, having been, this Session of Parliament, committed a Prisoner to the Toioer of London, and expelled this House, for an high

Breach of Trust in the Execution of his Office, and notorious Corruption, when Secretary at War, was, and is, incapable of being elected a Membei to serve in this present Parliament;

The House divided.

Hie Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Yeas,|^£ SvrighIJbn:

Tellers for the Noes.^ )'<*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Samuel Taylor, Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Bo-. rough of King’s Lynn, in the County of Norfolk;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the late Election fora Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, is a void Election.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the eUfting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of King’s Lynn, in the County of

Norfolk. in the room of Robert Walpole, Esquire; who is adjudged incapable of being elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament; and the Election for the said Borough declared void.

A

a.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

The Names of the Defaulters, upon calling over the I louse on Thursday la.lt, were called over; and they were . severally excuftd, cither upon Account of their being i

II

in the Country, or in and about the Town, or being absent upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committal

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

V tneris, y° die Martii;

Anno io# Ann® Regina;, 1711.

Praters.

SIR William Hardress presented to the House, accord- Deal CtupeL ing to Order, a Bill for completing a Chapel of Ease in the Town of Deal, in the County of , by a Duty on water-borne Coals to be brought to the said Town:

And the same was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Popham have Leave to go into the Lenve of Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occa* Abfr.ac«. fions.

Ordered, That Mr. Rede have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks,- upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrard have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, to oblige Inf ! .»nt their Creditors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they Debt,r*-are capable of making, and to restore to them their Liberty, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir If m.

Pole, Mr. Aldworth, Sir Robert Davers, Mr.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr. Serjeant Richardson, Mr.

Murray, Sir Fra. Warr, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. North,

Captain Dyott, Sir Hum. Mackxvorth, Mr. , Mr. Pawlett, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Cotton, Mr.

Annejley, Mr. Lmollier, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Berkley, Sir Robert JenkinJbn, Mr. Freman, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gen/,

Mr. Price, Mr. Fox, Mr. Ward, Sir Nic. Morice, Mr.

Robinson, Mr. Manley, Mr. Pocklingt Mr. Gale, Mr. Quick, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Whitaker, Sir Ric. Farrington,

Sir Win. Withers, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir Robert Eden,

Mr. Erie, and all that serve for the Counties of Devon and Middlesex, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit in a Morning.

Ordered, That the said Committee, to whom the Bill Mindful for prolonging the Term for Payment of certain Duties llarL"Jur-granted by an Act, in the 12th and 13th Years of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, is committed, have Leave to fit in a Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

A Petition of several Merchants and Brafiers, in be- M.mtifactor: half of themselves, and many others, Importers of Brass, °[ c'°PP*r under the Denomination of Battery, Black Lattin, Lat- re‘ tin Wire, and Metal prepared, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed, by the Votes of this honourable House, that several Merchants of Bristol and London have petitioned to be relieved against the Drawbacks of the above-mentioned Goods which shall be exported to the Plantations; and of Allowances at the Custom-house upon entering thereof from Holland: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Petition, and to be relieved.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the Petition of Abraham Elton, Benjamin Coole, and Lloyd, Merchants in Bristol, and John Hichcockand S/torey,

auj

11 Ann. 7* — 10° Martii.

and James Knight, Merchants in London, oh behalf of

themselves, and all the several Manufacturers in Copper Ore, Lapis Calaminaris, wrought Brass, Battery, &c. within the Kingdom of Great is referred.

American Resolved, That this House will, upon

Tnzt Goods. Mc>rning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of the Merchants importing Prize Goods from America.

Pumdiing The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a DeferUoiu Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mutters; and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Manley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Manley reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Felloives, and

Mr. Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

I^ird Aimes- The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for ley's Eftau. making the Exemplification of the Settlement made upon the Marriage of James Lord with the

Lady Elizabeth Manners, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, Evidence, on Hearings in Equity, and Tryals at Law: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Lotvndes, from the Commiriioriers of the Customs, Duties on

presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Leather; Majesty, and by her Majesty’s Commands, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on Leather,

Hides, and Skins, imported, from the Commencement of the Act, as far as it is capable of being made.

And the l itle of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

An ACCOUNT of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on Leather, Hides, and Skins, imported, from the Commencement of the Act, as far as it is capable of being made; viz.

' Gross Produce re ceived by the Collectors. Net Produce paid by them to the Receiver General.

London, to ill March £. s. d. £. s. d.

17+I Out Ports, to Christ- ’>775 4 3 x,774 10 10

mas 17 n - 125 17 81 2 it 1

I i,9°i 1 11? 1,777 8 11

N. B. Since Christmas, is come to the Receiver General's Hands, from the Out Ports, £. 4 10s. o\d.-, but Accounts of the gross Produce are not yet come up from the Collectors.

Robert Paul, per Comptroller General.

7 March 174-j-.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

S«pjtly. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr, Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Luna, 10° die M;

Anno ii# Ann* Regins, 1711.

Praters.

ORDERED, That the Thanks of this House be

Dr. Newton

given to Doctor Newton, Principal of Hart-hall in thanked, the University of Oxford, for the Sermon by him preached before this House, on Saturday last, at St.

Margaret's, Westminster-, And that he be desired to print the fame: And that Sir William and

Mr. Rowney, do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who Col. Rice’* were to consider of the Report of the Commissioners application of appointed by her Majesty to examine how, to whom, Dfcbentures* and for what. Colonel John Rice disposed of Eleven thousand Four hundred and Twenty Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence in Army Debentures; and to whom the Petition of Anne Trant, Widow; was referred; be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning.

Bullion Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do xportMl. lay before this House an Account of what Bullion has been entered at the Office of the Customs, to be exported to Holland and Flanders, during this War; and what Seizures have been made, by any of their Officers, of Bullion not entered.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Conyers have Leave to make a Absence. Motion, it being after One a Clock.

And he moved accordingly, That Mr. Lutioich have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Lulwich have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Leave to A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

make a Mo- That Sir William Whitlocke have Leave to make a Mon\ Motion;

It passed in the Negative.

Vol. 17.

Mr Bertiereported from the Committee, to whom the stmmore Bill for repairing the Highway between a certain Place Road*, called Five Mile Stone, and the Town of Stanmore Magna. in the County of Middlesex, was committed, That they bad made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed untobythe House,

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for appointing a Place where the Trustees shall meet.

And the same was twice read j with Blanks: Which were filled up.

Then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That all Monies subscribed, and payable to any Person,

L1 ’ upon

Leave of Absence.

Minehead

Harbour.

Call of the House.

Privilege.

Ways and Means,

Pake s Debt to the Crown.

130 IO* — II0

upon the Patting of the Act, should be applied by the Trustees towards amending the Highway by the Act intended to be repaired:

And the Claute was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That Mr. Lechmere have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinaryOccafions

Ordered, That Sir Isaac Rebow have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for prolonging the Term for Payment of certain Duties granted by an Act, in the 12th and 13th Years of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, is committed, have Power to receive a Clause, That the Goods flapped or discharged within the Liberties of the Harbour of the Quay of Wat chet, may pay the same Duties as if they were discharged within the Quay of IValchet.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon day Fortnight: And that such Members as shall not then attend the Service of the House, whose Excuses shall not be allowed, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Complaint being made to the House of a printed Paper, delivered at the Door, reflecting upon Arthur Moore Eftjuire, a Member of this House, intituled, " The same of John Sandes Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and Elizabeth their Daughter, relating to their " Petition against Arthur Moore Esquire;"

The said printed Paper was brought up to the Table, and read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to inquire who is the Author and Printer, and are the Publishers, of the said printed Paper; and report the fame, with their Opinion there, in, to the House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House to considerofWaysand Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolulions; which they have directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain an Act, made in Seventh Y'ear of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to impowerthe Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with the Sureties of Samuel Pacey, deceased, late Receiver General for the County of Suffolk; so far as it relates to J(feph Fake, One of the said Sureties.

Martii. A. 1711.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Supply, the whole House, who were to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Loiother, Mr. Shadceriey, Mr- Manufiiftwe Ward, Mr. Hcyfham, Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. Ferrier, be ore.°PI>er added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of ham Ellon, Benjamin Coole, and Edioard Lloyd, Merchants in Bristol, and John Hichcock, John Shoiy, and James Knight, Merchants in London, in behalf of themselves, and all the several Manufacturers in Copper Ore, ns Calaminaris, wrought Brass, Battery, Sc. within Kingdom of Great Britain, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 11° die Martii;

Anno u° Annae Reginte, 1711.

Praters.

A BILL for repealing a Clause in the Statute Laws remade in the First Year of the Reign of King fretting JamestheFirft, which makes Descriptions of Bankrupts, BankruPts-was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Goulfon, Mr. Mead, Sir Robert Dr.

Pajk, Mr . Med/ycott, Sir Richard II010, Mr. Goddard,

Colonel Cafs, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. Sir

Fra.Warr, Sir Justin. IJkam, Sir Geo. New land, Mr.

Churchill, Mr. Lezven, Mr. Serjeant Richardson, Mr. Effington. Sir Tho.Cave, Mr. Hey/liam, Mr. A if able, Mr.

Duncomb, Sir John Parsons, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. England, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Earle, Mr. Berners, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Renda, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Ward, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr.

Vincent, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Stonehouse, M r. Smith,

Mr. Robinson, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Berkeley, Mr.

Pytt, Mr. Sheppard, Sir Ja. Bateman, Mr. Newland, Sir Fra. Child, Mr. Eversfeld, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr.

Foley; and all that serve for the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And they have Leave to fit in a Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act LordAnneffor making the tExemplification of the Settlement made le-v Estate* upon the Marriage of James Lord Annefey with the Lady Elizabeth Manners, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, Evidence, on Hearings in Equity, and Tryals at I.aw, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Annefey, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Smith, Mr. PriJ'e, Mr. Renda, Mr. Levi nz, Sir Wm.Withers, Sir Tho. Hanmere, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Heysham,

Lord Lyon, Mr. Sheppeard, Captain Chapman, Mr.

Pytts, Mr. Byngham, Mr. Robartes, Sir Hoar,

Sir Geo. Newland, Mr. Smith, Mr. Eversfeld, Mr. Dun-

comb, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Sir

John Mordaunt, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cholmondley,

Mr. Tilney, Mr. Goulfon, Mr. Ward, Mr. Farrier, Mr.

Aifabie, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. General

Rosse, Mr. Newland, Mr. Murray, Mr. Palmes, Sir Vincent, Mr. Freman, Sir Richard Ilozoe, Sir Roger Mof-lyn, Dr. Pajke, Mr. Pitts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Burgesses, Churchwardens, and other chieflnhabitants, of the City and Liberty of Westminster. Small Debt*.

was

11 Ann. i i° Mar. 13 x

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Numbers of indigent Tradesmen, and other poor Persons, within the said City and Liberty, are often arrested, and carried to Prison, for inconsiderable Debts, and there perish for want of the Necessaries of Life: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for to erect a Court of Conscience for determining fmal! Debts there; which may, in some measure, ease the Mischiefs complained of.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Medlycoltand Mr. Crojj'e do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

African A Petition of the Planters and Inhabitants of her Ma-Trade. jesty’s Island and Colony of Nevis was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That the conllant Supply of Negroes at moderate Rates is the main Support of that llland, and enables them to preserve the Staple of Sugars, and other Commodities, and afford them cheaper than other Nations: That they have not, both by the Company, and separate Traders, of late Years, been supplied with a sufficient Number of Negroes; and those that they have had have been at great Prices: And praying, That the African Trade may be so settled, as the Petitioners may be supplied with Negroes at reason-ab!e Rates.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole house, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Elections — A Bill for more effectually preventing fraudulent

fraudulently Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for electing

hiultiplying j^njgilts of Shires to serve in Parliament, was read a Nous. c 6 ,

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to receive a Clause to extend the said Bill to such Cities and Boroughs where Freeholders of Forty Shillings per Annum vote in the Elections of their Members to serve in Parliament.

C rowth of The Earl of Hertford presented to the House, accord-

Popery. ing to Order, a Bill to hinder the further Growth of Popery, by more effectually preventing the foreign Education of Children of Popish Parents, and enforcing the Laws against Popery: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ways Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the and Means. Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted toher Majesty, the Resolul ions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty be laid upon all Silks, Callicoes. Linens, and Stuffs, of what Kind soever, which shall be printed, flaiued, or painted, in Great; except Stuffs

made of Woollen, or whereof the greatest Part in Value shall be Woollen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all Silks so to be printed, stained, or painted, be after the Rate of Six Pence for every Yard in Length, reckoning Half a Yard for the Breadth; and in that Proportion /or wider or narrower Silks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty on Callicoes to be so printed, stained, or painted, be after the Rate of Four Pence for every

V«t. 17.

Yard in Length, reckoning a Yard wide; and in that Proportion.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duly upon all other Linen, and Stuffs, except before excepted, to be so printed, painted, or stained, be after the Rate of 2d. for every Yard in Length; and in that Proportion for greater or leller Quantities.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duties be granted for the Term of Thirty-two Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That One Half of the said Rates be charged upon any Stock of the said Commodities, now in the Hands of Drapers, or other Traders for Sale, either by Wholesale Or Retail.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty be laid on all Bricks, Tiles, Slate, and Lime, made within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or brought into the fame; whether the said Bricks, Tiles, and Lime, be made or brought for Sale, or not for Sale.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty be laid on all Stones which shall be brought within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, to be used in Building or Paving.

fiefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty be after the Rate of Three Shillings per Thousand upon the said Bricks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty be after the Rate of Four Shillings per Thousand upon the plain Tiles.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty be after the Rate of Two Shillings per Quarter upon the said Lime.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty be after the Rate of Six Shillings per Thousand upon all Pan Tiles, Ridge Tiles, and Gutter Tiles.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty be after the Rate of Three Shillings per Hundred upon all Paving Tiles of Twelve Inches square; and proportionably for a greater or lesser Size.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty be after the Rate of Four Shillings per Thousand upon all Slate to be used for Covering of Houses.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty upon Stone be after the Rate of Two Shillings per Ton, as well upon the unwrought Stone to be used in Building, as upon all Stone to be used in Paving.

The First, Second, and Third, of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Fourth of the said Resolutions being, read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " 2rf." and inserting " id.

And the Question being put, That " id." stand Part of the said Resolution;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the said Duty upon all other Linen, and Stuffs, except before excepted, to be so printed, painted, or stained, be after the Rate of id. for every Yard in Length; and in that Proportion for greater or leller Quantities.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Orders of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Publication night, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole Hsufe, 01

... to

i3* iP-ti'

to consider of that Part of her Majesty’s Message to the House, the 17th of January last, which relates to the great Licence taken in publishing false and scandalous Libels.

Greenwich Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to

Hospital. whom the Bill for the collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the better Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for the further Benefit thereof; is committed; have Power to receive a Clause to prevent Merchants Ships riding at her Majesty’s Moorings.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Aijlabie took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Aijlabie reported from the Committee, That they

had made fume Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

African Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

trade. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Trade to Africa.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 12* Mar lit;.

Afart'd. A. 1711.

Shorey,«aA James Knight, Merchants in London-, in be* half of themselves, and all the several Manufactures in Copper Or e. Lapis Calaminar is, wrought Brass, Battery,

tic. within the Kingdom of Great Britain; is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochlingtonhave Leave to go into Lave of the Country for a Month, his Lady being very ill. AWente*

A Petition of the Mayor, Burge[fes, and Commonalty Avon of the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners find Clauses in the Bill depending in this House, for making the River Avon navigable from Balk to Hwhich may be confirued to interrupt the ancient Right, and encroach upon the Rights intely granted to the Petitioners: And praying, That their ancient Right of Navigation on the said River Avon, between Mills and the City of Bristol; and also the Rights and Privileges granted them by an Act, of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the late King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better preserving the Navigation of the Rivers Avon ami Froome; and cleansing, paving and enlightening, the Streets of the City of

Bristol, may be preserved to them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Avon, in the Counties of and Gloucester, navigable from the City of Bath to or near Hanham's Mills, is committed: And that the Pe-tioners be heard before the said Committee, thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

Leave of Absence.

Anno ii° Anns Regina, 1711.

Prayers.

/^R DEBED, That Sir James Long have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Webb have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

D#al Chapel. A Bill for completing a.Chapel of Ease in the Town of Deal, in the County of Kent, by a Duty on waterborne Coals, to be brought into the said Town, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

u,e The House being moved, That an Act, passed in the

ucuuee. Parliament of Scotland, in July 1690, for discharging the Yule Vacance, may be read;

The same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act: And that Mr. Carnegie and Sir Hugh Paterson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

M ami future A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Court of

oK'oppcr Assistants, of the Company of Armourersand Braziers of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of this honourable House, that several Merchants of Bristol have petitioned for a further Encouragement for Manufacturing of Brass; which, if granted, will be the Ruin of several Hundreds of Families, the present Artificers therein: And praying. That no further Discouragement may be put upon the Trade by any additional Duty; there being a Duty of <11 per Cent, on Metal prepared, and above 30 on Battery imported, already laid thereon.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Abraham Elton, Benjamin , and Edward Lloyd, Merchants in Bristol; and John Hitchcock, and John *9

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes DirdUp, ie. lying between the Town of Birdlip, and City of Glou- ttoil(1*. cester, and others inhabiting in and near the City of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have been at great Charges in repairing the Highway between Birdlip and the City of Gloucester aforesaid: That by reason of the great Debt left by the First Undertaker upon the Turnpike there, the Petitioners have received no Benefit therefrom; but the Profits thereof are wholly applied towards Payment of the said Debt: And praying, That the Turnpike may be thrown up when the said Debt is discharged, or the Petitioners be otherwise relieved.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for prolonging the Term for Payment of certain Dutie* granted by an Act, in the 12th and 13th Years of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Bo- Africa tough of Westburyunder the Plaine, in the County of Trade.

Wilts, and others trading in the YYrooIleti Manufacture in and about the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the great Employment of the Poor of that Borough is in the YY'oollen Manufacture, and the Trade to Africa, which is an Encouragement thereof, and now under the Consideration of the House: And praying, That the said Trade may not he monopolize;!; but the Benefit thereof ae-> erne to all her Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, American resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Prize Goods, upon the Bill for the Relief of the Merchants importing Prize Goods from America.

The

i33

Punishing

ftlutiny and Deleiiion.

Col. Rice's Application ei Debentures.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Stirling

FomfiaUioofcJ

s

Supply.

Committees.

11 Ann. ia° — 139

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for punidling Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mlifters; and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Manley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Manley reported from the Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who were to consider of the Report of the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty to examine how, to whom, and for what, Colonel John Rice disposed of Eleven thousand Four hundred and Twenty Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, in Army Debentures; and to whom the Petition of Anne Trant Widow, was referred; be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Martii.

jfovis, 130 die Martii;

Anno ii* Annas Regin®, 1711.

Prayers.

)RDE RED, That the Committee, to whom the Bill Wooilen for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Mamfjflure Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Pooremployed therein; is committed; have Leave to fit in a Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for erecting a Workhouse in the Norwich City and County of the City of Norwich, for the better Workhouse. employing and maintaining the Poor there, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the City and County of the City o i Norwich, for the better employing

and maintaining the Poor there.

Ordered, That Mr. Ferrierdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they

bad come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w’hole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Motion being made* and the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That flie will be pleased to direct the proper Officer to lay before this House an Estimate of the Charges necessary lor finiffiing the Fortifications of the Calile of Stirling;

The l loufe divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ^\/0^An&_"ther’

Cuningham

Tellers fer the Noes, j Hr'

’ (Mr

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

3

3

3°-

22.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole Hotife, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, which was ordered to be received this Morning, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. 17.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the Answer to House, That their Address, of the Fourth Instant, had Address. been presented to her Majesty, humbly to beseech her Majesty, That it may be represented to his Imperial Majesty, that from and after the 25th of March 1712, her Majesty will look upon herself obliged to contribute no more to the Expence of carrying on the War in Spain, than One Third off our millions of Crowns, proposed by Prince Eugene of Savoy for the Charge of that Part of the War; and that her Majesty had been pleased to comply with the Desires of this House thereupon.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Minehead prolonging the Term for Payment of certain Duties Harbour, granted by an Act, in the 12th and 13th Years of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour* of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of t his Kingdom, is committed, have Leave to receive a Clnufe to provide. That a Lanthorn be set at the Head of Minehead Pier.

A Petition of Nicholas Martin, Edward Sir Fifty new

Richard Holford, James Wittewrong, Sir Churches.

Edward Griffin, Henry Penton, Eldred Lancelott Lee,

Peter Warburton, Edmund Bn/dges, Patrick Crawford,

Fleetwood Dormer, Thomas Lee, W

Eger ton, William Fclloues, Francis Gilbert

Horfman, John Hiccocks, and Joseph Benchers of

the Society of Lincoln’s Inn, on behalf of themselves, and the other Gentlemen of the same Society, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Feoffment dated the 19th of June 16 57, One Moiety of the greatSquare called Lincoln's June Fields, next to Inne Gar den, was conveyed to the then Benchers of coln's Line; to the Intent the said Fields adjoining to the said Garden on the Weit-fide might be kept open, to prevent the (lopping the Air, or hindering the Prospect, there; and the same hath been ever since kept free and open accordingly; That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is passing in this House for the erecting a Church there, which may be prejudicial to the Interest of the said Society; And praying Leave to lay before the House the Deeds and Writings manifesting their Interest in the said Fields, and also the great Prejudice which may ensue by ereEling any Building on the said Soil.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Time given to the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an Act, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties on Coals, for Building of Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and , and

Suburbs thereof, and other Purposes therein mentioned;

Mm and

Avon

Navigation.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto*

*34

and also for giving the said Commissioners farther Powers for better efteriing the Purposes in the said Act mention; is committed.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the County of Somerset, living near the River Avon, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the making the River Avon navigable, from the City of

Bath to Hanham's Mills, will be a great Prejudice to all Parts of the Country near the Bath, by bringing of Corn, and other Commodities, from and other Parts,

where the Value of Lands are low: That the Petitioners apprehend there is not Care taken in the Bill depending in this House for that Purpose, to secure the Owners of Lands, Weirs, and Mills, lying on the said River, from the Damages and Trespasses they may sustain by making the said River navigable: And praying to be heard, against the said Bill, or such Clause be added as may be necessary to secure them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester, navigable, from the City of Bath to or

near Hanham's Mills, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Couufel, if they think fit, before the Committee, thereupon.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Lease-holders. Copyholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the making the River Avon navigable will be a Prejudice to the Petitioners, and other Inhabitants of that County, and a publick Detriment, by hindering the Poors Employment by Land Carriage; by losing the Profits of their Cattle’s Labour therein; by lessening the Consumption of the Product of their lands; and by diminifiting their Agriculture, and the yearly Value of their Lands; which the Petitioners submit to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Avon, in the Counties of and

Gloucester, navigable, from the City of Bath to or near Hanham's Mills, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, if they think fit, before the Committee, thereupon.

Another Petition of Gentlemen, Freeholders, Lease-holders. Copyholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the making the River Avon navigable will be a Prejudice to the Petitioners, and other Inhabitants of that County, and a publick Detriment, by hindering the Poors Employment by Land Carriage; by losing the Profits of their Cattles Labour therein; . by lessening the Consumption of the Product of their Lands; and bydiminiiliing their Agriculture, and the yearly Value of their Lands; which the Petitioners fub-mit to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Avon, in the Counties of and

Gloucester, navigable, from the City of Bath to or near Hanham's Mills, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Couufel, if they think fit, before the Committee, thereupon.

Another Petition of Gentlemen, Freeholders, Lease-holders, Copyholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the making the River Avon navigable will be a Prejudice to the Petitioners, and other Inhabitants of that County, and a publick Detriment, by hindering the Poors Employment by Land Carriage; by losing the Profits of their Cattles Labour therein; by lefl'tning the Consumption of the Product of their-Ladds; and by ditninishing their Agriculture, and the 21

130 Marti:.

A. 17 ii.

yearly Value of their Lands; which the Petitioners submit to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester, navigable, from the City of Bath to or near Hanham's Mills, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, if they think fit,-before the Committee, thereupon.

Ordered, That Mr. Page have Leave to go into the *.*aveof Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.- fence'

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving and continuing several J‘

Laws which areexpired, or expiring, is committed, That they do save to the County of Devon the Benefit of the Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for ratifying several Purchases lately made with the publick Stock of the County of Devon: and for making farther Purchases, for tlieUfe of the said Couniy, with the publick Stock thereof; and also for regulating, and better Employment of, the publick Stock of the said County.

The House being moved, That Two Acts, passed in the Church

Parliament of Scotland ----- Act concerning Patronages, 1>r^k""ti0rl

in July 1690 ----- -Act for Encouragement of Preachers m co <uw‘

at vacant Churches be-north Forth, in July 1695 .

The same were read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to restore the Patrons to their ancient Rights of prefonting Ministers to the Churches vacant in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And a Motion being made, and the Qucliion being put, That the Debate be adjourned;.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

Tellers for the Noes, j JJj; M

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill td restore the Patrons to their ancient Rights of preferring Ministers to the Churches vacant in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that Mr. Murray, Mr. Mackenzie, and Mr. Carnegie, do prepare and bring in, the fame.

82.

59»

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Supply Committee, who were to consider farther of the Supply granted toher Majesty, the Resolutionstheyhad directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read ;and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That theSum of One hundred Ninety-six thousand Four hundred Fifty-two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten Pence be granted to her Majesty, for her Majesty’s Proportion of the Pay, Subsidy, and other Charges, for carrying on the War in Portugal, for the Year 1712. -Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Eleven thousand Nine hundred Eighty-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of her Majesty’s Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 171a.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for carrying on and finishing the Fortifications of Edinburgh Castle.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Six hundred and Twenty Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for the carrying on and finilliing the Fortifications of Fort William.

Rc/olved,

Anstruther,

See.

Election.

i Ann. . 13° Martii.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Eight Pounds Six Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to her Majesty, for the carrying on and finishing the For* tifications of Dunbarton Castle.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon; agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Freman reported from the Committee of Privi-

leges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Boroughs of Anstruther Easter, Anstruther Wester, Creall, and Kil

renity, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Report and Resolution were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Major-General George Hamilton, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir John Anjlruther Baronet, to serve for the Burghs of Pittemceem, Anstruther Anjlru-

ther Wester, Creall, and Kilrennie:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Five’Commissioners for the D drift: of Burghs aforesaid.

That the Commissioners for Creall and voted for the Petitioner; the Commissioners for ther Easter, and Anjlruther IVvoted for the fitting Member.

That the Questions were, Whether Mr. Wm. Watson, who voted for the Petitioner; or Mr. Wm. Bell, who voted for the fitting Member, was the legal Commissioner for the Burgh of Pitfenweem; and whether the Commissioner for Anjlruther Wester had a good Vote: That the Town Counsel of Pittenweem who elected the Commissioner for that Burgh, confided of 16; Seven of which voted for Mr. Watson, and the other Nine for Mr. Bell.

That the Petitioner's Counftl objected against Patrick Mertoun, Robert Alexander, and William -Jon, Three of the Voters for Mr. Bell.

And they also objected against Mr. Bell himself; and produced a Protect made against him, and his Voters, at the Election of the Commissioner for Pittemceem, the 20th of October 1710, by Sir Alexander and

offered to call Witnesses to the Fasts alleged in that Protect:

But that was not admitted, nor the Protect read at the Committee; in regard it did not appear. That Sir Alexander Areskine had any Right to vote, protect, or be present at that Election:

That it appeared by the Minutes of the Election to Parliament, which was at Pittemceem, the 27th Day of October 1710, That the Laird of Bellfour, Commissioner for Killrenny, then protested, and adhered to his Pro-

teds, as follow; viz.

id, That Mr. Bell could have noVote in choosing a Representative for these Burghs, to the ensuing' Parliament, in regard there was, at the pretended Election of him to be Elector for Pittemceem, a valid Protefiation taken against him, that he could neither elect, nor be elected; and further, in regard there was likewise valid Protedations taken against the Plurality of his Voters; whereupon he took instruments: And, id, That John Lyell, the Commissioner for Anjlruther Wester, could have noVote in this Election; be-enufe, before he, or any of the present Bailies of Anstruther Wester, would accept of their Offices, my Lord Anjlruther did promise to pay, either the "Whole, or a good Part, of the Debt of the Town, providing the y voted for his Son Sir John, at the ensuing Elections; and so they have no free Vote:

Lyell protested the contrary, and adhered to hi«; Protest.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel called,

Vol. 17.

Mr. Johh Pittulock:Who said, That some Days before the Election, Mr. Lyell told him. He was elected Commissioner for Anstruther Wester, upon Condition that he would vote for the Lord Son; and

that the Lord Anjlruther had promised to pay the Town Debt, if they chose One that voted for his Son; but the Witness said, He did not know, nor hear from Lyell, that any Money was paid.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel infilled.

That, by the 6th Act of the 9th Session of King William's First Parliament, Anno 1701, for preventing wrongous imprisonment, the Pains for such Iropri-foument are; Forfeiture of a sum of Money, Lois of Office, and Incapacity of publick Trust:

And they produced an Extract from the Books of the Lords of Council and Session at Edinburgh, whereby it appears, That an action was commenced, and Summons raised there, and an Act, and Letters of Diligence, for adducing Witnesses, in order to prove her Allea-geance, were obtained by Jannett Horseburgh against , the said William Bell, for wrongous Imprisonment of her forae Years ago, upon the alleged Crime of Witchcraft; and that the said William depending the said Action, did, by a Declaration in Writing, under his Hand, dated the 14 th Day of January 1710, attested by Two Witnesses, and registered in the said Books, the 22d Day of January 1712, acknowledge the said wrongous Imprisonment, and made her Satisfaction for the fame.

And the Petitioner’s Counsel infilled;

That the said Declaration, or Acknowledgment, bpj ing registered as aforesaid, did amount to a Conviction of the said Offence; and that, therefore, the said William Bell was incapable of being a Commissioner to vote in this Election.

That the Sitting Member’s Counsel infilled.

That the Petitioner had not invalidated this Election; nor any of the Voters:

That Balfow's Protect, against Bell, being in general Terms only, is illegal and void:

That Bell's Commission to vote is not an Office within the Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment:

That the Disability upon this Act incurs only upon-a legal Conviction, for wrongously detaining in Prison after Liberation; and that the Action and Process pre-ferive, if not pursued within Three Years after the last Day of the Imprisonment.

They also infilled upon the Act of Pardon pa fled since the said Imprisonment: And that the Commissionr to Mr. Bell, being under the Common Seal, and signed by the Bailies and Clerk of the Burgh of,

was the only, legal Commission for that Burgh.

That it appeared by the Minutes of the Election*, That the Commissioner for Anjlruther Easter protested, that .\Ir. Watson's Commission, subscribed by fume of the Counsellors of Pittenweem, was not according ta the Plan appointed by Law; wanting both the Subscription of the Town Clerk, and Seal of the said Burgh; and that the Subscribers thereof should be liable to the Penalties contained in the Acts of Burrows., That the Petitioner’s Counsel infilled, That Mr. Watson was elected by Majority of good Votes, and waa therefore the legal Commissioner; and that the Seal, or Town Clerk’s Eland, is not uecessary to the Commission.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee

came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir John Anjlruther Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Burghs of Pittenweem, Anjlruther Eajicr, Anjlruther

Creall, and Killrenny, in the County of Fife.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers

Coventry

Elo&ion.

Edinburgh

Eiedion.

136 13 MartiuAinu.

Telter.fcr^Y^j^"T,0"* } «i7.

Tellers for the ] 100.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Freman reported from the Committee of Privi-

leges and Elections, the Matter as it appeared to them, upon the Petition of William Treene senior, Joseph Mayo senior, Joseph Mayo junior, William and

James Mayo, in behalf of themselves, and others, Members of the Company of Fullers, and Freemen; and of Ralph Whitehead, Thomas Clerk, Richard Henry

Clarke and Thomas Craner, in behalfof themselves, and many Scores ofother Freemen of the City of;

and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report and Resolutions were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of William Treene senior, Joseph Mayo senior, Joseph May junior, Wm. Pilkington, and James Mayo, in behalf of themselves, and others. Members of the Company of Fullers, and Freemen; and of Ralph Whitehead, Thomas Clarke, Richard Nicklin, Henry Clarke, and Thomas Craner, in behalf of themselves, and many Scores of other Freemen of the City o( Coventry; complaining of their

being debarred, by the Sheriffs, of their undoubted Right of voting at the Election to Parliament, the 18th of October into: And praying. That their Right in voting may be ascertained to them; and Reparation made for the Injury they have sustained, in being denied the fame:

That the Committee haveexamined the Matter of that Petition; and heard Counsel for the Petitioners, and for the late Sheriffs of Coventry, thereupon. That the Petitioners Counsel examined Witnesses; viz. John Whadcock, and Tho. Wright: Who fa id. That the Fullers Company, as appears by their Books, have been incorporated above Two hundred Years: They have two Seats in St. Michael’s Church in the City of Coventry; they pay to Church and Poor in the City, though they live out of it; have always enjoyed all Privileges which are peculiar to the Freemen of that City only; and have voted in all Elections to Parliament for 20 Years pall, and never were objected to till within Three Years last:

That several of the Fullers Company live, with their Families, in the City, and have Shops there, which none but Freemen are permitted to have; they generally live without the City, for Convfcniency of the Water used in their Trade, but were never, upon that Account, objected to, or refused any Privilege of Freemen, or denied to vote, till 1708.

That above 60 Persons at a time have often come from London, and been permitted to vote without Objection; and the Petitioners were refused by the Sheriffs at the late Election.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions»

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Members of the Company of Fullers, of the City of Coventry, being Freemen, not receiving Alms, or weekly Charity, have a Right to vote in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Freemen of the City of Coventry, as do not receive Alms, or weekly Charity, and have served Seven Years Apprenticeship within the said City, or the Suburbs thereof, have a Right to vote in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Freman reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them,

touching the Election for the City of Edinburgh, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place , and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report and Resolution were read; and are as follow, viz.

Upon the Petition of Henry Hamilton Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir Patrick Johnson to serve for the City of Edinburgh:

That the Petitioner’s Counsel infilled, That, according to the fundamental Constitution of the City of Edinburgh, the Sitting Member is incapable of fitting in this Parliament, in regard he is a Merchant, and served for the said City in the last Parliament: For that, by a Decreet Arbitral, made by Arbitrators, and confirmed by Kin g James the First, as Umpire, Anno 1583, for determining all Differences between the Merchants and Craftsmen of the said City, the Magistracy of the said City was given to the Merchants; and it was finally settled, That the Two Members to serve in Parliament for that City should always be, one a Merchant, and the other a Craftsman:

That this Decreet was registred in the Books of Coun-cil at Edinburgh; was ratified by the Parliament there; and so obtained the Force of a Law, and became the fundamental Conllitntion of that City; and, as such, was always observed till the Union of the two Kingdoms:

That, by the Union, the Rights and Privileges of the Royal Boroughs in Scotland, as they then were, are to re-

main entire after the Union, and notwithstanding thereof; and only One Member is to be sent for Edinburgh:

And, therefore, they infilled, That in regard the Merchants and Tradesmen of the said City were, before the Union, dillinftly represented, they oughtftilito be distinctly represented, by electing a Merchant, and a Tradesman, by Turns.

That the Sitting Member’s Counsel admitted the Constitution of Edinburgh before the Union was as the Petitioner’s Counsel alleged: But insisted. That by the Act of Union, the Confutations of the Royal Boroughs, as to their Elections to Parliament, are altered; and other Burghs are to elect a Commissioner in the manner then in Use: and they are to elect by Turns: But Edinburgh is excepted; and the Election there, which is to be but of One Member only, is left free, and the Voters at Liberty to choose who they please.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Patrick Johnson is duly elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the City of burgh.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Freman reported from the Committee of Privi- Chichester leges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, Election. touching the Election for the City of Chichester, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report, and Resolutions, were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Thomas Carr and John Eljon Esquires, and other Freeholders, Inhabitants and honorary Freemen of the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex, who have Right of voting for Members to represent the said City in Parliament, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir Richard Farrington and Sir John Miller Baronets, to serve for the said City:

That the Petitioners Counsel alleged, The Petitioners were surprised for want of Notice of the Election; and that neither of them, nor any on their behalf, appearing at the Election, the Mayor, without making the usual

Proclamation

P* Debt W the Crown

American Pmc Goods*

Privilege.

Committees*

Manufacture of Copper Ore.

Crown

Leaflet.

u Ann. 13* — 14® 137

Proclamation for the Voters to come in, declared there was no Poll, and returned the fitting Members, upon the Votes of Four or Five Voters only, without taking the Votes of many others; some of which were at the Election, and the rest coming to it.

And they infilled this Election is void for want of due Notice:

That the Election was upon the 3d Day of

October 1710; and the Notice of it was given upon the Friday before.

Thereupon the Committee came to thefeResolutions} Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a legal Notice was given of the Time of the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Richard Farrington Baronet, is duly elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Chichester.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir John Miller Baronet, is duly elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Chichester.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read»

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, the First Business, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain an Act, made in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to

compound with the Sureties of Samuel deceased,

late Receiver-General for the County of Suffolk; so far as it relates to Joseph Poke, One of the said Sureties.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mdm-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of the Merchants importing Prize Goods from America.

A Petition of John Sands Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and Elizabeth his Daughter, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That *

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections ;'and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the same Time the Matter of the Complaint of a printed Paper reflecting upon Mr. Moore is appointed to be heard.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, to he added to the Bill, as a Rider, That nothing therein should extend to give any Advantage iu pleading, or deriving Title, to any Rent not paid or levied within a Certain time before the Time of pleading, or deriving such Title, to the fame:

And the same was twice read, with a Blank j which was filled up t

And then the Rider was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to give farther time for inrolling such Leases, granted from the Crown, as have not been inrolled within the respective Times therein limited; and for making the Pleading of Deeds of Bargain and Sale inrolled, and of Conveyances of Fee-farm Rents, more easy.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Berhey have Leave to go into the Leav. of Country for a Month, Upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence-

An ingrossed Bill to make free the Content Gaily, a Content running Ship, taken from the French, and condemned Gaily, as Prize, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. the 1 L. the to insert " Gaily

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accord iugly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to make free the Content Gaily, a running Ship, taken from the French, and condemned as Prize.

Ordered, That Air. Sheppcard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve it- Pake’s Debt self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the to the Crown. Bill to explaiu the Act made in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, an Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Brit, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with the Sureties of Samael Pacey, deceased, late Receiver-General of the County of Suffolk; so far as it relates to Joseph Pake,

One of the said Sureties;

Ordered, That the Account of the Abilities and Circumstances of the said Joseph Pake, which was ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vmerit, 14.0 die Martii j

Anno ii* Anns Regins, 1711.

Praters.

qRDERED, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of Abraham Elton, Benjamin and

Edward Lloyd, Merchants in Bristol, and John Hitchcock, John Shorey, James Knig, Merchants in London,

in behalf of themselves, and all the several Manufacturers in Copper Ore, Lapis Calaminaris, wrought Brass, Battery, Sc. within the Kingdom of Great Britain, was referred, have Leave to fit in a Morning.

An ingrossed Bill to give farther Time for inrolling such Leases, granted from the Crown, as have not been inrolled within the respective Times therein limited, was read the Third time.

Vo 1. 17.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Commtitee, That they had directed him to move. That an humble Address be made to her Majesty, That she will be pleased to direct, That an Account may be laid before the House of the Debt of the Navy, Victualling, Transports, and Ordnance, Offices, from Christmas 1710 to 1711, for which Certificates or Debentures were to be made out, iu pursuance of the Act passed the tail

N n Session

o

Message from the Queen. — Church at Roterdam.

Address on Message.

Gotburst

Rectory.

14 — 15

Session of Parliament, for making good Deficiencies, and satisfying Publick Debts.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That the will be pleased to direct. That an Account be laid before this House of the Debt of the Navy, Victualling, Transports, and Ordnance, Offices, from Christmas 1710 to Lady -day 17 x 1, for which Certificates or Debentures were to be made out, in pursu- ance of the Act passed the last Session of Parliament, for making good Deficiencies, and satisfying Publick Debts.

Mr. Comjers also reported from the Committee, That

they had directed him to move, That an humble Address may be made to her Majesty, That file will be pleased to direct, That an Account be laid before the House of the One million Five hundred thousand Pounds granted the last Session of Parliament, for the Service of the War in Spain and Portugal.

Resolved, That an . humble Address be presented to' her Majesty, That fixe will be pleased to direct, That hn Account be laid before this House of the One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds granted the last Session of Parliament, for the Service of the War in Spain and Portugal.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That fixe will be pleased to direct. That an Estimate of the Charge of the Navy, Ordnance, Victualling, and for Transport Service, for the Year 17x1, be' laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty’s nxoft honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Secretary St.John acquainted the House, That he had a Message from her Majesty to this House, ligned by her Majesty:

And he presented the same accordingly:

And the feme was read by Mr. Speaker; and is as followeth; viz,

ANNE R.

IT having been certified to her Majesty, by the Earl of Strafford, her Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General of the United Proving ces. That the Collections for building a Church at Roterdam, wherein divine Service is celebrated after the Utage of the Church of England, for the Benefit of the Queen's Subjects in that Place, are not sufficient to complete the Charge of that Work by about Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, her Majesty thinks fit earnestly to recommend to the House the making a Provision for the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, to return her Majesty the humble Thanks of this House for her most gracious Message; wherein fixe has expressed her Concern for the building a Church at Roterdam, for the celebrating divine Service there according to the Usage of the Church of England-, and to allure her Majesty, That this House will enable her Majesty to complete the Charge of Building the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act; for ascertaining and establishing the Glebe Lands, Tythes, and other Profits, of the Rectory of Gothurf, in the County of Bucks: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Anil then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovr Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martiu 1711/

Sabbatt, 150 die Martii;

Anno 11* Annas Reginse, 1711.

Pray ers.

SIR Robert Davers, according to Order, reported Pake's Debt

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom to the Cnwo. the Bill to explain an Act, made in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to inxpower the Lord High Treasurer of Great , or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with the Sureties of Samuel Pacey, deceased, late Receiver General for the County of Suffolk; so far as it relates to Poke, one of the said Sureties; was committed; the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place $ and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe-. verally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gotbnrft for ascertaining and establishing the Glebe Land, Re^orJ-Tythes, and other Profits, of the Rectory of Golhurst, in the County of Bucks, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Boston, lee. Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Elwuons. Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln; asxd touching the Return for the Borough of in the County of Sujex; be received upon Morning

next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the ereftiixg a Newrafil* Corporation for the speedy finishing the Hospital, and uP°n Tvu* establishing, perpetuating, and managing,' of the Charity of the Skippers and Keelmen of the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, be read a Third time upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Ash presented to the House, pursuant to their Stirling Address to her Majesty, and by her Majesty’s Com- Foruticv mand, an Account of the Charge of fortifying Stirling tI00* Castle; what hath been already expended thereon; and what remains farther in the Treasurer of the Ordnance’s Hands to be laid out thereupon:

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

Office of Ordnance.

14th March 17‘rf.

An Account of the Charge of fortifying Stirling Castle; what hath been already expended thereon; and what remains further in the Treasurer of the Ordnance’s Hands to be laid out thereupon; viz.

The fortifying Stirling Castle against) ajc-/* \ an Insult - - - £23> 5~

The fortifying D° against a formal) , _

Siege - - - {73.545 4

Expended thereon, from the ill of)

July 1708 to the third of March 1710 y There was ordered to be) 0 laid out for the Year 17U5 3.4»* -Whereof was expended) ,* . _ only - - - i1’2*8 -

So remains to be laid out "1

for the Year 1712; which I 2 J2, ___

is as much as can conveui- 1 ’ J ently be done this Year J

Tho. Erie, Edw. Ashe, C, Musgrave, Newd.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole I loufe, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The

ii Ann. i5d — *’

The Orders of the Day being read; rfurch*eZ The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Uurc e*. whole House, upon the Bill for enlarging the Time given to the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an Act, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties on Coals, for building of Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof; and other Purposes therein mentioned; and also for giving the said Commissioners farther Powers for better effecting the Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Annejley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

"iAr.Annejley reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progrel’s in the Bill j and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

l«v* of Ordered, That Mr. James Sheppard have Leave to go Abieute. jnt0 the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Oc-cations.

Greenwich Resolved, That this House will, upon thisDay Seven-

Hhospital night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for the collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the better Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for the farther Benefit thereof.

Mutm'^ond The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Mrtaoiu resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mutters; and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters;

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to receive a Clause for the better supplying her Majesty’s Army with tkilful Surgeons.

Then the Houserefol veil itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Manley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Manley reported from the Committee, That they had made a fartherProgress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

LordAnnef- Ordered, That Sir Hen. Bunbury, Mr Mr.

leys Estate. Hind Cotton, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making the Exemplification of the Settlement made upon the Marriage of James Lord Annejley with the Lady Elizabeth Manners, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, Evidence on Hearings in Equity, and Tryals at Law, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 170 Martii,

Anno n8 Annae Regina;, 17 Prayers.

Woollen Ma- A/f R. Berkley reported from the Committee, to whom mfacture of JlVJL the Bill for regulating, improving, and encou-lledleyCloih raging the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; was committed; That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. Vol. 17.

8 Martii. 1 $<y

Ordered, That the bill, with Hie Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Gtoyn reported from the Committee, to whom Minehead the Bill for prolonging the Term for Payment of certain Harbour. Duties granted by an Act, made in the 12th and 13th Years of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’sTable; Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments toOne of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That nothing the rein, or in a former Act, contained, for Repairing of the Highways of Birdlipp or Top of Crickley Hills, should give Power to demand any Arrears of Sixpence in the Pound; but that the same should be discharged:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Carnegie presented to the House, according to Yale Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Parlia- Vacance. ment of Scotland, intituled, An Act for discharging the Yule Vacance: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Annejley, from the Cortimissioners for stating, Public examining, and taking, the Publick Accounts of the Account*. Kingdom, presented to the House the general State of Receipts and Issues of the Publick Revenue of Great Britain, between the Fealt of St. Michael 1710 and the Fealt of St. Michael 1711: with their Observations on some Matters of Fast that have appeared to them in the Prosecution of their Inquiries:

And the Title of the said State and Observations was read.

Ordered, That the said State and Observations do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said State and Observations are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, resolved itfelfinto a Punishing Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Mutiny mid the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Gefertiou. Musters; and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Manley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Manley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments to the fame; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Befotved, That this House will, To-inorrow Seven- American night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole p,ize Goods. House, upon the Bill for the Relief of the Merchants importing Prize Goods from America.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ways and

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Mean*, whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to hef Majesty.

Resolved,

Supply.

Insolvent

Debtors.

Duke of

Bedford's

E&ate.

Answer to Addresses.

African

Trade.

140

170 — 18° Mattii. A. 1711.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock,

Martis, 18* Martii;

Anno ii# Ann® Regina?, 17x1. Prayers.

SIR Wm. Pole reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, to oblige their Creditors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable of making, and to restore to them their Liberty, was committed. That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That no Person who should not obtain a Discharge before a certain Day should have the Benefit thereof:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the same were filled up:

Then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered \That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees, during the Minority of TVriothejley Duke of Bedford, and of the Lord John Rujel his Brother

to grant Leases of the Estateof the said Duke, and Sets for getting Copper and other Ore and Minerals therein; and for rendering valid and effectual several such Grants or Sets, already made; was committed. That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

Mr. Secretary St. John reported to the House, That their Address, of the 14 th Instant, returning her Majesty the Thanks of this House for her Majesty’s most gracious Message, relating to the completing a Church at Roterdam, had been laid before her Majesty: And also, that their Addresses, the same Day, for Accounts of the Debt of the Navy, Victualling, Transports, and Ordnance, from Christmas 1710 to Lady-day 1711; and of the One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, granted the last Session of Parliament, for the Service of the War in Spain and Portugal; and for an Estimate of the Charge of the Navy, Ordnance, Victualling, and for Transport Service, for the Year 1711; had been presented to her Majesty; and that (he had been pleased to direct the proper Officers to prepare the said Accounts, according to the Desires of this House.

Mr. Secretary St.John also acquainted the House, Th at

he was commanded byher Majesty to acquaint this House, That, pursuant to their Address of the last Session her Majesty had given Directions for taking care of the Settlements in Africa, for the Preservation of the Trade thither; which the hoped would be preferred accordingly; and that her Majesty had been pleased to direct the State of that Trade to be laid before her; which had been done by the Commissioners of Trade: And that he was commanded by her Majesty to lay before the House a Representation, and several Papers, relating the reunto:

And he presented the same to the House,

And the Titles of the said Represention, and other Papers, were read; and are as follow;

Representation from the Council of Trade concerning the Settlement of the Trade to Africa:

Copy of the Answer of the separate Traders to Africa to the Queries sent them by the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations:

Copy of some additional Proposals from the separate Traders touching the Maintenance of the African Settlements:

Copy of a Letter from the separate Traders containing an Account of their Stock, and Proposals for managing the Trade to Africa in a regulated Company:

Copy of some farther Proposals from the separate Traders to Africa relating to the Trade thither:

Copy of the Account of the Ten per Cent. Duty paid by the separate Traders for maintaining the African Settlements in Three Years of Peace, and in the Two last Years of War:

Rules and Provisions proposed by the separate Traders as necessary for the better carrying on, improving, and increasing, the Trade to Africa:

Names of Fifty-six Ships of separate Traders loft between 1707 and 1711:

Extract of the Minutes of the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations relating to the Trade to Africa:

Copy of the Company’s Observations upon Three Queries sent by the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations to the separate Traders:

Copy of a Memorial from the Royal African Company, setting forth the absolute Necessity of a Joint Stock for carrying on the Trade to Africa:

Particular Valuation of the Company’s Forts, Cattles, and Factories, in Africa:

Copy of an Account of the annual Charge of the Company’s Forts and Settlements in Africa:

Copy of an Account of Eight Years Exports of the African Company, and Eight Years Exports of the separate Traders.

Ordered, That the said Representation, and other Papers relating the reunto, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Trade to Africa.

The said Representation, and other Papers relating the reunto, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Colonel Francis Alexander, in behalf of Colonel himself, and the Officers and Soldiers in the Regiment Alexander under his Command, now in her Majesty’s Leeward Islands in America, was presented to the House, and Belief, read; setting forth, That his Regiment being dispersed in several Islands, it is very difficult to get complete Sets of Muller Rolls thereof: That the Paymaster-General, for want of proper Vouchers, cannot iflfue the Pay of the said Regiment; which is prejudicial to the Merchants that furnish the Subfillence thereof, and ruins the Credit of the fame: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl of Hertford, Mr, Oglethorp, and Mr. Manley, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Mafier, Wardens, and Assistants, Wollen of the incorporate Company of Clothiers in the City of Manutactuit Worcester, was presented to the House, and read: setting cloth forth. That the Petitioners fend their Cloths up dry for the Market, and agree for the Price thereof; which afterwards is put into Water to be measured; which many times, by reason of Frost, or rainy Weather, is very much delayed, to the great Damage of the Clothier: v\nd praying. That a Clause may be added to the Bill for regulating, improving, and encouraging the Woollen

Manufacture

ji Ann, iS° — MaiiiL

14 f

Mauufa&are of Mixed or Medley Broad Cloth; land for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; that the Petitioners Cloth may bemeasured at the Mill, and the Length struck by a Person sworn for that Purpose: and the Buyer obliged to take it by the said Measure.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table tintil the said Bill be read the Third time.

wcastle A Petition of Charles Atkinson, John Johnfbn,

>n Tvno Simpfort, Lancelot Cramling Henry Robert

fpstal. Reed, Henry Atkinson, John Maddifon,

James Rawlin, Francis Armorer, Robert Wallis, Lyon

Colpits, James Rinks, Michael Watson, Thomas BramelL, junior, Thomas Allan, junior, John Armourer, William Harrison, Sarah S/arkin, Ellis Inchbald, George Smailes, John Humble, William Dove, and George Hey, of the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, Hoaftmen, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That in the Bill, now depending in this honourable House for the erecting a Corporation for the speedy finishing the Mospital, and establishing, perpetuating, and managing of the Charity, of the Skippers and Keelmenof the Town and County of Newcastle upon there are several Clauses which may be injurious, and very prejudicial, to the Petitioners: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Clauses in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, upon the Third Reading of the said Bill.

Ditto. A Petition of John Ker, Steward of Keelmens Hospi-

tal at Newcastle, and of Nine hundred Eighty-one of the said Keelmen, in behalf of themselves and the whole Body of the said Keelmen, and their numerous Families, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by their own voluntary Contribution and Charity, have erected an Hospital, for the receiving and entertaining such poor Persons of their Profession, their Widows and Children, as by Misfortune, Age, or otherwise, are rendered incapable of any further Labour :That, by the Threats of their Masters, the Fillers and Hoaftmen of Newcastle, about Two hundred of the Petitioners did sign a Petition, feme time since presented to this House;

fraying, That they might be incorporated, and have such owers given them as should be fitting for the Management of the said Charity: That the said Fillers and Hoaftmen, in the Bill brought into this House for the erecting a Corporation for the speedy finishing the Hospital, and establishing perpetuating, and managing, of the Charity, of the Skippers and Keelmen of the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, have not only obtained themselves to be the perpetual Governors of the said Hospital and Charity, but have alfe turned the Petitionersvolun-tary Contribution and CharityintoacompulfiveTax upon their Labour: And praying the Consideration of the House; and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Third Reading of the said Bill.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Richard have Leave to

Absence- g0 into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Pugh have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Supply. The House, according to Order, resolved Uself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-reded him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 17.

Mr. Conyers aHo acquainted the House, That be was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted tt> her Majesty.

The other Orders of die Oay being read

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Severn* Eleflinn*- night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole mumpWU* House, upon the Bill for more effectually preventing Vote*.3 fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for eleding Knights of Shires t6 serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That this House will, upon TTiar/dbyHe- toiMiesttea vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whose of Litels* House, to consider of that Part of her Majesty's Message to the House, the 17th of January last, which relates to the great Licence taken m publishing false and scan* dalous Libels.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven; Africa#

night, at Twelve a’Clock, resolve itself into a Commit- Trade, tee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Punishing the whole House, to whom the Billfor puiiifiiing Mutiny Mutiny and and Desertion, and false Mullers; and for the better 1)eCertion-Payment of the Army and Quarters; was committed j be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Colonel Grahme and Sir Geo. Read- Lord Annes* mont be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrotfod le/» Etut*. Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making the Exemplification of the Settlement made upon the Marriage of James Lord Annejley with the Lady Elizabeth Manners, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, Evidence, on Hearings in Equity and Tryals at Law, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Geo. Reauniont be added to the Public Committee, to whom the Account shewing how much Money ac* of the Sum of £. 35,302,107. i8j. gd. of the Money counted for. granted by Parliament; and issued for the Publick Service to Christmas 1710; which appeared to remain unaccounted for the last Session of Parliament; has been since accounted for before the Auditors of the Imprefts; and by whom, and when; and what Obstructions have arisen in accounting for the fame; is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 19* dk Martii;

Anno 11* Ann* Regins, 1711.

Prayers.

MR. Manley according to Order, reported, from pun*fl)jD the Committee of the whole House, to whom Mutiny and the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, And false Desertion. Mullers; and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters; was committed; the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and had di retted him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and ihen a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to declare, That the Allowances to be given to Recruits are only intended to be for such as are upon the British Establishment only; and that the same be signified to the Commissioners by the Secretary at War:

And the same was twice read; and amended;

And then the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

O o Ordered,

Leave of Absence*

Portugal

Winea.

Supply.

142 19° — 2o'5 Marlit. A. 1711.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Jekyll have Leave to go.his Circuit, he being Chief Justice of

Ordered, That Mr. Nathanael Palmer have Leave to go into the Country for a Mouth, his Lady being very ill*.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Vaughan have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Tilney have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Thomas Brook and 1 of Lon-

don, Merchants, was presented to the House, and read 5 setting forth. That the Petitioners have imported large Quantities of Wines from Portugal, as well in the Port of London, as in other Places in England-, and have fold the same by Wholesale, as Merchants, and not other-) wife; but, as an Accident to their Trade, and to hinder the great Abuses in the Wine Trade, the Petitioners have fold several Parcels of the said Wine by Retail: That the Commissioners of the Customs have therefore made the Petitioners pay Duty for all the said Wine, as Retailers: And praying Leave to bring in a Clause to empower the Commissioners of the Customs to allow of the Petitioners Oath to distinguish those Wines imported by them for Wholesale from those imported for Retail, and to make an Allowance of the Duties accord-) ingly; or fuel) other Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the'Fable,

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs have a Copy of the said Petition: And that they do state the Fad, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to eonfider farther of the Supply granted to, her Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House 5 which he read in his Place; and aftenvardsdelivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding two Thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, to complete the Chargeofbuildinga Church at wherein divine

Service is celebrated after the Usage of the Church of England, for the Benefit of her Majesty’s Subjects there.

Resolved, That it-is the Opinion of this Committee, Jhat a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Sixty-eight

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, foamended, ThntaSum, not exceeding £. 7,500 be granted to her Majesty, for the Pay of Contingencies for the Guards and Garrisons in Great Britain.

The last Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein/ by leaving out "£.31,752. 7f."and inserting ‘‘£.23,400" in (lead thereof:

And the Question being put, That stand Part of the Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth;

'£.32,752.

Tellers for the Yeas, £ ^rtn°!e-> ]

(Mr. Cunningham:

99-

118.'

Tellers for the Noes, £ JJr* I

I Mr. Onjlozv:

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That "£. 23,400" be inferied, instead thereof.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That a Sum, not exceeding£. 23,400; be granted to her Majesty, for the Pay of the Garrisons in Great Britain.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider farther of the Bill for enlarging the Time given to the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an Act, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties on Coals, for building of Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and other Purposes therein mentioned: and also for giving the said Commissioners farther Powers for better effecting the Purposes in the said Act. mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.’ Annejley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Anntfleyreported from the Committee, That they-

had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they: had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow. Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House wilt, upon Friday Morn-ng next, resolve itself into a Committee of t he whole' House, to eonfider farther of Ways’ and Means for raif-ng the Supply granted to her Majesty.

thousand Eight hundred and Thirty Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pencej be granted to her Majesty, for the Pay of the Horse, Foot, and Dragoons in Great Britain, and of Nine Independent.Companies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That e Sum not exceeding Fourteen thousand Four hundred and Ten Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven Pence Three Farthings, be granted to her Majesty, for the Pay of the General Officers for the Guardsand Gar-rifuns in Great Britain.

That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thata Sum, not exceeding £.13,734 is. 9 be granted to her Majesty, for the Pay of Contingencies lor the Guards and Garrisons in Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £. 32,752. be granted to her Majesty, for the Pay of the Garrisons in Great Britain,

The First and Second of the said Resolutions, being Severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 3d Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by

leaving out"£. 13,734. 8f. od."and inserting "£7,500'!’

instead thereof: -

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovts, 20° die Mar tit \. ... Anno n* Ann® Regime, .1711.

Prayers.'1

S L R Henry Bunburyreported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making the Exemplification of the Settlement piade upon the Marriage of James Lord with the Lady Elizabeth Manners, under the Great Seal.of Great Br/Vr/m, Evidence, on Hearings in Equity, and Try* als at Law, was committed. That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had made some Amendmen s to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and are as follow; Pr. 4. L. 12, leave out " Deed," and insert " Deeds II. 15, leave out " of Buckingham,' mid insert 17 - " /Wife

Fifty* d tv. Churches

Ways

and

Lord Am*:1 1 ty\fclh*

11 Atf N.

io0 Martti.

*44

" Wife of the most Noble J Duke of the County of

'* Buckingham, and Normanhy

L. 23, after " the,’’ add " said L. 23, and 14, leave out " of Buckingham And then M ere read a Second time, one by one; arid. Upon the Question fevferally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

.. The. Bill was read, the Third time.

Bcjblved, That the Bill, with theAmeridmerits, do pass

head; setting forth. That the malting the stiver Avon navigable will be prejudicial to the Petitioners: And praying to be heard, by their Couufel, against the Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cotlllderation of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Avon, in the Counties of and

Gloucester, navigable, from the City of Bath to or near Hanham's Mills is committed: And that the Petitioners

Ordered, That Sir Henry Banbury do carry the Bill be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee*

to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Concurrence.

thurch Mr . Murraypresented to the House, according to

Prdeiitation* Order, a Bill to refiore the Patrons to their ancient in Scotland. Rights Df presenting Ministers to the Churches vacant in that Part of Great Britain called: And the fame was received j and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill to hinder the farther Growth of Popery, by more effectually preventing the foreign Education of Children of Popish Parents; and enforcing the Laws against Popery; be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next, in a full I louse.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the ingrolfed Bill for repairing the Highways between a certain Place called Five Mile Stone, and the Town of Stanmore Magna, in the County of

beiiow read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third tlitae Tomorrow Morning.

Growth of Popery.

Stanraore

Roads.

Coh Alexander and Regiment's Relief.

Ditto*

Mr. Manley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for Relief of Colonel Francis Alexander, and his Regiment, in the Leer card iu America: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved-, That an- humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That die will please to direct the proper Officer to Jay before this House such Account as he has received of the effective Men in the Regiment of Colonel dFrancis Alexander, late Colonel Jones's, in the Leeicard JJlands in America, for the Two last Years; and that the will be pleased to direct, T-hat a Copy of a Letter, Cent by the Governor of the Leeward JJlands to the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, relating to the fame, may also be laid before this House.

... Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Avon

Navigation.

upon their Petition, if they think fit,

Mr. Freman, according to Order, reported from th& Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the fariie in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report and Resolutions.M’ereread; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of the honourable Philip Berlin Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Wm. Cotesworth Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Mayor* Aldermen, Common Council, and Freemen, of the Borough:

That the Question was. Whether it is necessary thfe Freemen should be resident, and pay Scotland Lot

In the Charter of this Borough, granted 37 VIII. are these Clauses;

" Quod nullus habeat, gaudeat, five utatur, libertatibus ejusdem burgh nisi fit inhabitant aut refiejen’ infra " limit’ praedict’ burgi; et quod de tempore in tempus " solvet scott’, lott’* taxas, & omnimod’ & lingula alia " onera, ut cseteriburgenfesdicti burgi facierit, actenemtur facere, nisi fit licentiat’ pro caufis et consideratiorifbus rationabilibus in habit are fe extra btirgum ilium " per literas paten’, fub sigillo communi dicti burgi, u affenfu & confenfu majoris aldermannorum. It communis concilii vet majoris partis eorund’aldermannor’, et communis, coucilii pro tempore existen’:

" Et ulterius, quod omnes et singuli in libertat’ dicti " burgi existen’, aut impofterum existen’, & libertat’ & " liberisconfuetudinibusejufdemburgi gauderevolentes, " effect decsetero in lottis & scottis participes omnium " onerura pro statu & libertat’ burgi ejusdem manu tenend’Juxtafacra’ quee fecerunt* vel impoflerum fecrirint, quando ad libertat’ burgi illius admiffi effect vel " existentes; et qui hoc facere recufarent, five nollent* ,f libertatem ejusdem burgi amittent."

The fitting Member’s Counsel infilled. That Residency, or paying Scotland Lot, is not necessary»

And they produced the following Resolutions of the House of Commons in Two controverted Elections for

teoftoa

Elections,

A Petition of the Copyholders, Freeholders, arid other Inhabitants, within her Majesty’s Manor of Midfomer

Norton, being Parcel of the Duchy of Cormvull, in the this Borough; One between Sir Anthony Irby and Mr.

Ditto-

County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the making the River Avon, in the County of Somerset, navigable to will be a

great Prejudice to the Petitioners, by lessening the Value of their Lands, and rendering them incapable of paying the Taxes charged upon them: And praying to be heard, by their Couniel, against the Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester, navigable, from the City of Bath to or near Hanham's Mills, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Leaseholders, and Copy-.holders,.of the Manor and Parish of Boadjlock, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and

Vol. 17-

Okeley; and the other between Sir Anthony Irby, and Mqjor Thory, viz.

8# Mail,4* Car. I mi, 16*8: It was agreed by tlife

Committee, That the Election of Burgesses in all Boroughs did, of common Right* belong to the Commoners; and that nothing could take it from them but a Prescription, and aconstant Cfage, beyondall Memory to the contrary:

And thereupon, upon the Question, it was resolved by the House, That the Right of Election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for this Borough relleth in the Conv-monalty, and not in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council.

15th May, 15 Car. Ilrfi: The Opinion of the Committee was. That the Inhabitants, if they were not Freemen, had not Voices in the Election; and that Sir Anthony Irby was duly elected:

And the House resolved to agree with the Committee,

That

Boston

Lle<5Uon.

.1.44 W>9 MartU. tjtt.

That Sir Antimony Irby was <July elected, an4 ought tp fit.'

That the Committee came to this Resolution;

Rejblvcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Members to serve in parliament for the Borough of Boftinthe County of Lincoln, is only in the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, and Freemen, of the said Borough, refluent in the fai^ Borough, and paying Scot apd Lot.

That the Poll was thus;

125 for the Sitting Mepiber:

60 for the Petitioner.

That the Petitioner's Counsel objected to 84 of the Sitting Mjejpbqris Voters:

It appeared, That 46 of those Voters did not pay Scot an4 Lot; and Two others were made free after the T§fte of the Writ:

Of thepther 36, four were objected to as being bribed; 27 treated; and Five for bribing and treating the others: As to which, the Petitioner’s Counsel examined Wit-Qeflcys; viz.

Samuel Abbott said, That Timothy hired

about 50 or 60 poor Voters to meet Mr.

Three Miles out of Town, and treated them there:

That Thopwf Clarkson paid 5or. to get James Jenkinson and Joseph Thorold out of Prison; and aiked their Votes for the Sitting Member:

And Robert Co.ron said, He was released out of Prison to vote for the Sitting Member; and that he would not vote without Money:

That Bartlyftomew Barlow paid a Debt of 30s. owing by John Western, for his Vote for the Sitting Member: That 18 other Freemen were entertained at Publick-houses in the Town; they called themselves s

Men; but the Witness could not say who paid their Reckonings:

That lie fayv Freemen several times at the Houses of John Dabney, Samuel Leach, Peter Dixon, Isaac,

and Tfiotuas Byurwell :That Bunnell told him, His Bill came to 50s.; and that Barlow bid him let the Freemen go of; and prowifed. He should be paid when the 40

Days expired:

That Berry Tinsley owned. He let the Freemen have Drink at jjis House, from the time Mr. Cotesworth came down, till the Flection:

That WHiiQW Turner'sWife told the Witness, Between

/. 3 and was (pent at her House upon Freemen, upon Mr. Cotesworth* % Account; and that Barlow, upon the Election>day> and before, bid her let the Freemen have what they would, and he would fee her paid.

That Cha. Weldale's Wife said, Barlow brought the Freemen toller House; her Bill came to /.6 odd Money; Barlow bid her make it/. 7, and he would pay it:

That Stephen Thompfontold the Witness, His Bill for the Freemen came to/. 7: That Barlmo reduced it to /. 6 16s.64.: and a GrtmJbyMaxi told him, He fhoijld

not be paid unless he voted for Cotejworth: And Thomp-Jbn told the Witness, That upon the before the

Fle&ion, Mr. Cotesworth came to him for his Vote, and promised to help him to the Shipping-work; and to lend him/. 40 before-hand:

That Mr. Cotejworth was not known in the Town till he came thither, a Week before the Election: Upon his coming, he petitioned for Freedom: Tis usual on such Occasiona to make an Entertainment, but, the Precept being come down, he told the Corporation, His Hands Were tied; but that he had brought down with him his Bankers, Mr. Wm. and John , Two Goldsmiths,

in London, who would do it for him:

That there was afterwards in the Town great Plenty of a newLiquor they never had there before; 'twas called Whistle Jackett; it was brought from , by

the Carrier, and was made up of Brandy and Treacle '; and they had so much of Queen Anne's Money, that there was not a poor Fellow in the Town, who voted fop Mr. Cotesworth, but had a or. of it; they said it wq?

Colejworth's Mohey. and that the brought it j

but the Witness neither few any of it given, nor knew who gave it:

This Witness, being further examined, said, That after Mr. Peregrine Bertie's Death, he did, by the Lord Great Chamberlain’s Order, upon the Petitioner’s Account, ett-tertain the Voters at several Houses: but that nothing was spent after any Competitor appeared, nor after the Teste of the Writ.

Peregrine Wood said, Stephen Wife told

him, That Mr. Clarkson treated several Freemen at her House, and solicited their Votes for. Mr. Cotesworth 1 That Clarkson paid zos. of her Bill; another of Grimfiff pain zos.more; and Mr. Barlow promised to pay the Remainder, which was /. 6 16$.:

That Berry Tinnejley, who voted for Mr. Cotesworth, feid, There was/. 9 or/. 10 spent at his House; but did not fey who was to pay it:

That Mr. Wm. Bladwin, and Thorold, the Night

before the Election, treated at the House of Anthony Raftwood, jjunior, who voted for Mr. Cotejworth, and said. They would take care to fee him paid:

That John Paddifon, One of the aforesaid 46, who did not pay Scotland Lot, told him, Mr. gave him

5s. in new Money; and Mr Bapromifed him for his Vote for the Sitting Member.

Tho. Atkin said. The Brajfeys gave the Ringers Three 'Guineas; the Petitioner’s Friends gave them One; most of the Ringers voted for Mr. Cotesworth: the Brajfeys solicited their Votes for him; and paid zs. at an Ale-house when the Reckoning was but One Shilling.

Tho. Burwell said, That the fitting Member’s Agents Mr. Barlow, bid him draw drink for any Body that desired it, and he would be paid; his Bill came to/. 4; and Barlow hasfince told him, He will not pay him anjr thing:

That the Petitioner’s Agent Samuel Abbot, paid him 4or. for Drink, which, by his Direction, was given among the Freemen, upon the Petitioner's Account, after Mr. Peregrine Bertie's Death.

That the Sitting Member’s Counsel objected to 22 of the Petitioner’s Voters.

It was admitted by the Petitioner’s Counsel, That 17 of those Voters did pot pay Scotland Lot; of the other Five, Three were objected to for being treated, and Two for treating.

That the Sitting Member’s Counsel examined Witnesses, viz.

Jeremiah Bayley said, That when the fitting Member had polled 125, the Rord Willoughby declared. They would poll no more; it was not recoverable; and wifiied the fitting Member Joy of the Election:

That Samuel Bates told the Witness, Samuel Abbott bespoke a Treat at his House, and paid his Bill; which was/. 6 ios.j and that 70Perfoos were there:

That abundance of Freemen were treated ataVenilbti Feall, upon the Petitioner’s Account, at Robert Mart in's House, after Mr, Peregrine Bertie’s Death, and before Mr. Cotesworth came apwn,

Samuel Leach said, That after Mr. Peregrine Bertie's Death, Samuel Abbot, spent 40a. at his House upon 30 or 40 Freemen, and afeed their Votes for the Petitioner; there was then a Talk there would be an Opposition, they did not know by who.

Tho. Kidd said. That after Mr. Peregrine Bertie's Death, Abbot came to him, and told him, my Lord Great Chamberlain, had a mind to treat some Friends to promote the Interest of the Petitioner, who had a mind to (land Candidate in the Town:

That he, and Abbot, solicited Votes for the Petitioner > and agreed upon Six Houses, at each of which 4ox. should be spent: Abbot afterwards paid their Bills; some of which were 45X. and the rest 40s. each; and declared be did it by Order of my Lord Great Chamberlain, who is Recorder of the Town;

That the Poll was closed by C'onfent; the fitting

Member

11

Ann.

20° — 21°

*45

Member having polled 125, and the Petit ioner but 50, of 220, which was computed to be the whole Number of Voters in the Town:

That there was a Town Talk, Mr. would oppose the Petitioner: That most of the Freemen in Town were treated promifcuonfly; but when the fitting Member came down, they changed so of a sudden for him, that the Witness said, He had reason to believe the fitting Member had infatuated them, with Lot’e-pbwder; though he could not tell of what Mineral ’twas tfiade.

Daniel Copin said, Thomas Kidd add another treated liim at an Alehouse, and said, They were to treat as far as 40s. for Mr. Bertie's Men; there was no Opposition at this time.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That William Coteficorth Esquire, is not duly elected

a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the honourable Philip Bertie Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Boston.

The First and Second Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

The Resolution of the 8th of December last, relating to Lords of Parliament, and Lords Lieutenants of Counties, concerning themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament;

And also the Act of the 7th and 8th Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for preventing Charge and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; were read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being pot. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Third Resolution, That the Honourable Philip Bertie Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough <Jf Boston;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^ 8‘-

Tellers for the Noes,* jj" }

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the late Election for the said Borough of Boston is a void Election.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manorof Agardefy,oX\nsAgcrfey, and March-inglon, and several Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Stafford, lor Payment of the Mortgage-monies charged thereon, and other the Debts of the honourable Charles Egerton Esquire: To Which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Freman reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Return for the Borough of in the County of Stiff’ex, and the Resolution of the Committee

thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report and Resolution, were read; and are as follow: viz.

Upon the Petition offs'm. Wallis Esquire, complaining of an undue EleCiion and Return of the Right honourable Richard Lord Viscount Bellew of the Kingdom of Ireland to serve for the Borough of Steyning in the County of Snfex:

Vo i. 17.

102.

That the Right honourable Richard Lord Viscount Bellezo of the Kingdom of Ireland is named in the Return as the Person elected and returned to serve for the said Borough.

That the Petitioner's Counsel admitted the Title of Viscount" was a Mistake in the Return; and submitted to have that Mistake rectified.

Thereupon the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That at the late Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, Richard Lord Bellew of the Kingdom of Ireland was the Person defied, and designed to be returned, to serve for the said Borough; and that the Return ought to be amended.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, by rating out the Word " Viscount."

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Boftoa the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Boston, in the county of f Lincoln; the late Election lor the said Borough beingdeclared void.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Beal Chapelt whole House, upon the Bill for completing a Chapel of Ease in the Town of Deal, in the County of Kent, by a Duty on water-borne Coals to be brought to the said Town.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Lee took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Lee reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments to it; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for the erecting a Corporation Newcastle-for the speedy ftnishing the Hospital, and establishing, perpetuating, and managing, of the Charity of the 410 pi Skippers and Keelmen of the Town and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, be read the Third time upon Saturday Sevennight; and that the Petitioner’s Counsel against the Bill be then heard.

Ordered, That Counsel for the Bill be then heard.

Ordered, That the Steward of the Keelmens Hospital at Newcaffle, and the Keelmen, be then also heard by their Counsel.

Ordered, That Captain Chapman, Colonel Lambert, Expiring Captain Burgh, Mr. Marriott, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Law*. Worjley, Mr. Burslem, Mr. WinstanleyMr. Hem, Sir Jacob Banks, Sir William Hardress, Mr. Hart, Colonel Stevens, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving and continuing several Laws which are expired, or expiring, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Verier isy 210 dieMattii 5 Anno n* Anna; Regime, 1711.

Prayers.

AP E T IT I ON of James Griffin Esquire, and Ed- Griffin'* ward Griffin, Son and Heir Apparent of the said EftaU*

James Griffin, was presented to the House and read; felting forth, That Sir Edward Griffin, the Petitioner James's late Grandfather, by Indentures, of the 4th and

P P

Egerton’*

imitate.

Stanmort

Hoads.

I46

li* Mar tii.

A. 1711.

5th of June 1608, did rot tic the Mariors of Ding Icy and

Braybrook, in the County of ami all his

Estate in Gttmlcyami Taxlon, in the County o

except Part of Diugleytherein mentioned, as to Part thereof, to the Use of Edward late Lord Griffin, his Son and Heir for Life; Remainder to Lady Vffex Griffin his Wife, for Life; as to the Residiie, to Inmself, for Life; and as to all the Premises, except as aforesaid,. when the before-mentioned Estates should determine, to the Use of the Petitioner , for Life; Remainder to the Petitioner James’s Sons, in Tail Male; Remainder to the Heirs of Lord; Remainder to

the right Heirs of Sir Edward: That there is a Power in the said Deed for Petitioner James to make a Jointure out of the Premises, not exceeding £. 800 per Annum: That Sir Edward, by Will, in 1697, gave the excepted Premises to the late Lord Griffin, for Life'; Remainder to the Petitioner James, for Life; Remainder to Petitioner James's Sous, in Tail Male; Remainder to his right Heirs; That, by an Indenture, 29 November, 36 Car.II. upon the Marriage of the Petitioner James with Anne R the Lord Griffin, confirmed to the Petitioner a Rent-charge of 800 per Annum, out of Dingier/: That by an Act made in the 4th Year ofherpresent Majesty's Reign, Part of the Pre-mises in Dingleywere veiled in Trustees, for 500 Years,

to raise £. 10,000, for paying the Petitioner Debts, and raising Portions for his'younger Children: That the late Lord Griffin survived Sir Edward, and so the Reversion expedant became vested in him; but, he being in i69r, outlawed for Treason, the same is now Veiled in Iter Majesty; and the said Trustees, by reason thereof, and of a facing Clause in the said Act, are disabled from acting: That the Petitioner James, by his Father’s Misfortunes, hath contracted afurther Debt ofj£.20co: That the Petitioner Edward is willing the same should be likewise raised, provided num be immediately settled upon him; and Petitioner James's Power for making a Jointure retrained to_£.6oo per Annum-, which the Petitioner James hath agreed to; but the same cannot be effected without an Att of Parliament: That Sir Edward, the late Lord Griffin, the Lady Essex Griffin, and Anne Rainsford are all dead; and her Majesty has consented, That the Reversion of the Premises be discharged from the forfeiture incurred by the Lord Griffins Treason; and the saving Clause, To far as it relates to her Majesty, her Heirs, and Successors, be repealed: And praying Leave to bring iu a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, According to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir JuJlinian Isham, Kir. Berkley, and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Manor of alias Agerfley,

and Marchington, and several Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Stafford, for Payment of the Mortgage-monies charged thereon, and other the Debts of the honourable Charles Egerton Esquire, was read the First Time.

Bifolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways between a certain Place called Five Mile and the Town of Slarmore Magna, in the County of fawas read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. L. 5,after Four," to insert " Three:"

L. 7, after Horse," to insert "or more:"

Pr. 10. L* leave out " respectively:"

Pr. 12. L. 15, after Five," to insert " or more :"

L. 23, after " Five," to insert " or more:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pnfs: and that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Highway between a certain Place called Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, and Sparrows Hern, in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Smithfondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereupon.

Ofdered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing a Clause in the Statute made in the First Year tcfyefiinj of the Reign oflLing James the I", which makes De-

feriptions of Bankrupts, is committed, have Leave to fit in a Morning.

A Petition of William Palerson Esquire, was offered Paterson’s tO the House. Petition.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Fleming have Leave to go into the L PftYP of Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. ALfence.

Ordered, That Mr. Ackland have Leave to go into the

Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That Sir William Barker have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions;'

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to African her Majesty, That Ihe will please to give Directions to Trade, the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations to lay before this House the Address from Jamaica, in June last, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Secretary St. John reported to the House, That Answer t# their Address of Yesterday, relating to Colonel Francis Addrefi. Alexander's, late Jones's Regiment, had been presented to her Majesty; and that Ihe had been pleased to give Directions according to the Desires of this House.

A Petition of Robert Evans, John Tappenden, - Greenwich chard Stevens, Thomas Rixon, Edward Reynolds, and Hospital. George Cole, Mailers and Owners of Hoys, and Fishermen, in behalf of themselves, and many hundred Families, Traders within the Port of London, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners are apprehensive, that in the Bill depending in this House, intituled, a Bill for the better col!e6ting and recovering the Duties granted for the better Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for the further Benefit thereof; there are some Words, which, b7 Construction of Law, may impose a new Charge upon the Petitioners, and their Apprentices receiving no Wages; to the great Discouragement of breeding up poor Persons in a seafaring Way: And praying. That a saving Clause may be inserted, or the Petitioners heard, by their Connfel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee, by their Counsel, thereupon, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Douglas'* whom the Petition of Sir Wm. Douglas, Lieutenant- Claim on General of her Majesty’s Forces, was referred, be E<iuivaleDt received upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Ways and Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Mean*. Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr,

Supply.

)*iib]ick Xlouey accounted for.

Vrffj's

Eliate.

Laws

leljecHng

Bankrupts.

Yu!«

Yacaoct.

ii

Ann.

210 — 22'

Martii.

*47

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received uptrn Monday Morning next.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committed of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Price, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Aid-worth, Colonel Grahm, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gale, be added to the Committee, to whom the Account shewing how much of the Sum of j£-35,3oa»107 18*. gd. of the Money granted by Parliament, and issued for the Publick Service, to Christmas 1710, which appeared to remain* unaccounted for the last Session of Parliament, has been since accounted for before the Auditors of the Imprefts; and by whom, and when; and what Obstructions have risen in accounting for the fame; is referred.

Ordered, That Sir JVm. Pole, Colonel Codrington, Mr. Pitts, Sir Nich. Morrice, Sir JVm. Barker, Mr.

Mr. Cotton, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Mr.

Manley, Mr. Shutlleworth, Mr. be added to the

Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming to mondisham Vesey Esquire, and his Children, the Benefit intended by an Act, passed in the First Year of her Majesty s Reign, for their Relief; and for discharging him and them of the Rents and Profits of their Estate, incurred before the Palling of the said Act; is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Foley, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing a Clause in the Statute, made in the First Yeair of the Reign of King James the First, which makes Descriptions of Bankrupts, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Moruing, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatic 2 2° Martii;

Anno ii* Ann® Reginae, 1711. Prayers.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gotham "* for ascertaining. and establishing the Glebe Land; lufitory; Tythes, and other Profits, of the Rectory of in

the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Farmanagh, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Ch Mr. Win- . faulty. Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Oglelli Captain Chapman, Mr. Bulled, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Mr. Dun-

comb, Sir Richard Onfoio, Mr. Ward, Mr. Manatorti Mr. Bertie, Mr. Farrer, Sir Arthur Kay, Sir Pole-,

Mr. Gwyn, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Hickman-, Mr

tleworth, Mr. Sliippen, Sir Robert Eden, Mr; Lockhart, ’

Sir Fra. tVarr, Mr. Serjeant Rlchardson, Mr. Berkley',

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Orchard, and all that serve for the

Counties of Bucks and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for prolonging the Term for Lay- Minehead tnent of certain Duties granted by an Act, made in the Harbour.

12th and 13th Years of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for prolonging the Term for Payment of > certain Duties granted by an Act, made in the 12th and 13th Years of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Gwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Highgate to several other Inhabitants, in and between the Hamlets Whetstone of Highgate and Whetstone, in the Parish of Finchley, in Koa the County of Middlesex, and others near adjacent, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from Highgate to Whetflon, and beyond, being upwards of Four Miles, is, notwithstanding the Petitioners Care and Cost to the contrary, become very ruinous, and dangerous to Passengers: That the same cannot be effectually repaired without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Smithson, Mr. James Bertie, and Mr. Serjeant Richardson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Abuses in making Linen Cloth; and regulating the Lengths, Breadths, and equal Sorting, of Yarn, for each Piece made in Scoand for whitening the fame: And that Mr. Yeoman and Sir Patrick fion do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Scotch

Linen.

ABI LL for repealing an Act, passed in the Parlia- A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Lord and

ment of Scotland, intituled, An Act for the dif- Bellezv, Baron of in the Kingdom of Ireland, LadyBellew’*

charging the Yule Vacance, was read a Secoird*H»e. and of the Right honourable Frances Countess of Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Lyon, burgh, his Wife, was presented to the House, and read;

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Cholmondley, Sir John setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the Parliament Bland, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Fr eman, Mr. Johnson, Sir JVm. of Ireland, Part of the Petitioners Estate was vetted in

Barker, Mr. IVyIces, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Carnegie, Trustees, to the Intent to sell the same, within Two

Captain Dyott, Mr. Yeoman, Sir Patrick Johnson, Mr. Years from the ift of August 1709, in order to pay the

Bracebridge, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Petitioners Debts: That the greatest Parts thereof hath Berkley, Mr. Mackenzie, Mv. Snell, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. been fold, and the Money applied accordingly; but Fcrrier, Mr. Manley, Colonel Lee, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. there is Debts yet unsatisfied, and the Time for Sale is Banker, the Earl of Hertford, Sir John Anfruther, Sir expired: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to en-Fra. Warr, Mr. Murray, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Gery, Sir large the Time for Sale of the said Estate for the Pur-Hugh Paterson, Sir 77/o. Lee, Sir Arlh. Kay, Sir J. poses aforesaid.

Bateman, Sir Wm. Boughlon, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Lloyd, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac-Sir David Ramsey, Mr. Cockran, Colonel Child:And cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Berkley, and Mr. Oglethorpe, do the Speaker’s Chamber. prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 17. The

Ltt|

respe^ing

Bankrupts.

Ayletoury to Biffiter Road

Pnke*8 Debt to tba Crown*

Grants by the Crown.

Election. — Expence of Witnesses.

148 .2 20 — 24* Martiu A. 1711.

The House being moved. That the Seventh Section in the Act of the Fourth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds frequently committed by Bankrupts, may be read j

The same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing a Clause in the Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the I'*, which makes Descriptions of Bankrupts, is committed, have Power to receive a Clause to explain and amend the said Clause, in the said Act of the Fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign, that the Discharge of one Partner, becoming a Bankrupt, shall not extend to discharge the other Partners.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and several Inhabitants, in and between , in the County of Bucks, and BiJJUer, in the County of Oxon, and others near adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from the Town of Aylesbury, to the Town of Biffiter aforesaid, Upwards of Ten Miles in Length, is, notwithstanding the Petitioners Care and Coll to the contrary, become very ruinous, and almost impassable: That the same cannot be effectually repaired and amended, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. EJington, Mr. Gore, and Mr. Bruer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill to explain an Act, made in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with the Sureties of Samuel Pacey, deceased, late Receiver General for the County of Sufffo far as it relates to Jqfeph Pake, One of the said Sureties, was read the Third time.

Rffolved, That the Bill do pass:. And that the Title be, an Act to explain an Act, made in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to impower the Lord High Treahirer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with the Sureties of Samuel Pacey, deceased, late Receiver General for the County of Suffolk, so far as it relates to Joseph Pake, Oue of the said Sureties.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

AMotion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to appoint Commissioners to examine the Value of alt Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and upon what Consideration such Grants were made;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein,' by leaving out " 13th Day of February 1688," and inferring 6th. Day of February 1684:

And the Question being put, That 13th Day of " February 1688’' Hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to to appoint Commissioners to examine the Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown since the 13th Day of February r688; and upon what Considerations such Grants were made: And that Mr. Shippen, Mr. Strangwnys, and Mr. Lockhart, do pre-

parr, and bring in, the feme.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Mr. John Cunningham was fumnmned, in behalf of Major General Hamilton, to attend the Committee of Privileges and Electtoou, to testify his Knowledge touching the late Election of a Member to ferae in Parliament 31

for the Burghs of Pittenween, Anjlruther Eq/lcr, -Jlruther Wester, Crail, and Kilrenny, that Major General Hamilton, refuses to pay him Ins reasonable Charges for his Journey, and Attendance;

And a Copy of the said Summons being brought up to the Table, and read;

Ordered, That the said John Cunningham have his reasonable Charges for his Journey, and Attendance on the said Committee: And that the same be ascertained by the Chairman of the said Committee.

A Bill to hinder the farther Growth of Popery, by Growth of more effectually preventing the foreign Education of Popery. Children of Popish Parents; and enforcing the Laws against Popery; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rfolved, That this House will, upon Titefday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Greenwich whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for the Hofpad. collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the better Support of the Royal Hospital at;

and for the further Benefit thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Aifabie took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Aifabie reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, that the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Deal Chapcj, whole House, to whom the Bill for completing a Chapel of Ease in the Town of Deal in the County of Kent, by a Duty on water-borne Coals to be brought to the said Town, was committed, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 240 dieMartii\

Anno n# Annas Reginas, 1711.

Praters.

R. Ctefar, from the Commissioners of the Navy, j; De]){

presented to the House, pursuant to their Ad -dress, to her Majesty, and by-her Majesty’s Commands, an Account of the Debt of the Navy, from Christmas 1710 to Lady-day 1711, for which Certificates or De-

bentures were to be made out, in pursuance of the A ft, passed the last Session of Parliament, for making good Deficiencies, and satisfying Publick Debts:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

Navy Office, 21 March 17;*.

An Account of the Debt of the Navy, from Christmas 1710 to Lady-day 1711, for which Certificates or Debentures were to be made out, in pursuance of the Act passed the last Sessions of Parliament, for making good Deficiencies, and satisfying Publick Debts: Prepared by her Majesty’s Directions, in pursuance of the Addressfrom the honourable House of Commons, of the 14th Instant.

For

Woollen Manufacture of Medley

Cloth.

Lord

Annesley's

Kitate.

A\on

Navigation.

ii Ann.

240- — Marlti.

149

For Bills regiftefed in Course, in the abovesaid Time, according to the Account thereof sent to the Right honourable the Lord High Treasurer, to be £. transmitted to the South Sea Company 136,628 16 2 For Interest, allowed by the said Act, on the said Bills, from the 25th of March to the 25th of December 171 6,147 11 3

Total — 142,776 7 5

Memorandum: ift. That, over and

above the said Sum of £.136,628 £. d.

16s. 2d. due on Bills registered in Course, and transmitted to the South Sea Company, to be satisfied out of that Stock, there were Debts for other Services incurred in that Time; as Imprefts, Bills of Exchange, Salaries, Kc. satisfied out of Money appointed for the fame; to the Amount of - 41,188 3 10

idly, That the Debt for Wages <0 the Officers and Workmen of her Majesty’s Yards, for the above-. said Time, amounted to the Sum

«f.....58,904 ----- 1

3dly, That the Wages due to the Officers and Seamen serving on board the Fleet, for the same Time, exclusive of the Charge of Marines, and the Sick and Wounded amounts to - 191,719 — —

£.292,811 3 10

4thly, That as to the Charge of the Victualling for the said Quarter, it is humbly referred to the Account which shall be given in by the Gentlemen of that Commission.

C. Ctefar, Geo. Toilet,

Cha. Sergifon, Tho. Jennings,

D. Lyddeu, B. Tyemxodl.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; was read the third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad Cloth j and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

A Message from the Lords, By Mr. Orlebar and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Exemplification of the Settlement made upon the Marriage of James Lord A lines ley with the Lady Elizabeth

Manners, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, Evidence, on Hearings in Equity, and Tryals at Law.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Copyholders, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the Parishes of East Ditchett,

Street, and Evererecit, in the County of Somerset, was ’presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the making the lliver Avon navigable from Bristol to Bath will be a very great Prejudice to the Petitioners, Vot. 17.

and to the whole County of Somerset: and preying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester, navigable from the City of Bath to or near Hanham's Mills, is committed.

A Petition of the Landholders, Freeholders, and Avon other Inhabitants, of the Town of Marsfield, in the Navigation. County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth, That the making the River Avon navigable from Bristol to Bath will be prejudicial to the Petitioners, by sinking the Value of their Lands, and ruining the Malting Trade: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester, navigable, from the City of Bath to Or near Ilanham's Mills, is committed.

Mr. Gwyn, from the Commissioners of Trade and African Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their 1’rad Addresses to her Majesty, and by her Majesty’s Commands, ExtraCi of a Letter from Colonel Parke, late Governor of the Leeward Islands, to the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, dated the 4th of May 1709: And

A Copy of a letter from Colonel Parke to Colonel Jones, dated the 8th of April 1709:

Extract of a Letter from Colonel Parke, late Governor of the Leeward Islands, to the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, dated the 24th of April 1710 j with the Copy of a Petition from the Soldiers to Colonel Parke:

Extract of a Letter from Major Douglas, present Governor of the Leeward Islands, to the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, of the 28th of November 1711: And also,

Extract of the Minutes of the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations of the Third of March 1711: And also,

A Copy of an Address to her Majesty from the Governor, Council, and Assembly, of relating to

the Benefit of an open Trade to Africa.

And the Titles of the said Extracts, and Copies, and Address, were read.

Ordered, That the said Extracts and Copies of Let ters, and Minutes and Copy of the Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for Relief of Colonel Francis Alexander, and his Regiment, in the Leeward Islands, in America, shall be read a Second time!

The said Extracts and other Papers, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Copy of the said Address from Jamaica be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That Mr. Bracebridge have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

Ordered, That the Lord Viscount Fermanagh have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. John Jenings have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Bill to restore the Patrons to their Clmrcli ancient Rights of presenting Ministers to the Churches Presentatioa vacant in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be *"i5COtla,d-

read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defer- Punishing tion, ana false Musters; and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters j was read the Third time. e tr 10IU

An Amendment was proposedto be made to the Bill;

Pr. L. # to insert " Beer."

Q And

Boston

ater-

works.

Victualling

P«bt.

150

240 Martii.

A, 1711.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the 13di do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for pnnilliing Mutiny and Peiertion, and fejfe Musters; and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Manley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

abovesaid Time* amounts to the Sum of

The Debt, for foort Allowance to her Majesty’s Ships in Sea-Pay, for the abovesaid Tune, estimated at

6,161

s.

d.

6

*z,5Qo ——

£. 65,808 14 4

A Petition of the Mayor, A Mermen, Town Clerk, and Common Council, of the Borough of in the County of Lincoln, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read, setting forth, That the said Borough is a Sea-port, well fitnated for Trade; but, in Summer-time, wanting freshWater, the same is

Fra. Masham, Geo. Cour

K. Edisbury,

II. Lee,

Tho. Bere, II. Vincent, S. Hunt

OThat the said Account be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, much discouraged: That fresh Water might be brought who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her to the said Borough by erecting a Water-Mill, or En- Majesty. gine, and laying Pipes, and other Water-works, for

that Purpose, m a certain great Common called the Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to iiruej for West Fenn; of which her Majesty is foie Proprietor, her Majesty, That she will be pleased to direct. That an Prizes, &c and hath given her Consent thereto: And praying Account may be laid before this House of what Monies Leave to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. have been issued by the Treasurer of the Navy, for And Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted Prizes and Prisoners taken, which were used to be sup-the House, That her Majesty had been pleased to give plied out of the Droits, Perquisites, and Tenths of the her Content for erecting such Water-house, and other Admiralty.

Conveniences for the fame, in the said Common. Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac- Majesty by fuel) Members of this House as are of her cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Wynn, the I^ord Willoughby, Sir John Thorold, and

Mr. Dimock, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, who were to consider Mr. Ed/Jburtj, from the Coramifliooers for victualling farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply the Navy, presented to the House, pursu&nt to their granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions they had di-Address to her Majesty, and by her Majesty’s Com- reded him to report to the House; which he read in mands, an Account of the Debt of the Victuallingi from his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Christmat 1710 to Lady-day 1711, for which Certifi- Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz. cates, or Debentures, were to be made out, in pursu- 1. Resolved, That It is the Opinion of this Commit-ance of the Act passed the last Session of Parliament, tee, That a Duty be laid upon all Paper made in Great for making good the Deficiencies, and Satisfying Pub- Britain, or imported into the fame, over and above the

Ways and Means,

lick Debts, He.

And the Title thereof was rend.

The said Account is as faUoweth; viz.

London, Victualling Office, no March 171«.

An Accorfnt of the Debt of the Vl&nafting, from Ckrijimas 1710 to Lady-day 1711, for which Certificates, or Debentures, were to be made out, in pursu

Debts, Sic. Prepared by her Majesty’s Directions, in pursuance of the Address from the honourable House of Commons of the 14th instant.

For Bills registered in Course, in the abovesaid Time, according to the Account thereof sent to the Right honourable the Lord High Treasurer, to be £. transmitted to the South Sea Company 194,786

For Interest, allowed by the said Act. on the said Bills, from the 25th March 1711 to the 25th December 1711 - 8,762

s.

8

d.

10

present Duties upon Paper imported.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon imported Paper, called Atlas Fine, be after the Rate of Sixteen Shillings per Ream.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon imported Paper, oalled Atlas Ordinary, be after the Rate of Eight Shillings per Ream,

4. Resolved, That It is the Opinion of this Committee,

H."7" That the raid Dat, upoa imported separ, oiled Impel ance of the AA pafietl the last Session tffarliament, for rialFj be.ltertLfottofSiKteenShiUing.prRe^ making good the Dehoeoces, and satisQ'ing Publick j, ^<3^ , L Committee, That the said Duty upon imported Paper, called Super Royal Fine, be after the Rate of Twelve Shillings per Ream.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opmien of this Committee, That the said Duty upon imported Paper, called Royal Fine, be after the Rate of light Shillings per Ream.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon imported Paper, called Medium Fine, be after the Rate of Si* Shillings per Ream.

8. Resolved, That it is the "Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon imported Paper, called Demies Fine, be after the Rate of Fouf Shillings per Ream.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon imported Paper, called Demies Second, be after the Rate of Two Shillings §ix Pence per Ream.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon imported Paper, called Demies Printing, be after the Rate of One Shilling Eight Pence per Ream.

11. , That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon imported Paper, cal-i led Fine Holland Royal, be after the Rate of Three Shillings Three Pence per Ream.

i2.ifo/£fofd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon imported Paper, called Fine Holland Second, be after the Rate of Two Shillings per Ream.

13. Refoked,

6 10

Total f. 203,548 15 8

Memorandum: That, over and above the said Sum 0^.194,786 8r. tod. due on Bills registered in Course, and transmitted to the South Sea Company, to be Satisfied out of that Stock, there were Debt* for other Services incurred in that Time; as Impresss, Bills of Exchange, Salaries, i(c. satisfied out of Money appointed for the feme, to the Amount of -That the Debt for Wages to (he Officers and Workmen of her Majesty's Victualling Ports, for the

37*47

u Ann. 34° War til- 151

13. Resolved, That it is the Opiqion of this. Committee, That the said Duty upon imported Paper, called Blue Royal, be after the Rate of Two Shillings per Ream.

14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon imported Paper, painted, be after the Rate of Eight Shillings per Ream.

15. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon imported Paper, called Cartridge Paper, bp after the Rate of One Shilling Six Pence per Ream.

16. Resolved, That it the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon imported Paper, called Elephant Fine, be after the Rate of Right Shillings per Ream.

17. Refulved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon imported Paper, called Ordinary Elephant, be after the Rate of Three Shillings Three Pence per Ream.

18. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon imported Paper, called Fine Large Poll, be after the Rate of Two Shillings Six Pence per Ream.

19. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon imported Paper, called Fine Fools Cap. be after the Rate of Two Shillings Six Pence per Ream.

ao. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon imported Paper, called Second Fools Cap. be after the Rate of Two Shillings per Ream.

21. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon imported Paper, called Ballard, or Double Cppy, be after the Rate of Two. Shillings per Ream.

2a. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Puty upon imported Paper, called Chancery Double, be after the Rate of Tw9 Shillings per Ream.

*3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon imported Paper, called Superfine Pot, bp after tpe Rate of Two Shillings per Ream.

?4- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Dqty ppopImported Paper, called Second-fine Pot, h* aftpr the Rate of Oap Shifting Six Pence per Ream.

75. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Paper, called Genoa Royal, be after the Rate of Three Shillings Three Pence per Ream.

26. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Paper, called Genoa Medium, be after the Rate of Two ShiHiugs Six Pence per Ream.

a 7. Resolved , That it is the Opinon of this Committee, That the said Duty on Paper, called Genoa Demy Fine, be after the Rate of Two Shifting* per Ream.

28. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the stud Duty upon Paper, called Genoa Demy Second, be after the Rate of One Shilling Six Pence per Ream.

29. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tfti? Committee, That the said Puty upon Paper, ceiled Crown Fine, be after the Rate of One Shilling Six Pence per Ream.

30. Resolved, Thai it if the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Pa,per> calLed G&mCiQyq Second, be after the Rate of One Shilling per Ream.

31. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comr mittee, That the said Duty upon Paper, called Genoq. Fool? Cap Fine, be after the Rate ,of One Shifting Six Pence per Ream.

32. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Paper, called Genoq Fools Cap Second, be after the Rate of One Shilling per Ream.

33. Resolved, Tftat ft is the Opiftiqp of tftw Commit* Vo*.. 17.

tee, That the said Duty upon Paper, called German Lorn- Way*

bard, be after the Rate of One Shilling per Ream. "><1 Mean*.

34. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commit*

tee, That the said Duty upon Paper, called

be after the Rate of One Shilling Six Pence Ream.

35. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Paper, called German Crown, be after the Rate of One Shilling per Ream.

36. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Paper, called German Fools Cap. be after the Rate of One Shilling per Ream.

37. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all other Paper imported be after the Rate of Twenty Pounds per Cent. ad valorem.

38. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon alt Books, Prints, and Maps, printed, or wrought off, in any Parts beyond the Seas, and imported into Great Britain, bound, or unbound, be after the Rate of Thirty Pounds per Cent, ad valorem.

39. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Paper, made in Great Britain, called Demies Fine, be after the Rate of One Shilling Six Pence per Ream.

40. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Paper, made in Great Britain, called Demies Ordinary, be after the Rate of One Shilling per Ream.

41. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Paper, made in Great Britain, called Crown Fine, be after the Rate of One Shilling per Ream.

42. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Paper, made in Great Britain, called Crown Ordinary, be after the Rate of Nine Pence per Ream.

43. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Paper, made in Great Britain, called Fools Cap Fine, be after the Rate of One Shilling per Ream.

44. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Paper, made in Great Britain, called Fool’s Cap Ordinary, be after the Rate of Nine Pence per Ream.

45. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Paper? made in Great Britain, called Fine Pots, be after the Rate of One Shilling per Ream.

46. Resolved, That it is the Qpjuioq of thip , Gpm* inittee. That the said Duty upon Paper, made in Great Britain, called Ordinary Pots, bp after the Rgfe of Six Pence per Ream.

47. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Paper, made in Great Britain, called Brown Large Cap. be after the Rate of Six Pence per Ream.

48. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That tfte said Doty upon l’aper, made in Great Britain, called Smell Ordinary Brown, be after the Rate of Four Pence per Ream.

49. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Paper, made in Great Britain, called Whited JJrown, be after tfte Rate of Six ..... per Bundle, eaeft B.uqclle containing Forty Quires.

50. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,'That the said Duty to be laid upon all Paper, printed, painted, or stained, for Hanging?, be after the Rate of One Peny per Yard.

51. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee", That the said Duty upon alt Paper, made in Great Britain, not before particularly charged, fte after the Rate of Fifteen Pounds per Cent, ad Valorem.

52. Resolved, Tftgt it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties on Paper be granted to her Majesty for the Term of Thirty-two Years.

53. Resolved, That it in the Opinion of this Committee, That all Stocks of Paper in the francs of the Mafcerp, gtaftwarp, Priu$e*p,.of qtft^r peglerp in Paper

for

Douglas' Claim on Equivalent.

Supply.

Duke of

Bedford’s

Eilat*.

J52

24°: — 2 50 Martii. 1.

for Sale, on the One and twentieth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eleven, be chained with the like Duties.

54. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty be laid on all Soap, made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame.

55. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Paid Duty upon all foreign Soap imported be after the Rate of Two Pence per Pound Weight avoirdupois, over and above the Duties already payable upon the Importation thereof.

- 56. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all Soap, made in Great Britain, be after the Rate of One Peny per

Pound Weight avoirdupois.

57. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be granted to her Majesty for the Terra of Thirty-two Years.

58. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Stocks of Soap, in the Hands of any Person trading or dealing the rein, be chargeable with the like Duties.

The First Seven-and-thirty of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 38th Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the said Duty upon all Books, Prints, and Maps, printed, or wrought off, in any Parts beyond the Seas, and imported into Great Britain, bound, or unbound, be after the Rate of Thirty Pounds per Cent, ad valorem.

The 39th,40th, 41ft, 42d, 43d, 44th,45th, 46th, 47th, 48th, 49th, 50th, 51ft, 52d, and 53d, Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 54th Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Duty be laid on all Soap, made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame)

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the'Yea*,

Tellers for the Noes, j j J2.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report of Sir Wm. Douglas, Lieutenant General ofher Majesty’s Forces, be received Tomorrow Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 25° die

Anno ii* Anna Regime, 1712. Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees, during the Minority of Wriotht/ey Duke of Bedford, and of the Lord John RuJ/ell, his Bro-»5

ther, to grant Leases of the Estate of the said Duke, and Sets for getting Copper and other Ore and Minerals therein; and for rendering valid and effectual several such Grants, or Sets, already made; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fairer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir JujlinianIsham presented to the House, according Griffin'i to Order, a Bill for enabling James Griffin, Esquire, and E&»t#. Edioard Griffin, Son and Heir Apparent of the said James Griffin, to raise Money to pay the Debts of the said James , and to make a Settlement for the Benefit of themselves, and their Family: And the same was received.

And Mr. Attorney General acquainted the House,

That her Majesty being entitled only to a Reversion expectant upon Estates Tail in the Estate mentioned in the said Bill, die is pleased to quit such interest, for the better Disposition and Settlement of the Estate, according as by the said Bill is intended.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebar and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Afil Punishing for pun idling Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mullers; Mutiny and and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters; *rtlon‘ without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Medlycot reported from the Committee, to whom Vesey» the Bill for confirming to Agmondisham Ve/ey, Esquire, Estate and his Children, the Benefit intended by an A fit passed in the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for their Relief; and for their discharging him and them of the Rents and Profits of their Estate incurred before the Pafling of the said Afil; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations in the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had heard Counsel upon the Petition of Patrick Seagrave, Esquire, in behalf of his Mother and himself; and that the Committee had direfited the Bill to be reported to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir Wm. Withers reported from the Committee, to Laws whom the Bill for repealing a Clause in the Statute respecting made in the First Year of the Reign of King James ill, BankruP"-which makes Descriptions of Bankrupts, was committed.

That they had direfited him to report the Bill to the House, without any other Amendment than a Clause, which they had received, and agreed unto, pursuant to an Instrufition from the House; which Amendment he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Carnegie reported from the Committee, to whom Yule the Bill for repealing an Afil, pulled in the Parliament Vacunce. of Scotland, intituled, Afil for discharging the Yule Vacance, was committed. That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had direfited him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ngrofled.

Ordered, That Mr. Leu'is have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Vetition

11

Ann.

45® M

*53

African

Tract*

A Petition of the Inhabitants in and about the Corporation of Westbury, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive. That the Settlement of the Trade to Africa in a Joint Stock will be the best Means to secure a large and constant Export of the Woollen Manufacture: And praying the same may be £0 settled.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are toconsider of the Trade to

Aa Navi- A Petition of the Copyholders, and others, within

her Majesty’s Manor of Stratton upon in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and

read; setting forth. That the making the River Avon, in the Counties of Somerset and navigable

to Bath, will be of the utmost ill Consequence to the Petitioners, and the Ruin of many Hundred Families, whose Subsistence depend upon the Land Carriage: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill, for making the River Avon, in the Counties Gloucester, navigable, from the City of Bath, to or near Hanham's Mills, is committed.

Steyning

Return

upended.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of ing, in the County of Suffer.

C«l. Rice’s The House proceeded to take into Consideration the application Report from the Committee appointed toconsider of the at Debentures Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine how and to whom, and for what. Col. John Rice disposed of Eleven thousand Four hundred and Twenty Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence in Army Debentures; and to whom the Petition of Anne Trant Widow was referred.

And the said Reports were read, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; and agreed unto by the House.

The said Reports, and Resolution, are as follow;

At the Committee appointed to consider the Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine how, to whom, and for what, Colonel John Rice disposed of£.11,420 17 s. in Army Debentures; That the Committee find, by an Act made in the 4th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, there was granted unto Colonel John Rice the Sum of 1,410 17 6d.

for Horses, Arms, and Accoutrements, and Arrears of Pay due to him; and, accordingly, received the said Sum in Army Debentures:

That the Committee do also find, That, by an Act made in the 5th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled An Act for obliging Colonel John Rice to account for Debentures granted to him, Complaint was made. That he, the said Colonel Rice had not paid to the Officers and Soldiers of his Regiment the Sum of £.11,420 17 6d.

as was alleged by the said Rice-, but had, in order to obtain the said Act, fraudulently procured Releases from them for the Pay of their several Troops aforesaid, upon Assurances by him given, That he would pay the Sums for which such Releases were given, when he should have received the same from the Parliament; but the said John Rice had not paid the same:

Whereupon it is by the said last mentioned Act enacted, That the said John Rice shall be charged and chargeable in her Majesty’s Court of Exchequer with the Sum of £.11,420 17 s.6d.; and shall account for the same according to the Course of the Exchequer, as if the Monies had been issued to him by way of Imprest, or upon Account, for the Services of the Army:

It further enacts, That such Charge against the said John Rice shall be taken and reputed as a Debt, by Obligation or Specialty, of the Nature of a Statute Staple taken or acknowleged to the Use of her Majesty, accord-Vol. 17.

ing to the Statute mdde in the 33d Year of King Henry Col. Rice'* the VUIth, to oblige the said John Rice to answer in debenture*.0 Account for the said £. 11,420 17$.; and that the said Debentures, so made out to the said John which are remaining in his Hands, or of any other Person in Trust for him, and in which he hath still any Property, or Equity of Redemption; and also all other Effects in Money, Bills, Notes, Lands, Tenements,

Woods, Hereditaments, Goods, or Chattels; or any other Estate, real or personal, in England or Ireland, for which he hath disposed of any of the said Debentures, either in his own Name, or in the Name of any Person in Trust for him, or of which he is to receive the Benefit; except such Debentures touching which other Provision is made in the said Act; is by the said Act veiled in her Majesty:

In which Act there is a Proviso, That nothing in the said Act shall takeaway the Right or Title of any Person to any of the said Debentures, which have been, before the ill of March 1706, really, and bought or

taken as Security for Money lent to the said John Rice, by any other Person, having the Possession thereof, who shall fend an Account to the said Commissioners at any time before the ill of August 1707:

The said Act further provides, That where it shall appear, that any Monies have been really, and bonafde\ent upon Security of the said Debentures, the same Commissioners shall pay and satisfy such Money so lent by any Person, who shall make such Discovery thereof, and all Interest due for the fame; whereby such Debentures, or the Residue thereof, as shall be unfold, may remain to her Majesty, for the Purposes aforesaid: And in case such Sale shall not be made, and the Debt, and Interest due thereon, paid thereout, on or before the ill October 1707, the Persons having such Debentures in Security may, at any time after, fell the same to any Purchaser, and pay themselves their Principal and Interest:

That it also appeared by a Vote of the House of Commons, 22d of March 1708, That it was resolved by that House, That the Debentures claimed from Colonel John Rice, which have been examined by the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament for that Purpose, and allowed in their Report, ought to carry, and be paid,

Interest as other Debentures.

That Mr. Clayton appeared, and acknowleged the Signing of the Report.

And, by that Report, That it appeared to the Committee, That Colonel Rice, the 19th of April 1706, received from the Earl of Ranelaghfeveral Debentures,

specified in the said Report, amounting to the Sum of £.11,420 l’js. 6d.

It further appears, by the said Report, That the Lord Fitz Williams lent 2,800l. £. s. d.

upon - - - -4,700 ----- --inDebentures.

Sir Stephen Evance lent 1,000l. upon - 2,000 — —

Mr. Hammond fold

Woods for - - - 1,000 ——

Mr. Afgill fold Lands

for - 1,500 ——

Captain Morgan paid 1,120/. for - 1,600 — —

Mr. Taylor had, upon a Com mi (lion of Bankrupt - 120 17 6

M r. Declofeaux paid 148/. for - ... 200 — —

The Remainder does not appear to whom disposed, being -

- 900 —

So the Total of the Debentures amounts to 11,420 17 6

For which, the said Rice

received in Money - 5,380 ——

And in Lands and Woods

to the Value of - 2,500 ——

Rr

There

*54

Coh Rice’s There now remains in £. s. application of Halids of tl)e Com-

e ntures. mjfl-loners jn Debentures - 1,700-----

In Money - - - - 30 3 7

Which Money and Debentures, being what remained of the Debentures after they had paid the Lord Williams and Sir Stephen their Principal and Interest, was flopped by the Commissioners, on the Application of IPaltcr De Esquire, to whom they

weremortgaged for£. 1,500; of which £.1,452 10s. was for the Account of Mrs. 7'rant.

Colonel like said. That the £.300 in Debentures remaining, not known to whom disposed, was by him delivered to Sir Thomas , in part of £.650;

and that be believes the Lady Pendergrafs has now the Debentures in her Custody.

Colonel Rice said. That he fold £.2,500 in Debentures to Mr. Knight and for£.1,750; who gave

£.1,500 to Afg'dl for Land, by him sold to them in Ireland; and £.1,000 was paid Mr. , for Woods

in Ireland, sold by Mr. Hammond to Messieurs Mathews and Wetton, being in Trust for Captain Knight and Mr. OHara; for which there is now a Suit depending in the Queen’s Bench, between

Mr. Hammond and the Purchasers.

The said Mr. Clayton said, That they sent over into Ireland to take Pofteihon of the said Woods; but there were no Proceedings therein, finding it would not answer the Government the Expences in Law.

That upon the Petition of Mrs. Anne , Widow;

It appeared to the Committee, That Colonel John Rice had received £.1,452 io.r. of the proper Money of the Petitioner Mrs. , by the Hands of Walter Delamar Esquire, deceased; and that the said John If fee did, the qth Day of October 1706, execute a Deed to the said Walter whereby he convey-

ed the Equity of Redemption of certain Debentures, which before were mortgaged to the Lord Fitz Williams and Sir Stephen , to the said , for the Consideration of £.1,500 therein mentioned to be paid to the said Rice:The receipt of which Money Colonel Rice owned; whereof the Sum of £.1,452 105. 7 Jr/, belonged to Mrs. Trant, being in Trust for her; which said Sum the Petitioner Mrs. Trant has a good Right to receive, by virtue of the said Deed of Assignment; which, by Evidence, was proved to be signed, sealed, and executed, by Colonel And he, being asked

the Question, owned his Hand, and his fealing and executing the said Deed:

And it also appeared to the said Committee, That the Benefit of the said Deed-of Assignment was claimed by the said Delamar, the 24th of 1707, in pursuance of the Act of Parliament to oblige Rice to account, made in the 5th Year of her present Majesty’s Reign.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolution following;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mrs. Anne Trant hath fully proved the Allegations of her Petition; and that there is really due to her from Colonel John Rice the Sum of £.1,452 lo.y. -]{d.

together with Interest for the same from the 10th Day of October 1706; and that the ought to be paid the same out of the Debentures and Money now remaining in the Hands of the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty to examine how, to whom, and for what, Colonel Johnllice disposed £.11,420 17 6 in Army

Debentures.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the 1 loufe.

I-nve of Ordered, That the Earl have Leave to go

Absence. into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ayou A Petition of the fevoral Landholders and Lease-Vavigation. holders of the several Parishes of Newton, St. Loo, -

d. 1712.

Jon, Compton, Dan Joe, Sa Ilford, Stanton Prior, and

Markcfbury, in the County of Sonear adjoining

to the River Avon, as also of the Parishes of Nort hjloake,

Lavgridge. Swainfwork, apd Woolley, that lie near the

City of Bath, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the making the River Avon, in the Counties of Somerset and navigable from Bath to or near , will

be of very great Prejudice to the Petitioners: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Avon, in the Counties of,

and Gloucester, navigable, from the City of Bath to or

near Ilanham's Mills, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, Insolven* to oblige their Creditors to accept the utmost Satis- Debtor*, faction they are capable of making, and to restore to them their Liberty, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, by obliging their Creditors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable of making, and restoring them to their Liberty.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Pole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. , Deputy Royal am

Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: to Uills-

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, immediately, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That he had, with the House, attended in the House of Peers; and heard the Commission read, declaring and notifying the Royal Afleut, in her Majesty’s Absence, to One publick and Two private Bills: And the same was, by the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, and other Lords commissioned by her Majesty for that Purpose, declared and notified, accordingly, to these Bills; viz.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, andfalfe Mullers; and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters:

An Act to enable Trustees, during the Minority of WriolhejlcyDuke of Bedford, and of the Lord John Rujfellhis Brother, to grant Leases of the Estate of the said Duke, and Sets for getting Copper and other Ore and Minerals therein; and for rendering valid and effectual several such Grants, or Sets, already made:

An Act for making the Exemplification of the Settlement made upon the Marriage o {Lord Annefey with the Lady Elizabeth Manners, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, Evidence, on Hearings in Equity, and Tryals at Law.

The House being informed. That the Commissioners Transport of Transports attended; Debt-

' They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House an Account of the Debt for transporting her Majesty’s Forces, from Chrifmas 1710 to Lady-day 1711, for which Debentures were made out, in pursuance of the Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for making good Deficiencies, and satisfying Publick Debts: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge for transporting her Majesty’s Forces for One Year, from the 31st of December 1710 to the 31st of December 1711:

And the Titles of the said Account and Estimate were read.

And then they withdrew.

The said Account and Estimate are as follow; viz.

An

2 50 Mar tit.

i i Ann. $5° — $6 155

An ACCOUNT of the Debt for t ran fpor ting her Majesty’s Forces, from x 710 to Lady-day 17x1,

for which Debentures were made out, in pursuance of the Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for making good Deficiencies, and satisfying Publick Debts.

In the Month of January 1744 -February To March 25th, 1711

Total -

Transport Office, March 25th 171a.

PrincipaL . i Interest to the 75th of December 1711. TOTAL.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £. s. d.

16,906 19 11 966 14 6 17.873 *4 5

14»t>33 8 9 767 13 9 15,401 2 6

13,922 18 10 650 19 6 14,573 18 4

45»46.3 7 6 2.385 7 9 47,848 15 3

Sam. Atkinson, Tho. Coleby.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge for transporting her Majesty’s Forces for One Year, from the

31st December 171 o to the 31st December 1711.

There hatharofe by the Register for Transport Bills, numbered and issued out, to be paid in Course, for Freight of Ships, Hay. Oats, Bread, Beer, Cheese, Calk, Bedding, Cabins, Cradles, Stabling, and other Necefl'aries for Men and Horse; and also for incident Expencesr, fuel) as Cooperage, Lighterage, Labourers, Travelling Charges, repairing returned Bedding, Cabins, Stabling, and necessary Charges of the Office; within the said Year;

In January 1744 Febrnart)

March 1711 April May June July August September October November -December -

Total - -

Principal. lute rest. TOTAL.

£ S. d. s. d. £- So d.

17,787 12 4 966 14 6 18,754 6 10

15,401 I 3 767 13 9 16,168 15 —

20,789 10 — 1,016 11 1 21,806 1 I

10,502 II 1 405 12 2 10,908 3 3

7,973 l5 6 332 7 7 8,306 3 1

23,172 M 7 782 9 7 23,955 4 2

17,734 18 10 473 3 6 18,208 2 4

15,368 7 8 1,012 7 4 16,380 15 —

9.968 *9 5 ln 9 — 10,146 8 5

996 8 5 1 7 5 997 15 10

12,584 1 2 129 4 9 12,713 5 11

11 — 31 8 11 7,685 19 11

59,934 11 3 6,096 9 7 166,03 i — 10

Transport Office, March 25th, 1712. Samuel , Tho. Colby.

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimate be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The Orders of the Day being read;

African Rejoiced, That this House will, upon next,

fcttW* at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Trade to Africa.

American Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-Priie Goods, jpg next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of the Merchants importing Prize Goods from America.

EkfHons. — Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Se-

Mhu'w vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^PyU)g House, upon the Bill for more effectually preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament.

Greenwich Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the llospital. whole House, to whom the Bill for the coliefling and recovering the Duties granted for the better Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for the farther Benefit thereof; was committed; be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue aCJock.

Mercuriiy 26° die Anno it* Annas Regins, 1712. Praters.

Griffin’* A BILL for enabling James Griffin Esquire, and Eftau. Edward Griffin Son and Heir apparent of the said

James Griffin, to raise Money to pay the Debts of the Vol. 17.

said James; and to make a Settlement for the Benefit of

themselves, and their family; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Agcrdejley alias Agerjley, and Marchington, and several Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Stafford, for Payment of the Mortgage-monies charged thereon, and other the Debts of the honourable Charles Egerlon Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Poivlett, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Mr. Halsey, Mr.

Sir Ric. 0/j/iW, Colonel Grant, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Hey-

sham, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. R Mr. Monrow, Mr.

Lampton, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Mr. Bradfiaigh,

Sir Hen. Houghton, Mr. RobinfMr. Sir Pat.

Johnsion, Mr. Wykes, Captain Burgh, Sir Wm. Robinson,

Mr. Cholmondley, Dr. Pajk, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Wm. St. Quint in, Mr. Berners, Sir John Cope, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Dyett, Mr. Farrer, Sir Ric. How, Mr. Prise, Mr- Gale, Mr. Strickland, Mr.

Shackerley, Mr. Dowdfwell, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Thompson, Sir Robert Eden: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Cross reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving and continuing several Laws which ^re expired, or expiring, was committed, That they had heard Counsel upon the Petition of the City of to

them referred; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the Housey which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered n at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one, by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered,

Egerton’s

Estate.

Expiring

Laws-

26° — ^7° Mar tit. 1712.

Ordered, Tlut the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Boston Mr. Wynn presented to the House, according to Waterworks. Order, a Bill for the better supplying the Town of Bojion in the County of Lincoln, with fresh Water: And the same was received.

A«m A Petition of several Freeholders, Leaseholders, and Navigation* Occupiers of Freeftone and Pennant Quarries, lying near the City of Batli, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That if the River Avon is made navigable from Bath to Bristol, it will be a Means to caiYy great Quantities of wrought and un wrought Stone from the Quarries near the said River into divers Parts of this Kingdom; in which Quarries many Poor are employed: And praying. That the Bill, for that Purpose, may he passed by the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Awn, in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester, navigable, from the City of Bath to or near Hanham's Mills, is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and other Gentlemen, as also of the moll substantial Freeholders and Leaseholders, iu behalf of themselves, and many Hundred others that live in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester, near the City of Bath, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the making the River Avon navigable from Bath to Bristol will be of very great Prejudice to the Petitioners: That the Petitioners apprehend, That in the Bill depending in the House, in order thereto, there are not sufficient Clauses for the Saving of the Proprietors and Owners of Lands, Weirs, and Mills, from any Damage which may be done them, if the said Bill should pass: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the fame; and if the same pass, that such Clauses may be added, for their Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester, navigable, from the City of Bath to or near Hanham's Mills, is committed.

Ordered, That the said Committee hare Leave to fit in the Morning.

Privilege. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, upon the Petition of John Sands Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and Elizabeth their Daughter, be received upon this Day Sevennight.

Way* The House, according to Order, resolved itself into and Mean*, a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Resolutions; which they had

directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he w, as directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovisy 2 70 dieMartii;

Anno 11# Annas Reginas, 1712.

Praters.

ABILL for the better supplying the Town of Bof- Uottow ton, in the County of Lincoln, with fresh Water, Waterwork*

was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Medlycot, according to Order, presented to the LordBvlW* House a Bill for enlarging the Time for the Sale of Part of the Estate of the Right honourable Richard Lord leio, veiled in Truliees by an Act of Parliament lately passed in the Kingdom of Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Yule Parliament of Scotland, intituled, Act for discharging Vaamce. the Yule Vacance, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, Act for discharging the Yule Vacance.

Ordered, That Mr. Carnegie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

Mr. Bridges from the Office of Ordnance, presented Remittance to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, fori-0;® and by her Majesty’s Command, an Account of the Servlce* Remittances of Money by the Office of her Majesty’s Ordnance, for foreign Service, during the present War,

(sc.: And also;

An Account of the Debt of the Office of Ordnance, Ordnance from Christmas 1710 to Lady Day 1711, for which De- t>ebw bentures were to be made out, in pursuance of the Act, passed the la ft Session of Parliament for making good Deficiencies, and satisfying Publick Debts: And also.

An Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1711.

And the Titles thereof were read.

The said Account of Remittances is bound up with.

the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Account of Remittances do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

the Account of the Debt, and Estimate of the Charge, of the Office of Ordnance, are as follow; viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Debt of the Office of Ordnance, from Chnjlmas 1710 to Lady-day 1711, for which Debentures were made out, in pursuance of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making good Deficiencies, and satisfying Publick Debts.

Land Service ——

Sea Service - -

Interest of Land Service Money Iutereli of Sea Service Money -

L- s. d. £ * d.

- 65,103 18 - 10,398 14 75.5a 13 9

m: - 2,929 - 466 U 4 7 3.395 *9

{, 78,898 *3 3t

Tho. Erie, Wm. Bridges, Edward Ashe, C. Musgrave, Newd. Owsley.

An

Issue$ for . Navy Ser-

Yicei.

Aron Navi-£utiou.

Ditto.

Successc

schip.

African

Trade.

n Ann.

27° Ma

*57

AN ESTIMATEof the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1711,pursuant to an Address of the House of Commons to her Majesty, of the 14th of March 1711, by her Majesty’s Commands, signified by a Letter from Mr. St. John, Principal Secretary of State, dated the 15th March 1744.

The Proportion of the Charge for this Office for Sea Service, allowed in the Estimate of the Navy, at 4.1. of the 4/. a Man a Month, amounts to - -- -- 104,000 — — <-

The Estimate of the Charge for Land Service, presented to this House, for the Year 1711, amounted to 144,675/. os. tod.; of which the Parliament gave but - -- -- - 130,000 — —

Total for Sea and Land Service £.234,000 — —

Tho. Erie, IVm. Bridges, Edward Ashe, C. Musgrave, Newd. Ozojley.

Ordered, That the Account of the Debt, and Efti- Province of Carolina, on behalf of themselves, and the rest mate of the Charge, of the Office of Ordnance, be re- of the Inhabitants of the said Province, was presented to ferred to the Consideration of the Committee of the the House, and read; fettiugforth, That the said Prowhole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply vince hath always been supplied with Negroes imported granted to her Majesty. by private Merchants, as well as by the Inhabitants and

Planters reftding the re; whereby the Produ6l thereof Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her hath been much increased, to the Benefit of Great Majesty, That the will be pleased to direct the proper tain: That the Petitioners are informed, That the Afri-

Officers to lay before this House an Account of what Money, issued last Year for the Service of the Navy; when it issued; and to what Uses the same has been applied.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Towns of ton Mallet and Crofcomb, and of the Parish of Ashweek, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read, setting forth, That the making the River Avon navigable from Bath to or near Hanham's Mills will be a great Prejudice to the Petitioners: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester, navigable, from the City of Bath to or

near Hanham's Mills, is committed.

can Company, and their Creditors, have petitioned the House for a Confirmation of their Charter, by an exclu-five Trade; which, if granted will greatly prejudice the Petitioners, by debarring them from fetching their own Negroes: And praying, That the Trade to Africa may continue open, and the Petitioners have Liberty to fetch Negroes for the Use of their own Plantations,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Way* and Committee of the whole House, who were to consider far- Mean* ther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion uf this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, an additional Duty be laid upon the Importation A Petition of the High Sheriff, Justices of Peace, of all chequered and striped Linens, and upon the Im

Gentlemen of the Grand Jury, and others, assembled at the Assizes at Neio Sarum, in the County of Wilts, the 14th Day of March 1711, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the making the River Avon navigable will be a great Prejudice to the Petitioners, and other the Inhabitants of the said County, by lessening the Consumption of their Com, Malt, and other Product of their Lands; andaDiscouragement to the Poor, and the Labour of many Artificers: And submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for

portation of all Linens painted, stained or dyed, after the Manufacture, or in the Thread or Yarn, before the Manufacture.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duty be after the Rate of Fifteen per Cent, ad valorem.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duty be granted for the Term of 32 Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee) That One Half of the said additional Duties be charged upon all the Stocks of such Linens in the Hands of

making the River Avon, in the Counties of Somerset Drapers, or others, for Sale, and Gloucester, navigable from the City of Bath to or , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

near Hanham's Mills, is committed. That the Duties upon Bricks, Tiles, Slate, and Lime,

made within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, A Petition of Thomas Covcnlrey, Merchant, Owner of or brought into the fame; and upon all Stone which shall the Ship Successe, was presented to the House, and read; be brought within the Limits of the said weekly Bills of setting forth, That the Petitioner’s Factorabroad bought Mortalityjto be used in Building, or Paving; be grant-the said Ship at Stnirria, as a New England-bvah ship; but ed to her Majesty for the Term of 32 Years, the Petitioner apprehends, the Proofs transmitted to him Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, relat ing thereto, are not sufficient to exempt the same That the said Duties upon Bricks, Tiles, Slate, Lime,

from the Act made for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abufts, in the Plantation Trade: That the said Ship is coming from Smirna and Lisbon; the chiefest Lading of which consists in Dyers Goods; which must be sent into Holland, unless Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Ship a free Ship: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Win. Whilelocke, and Sit'R Onslow do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of firndry Merchants and Planters of the You 17.

and Stones, be extended to all Places within Ten Miles of the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof.

The Five First of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The last of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding, at the End thereof, " and be granted to her Majesty for the Term of 32 Years:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

S f Resolved*

African

Trade.

Call of the House.

Publication of Libels.

Fifty new Churches.

Colonel

Alexander'*

Regiment,

158 27° — 38*

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, foamended, That the said Duties upon Bricks, Tiles, Slate, Lime, and Stones, be extended to all Places within Ten Miles of the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof; and be granted to her Majesty for the Term of 32 Years.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Trade to;

And the House being informed that Mr. the

Chairman of that Committee, is Tick;

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do take the Chair of that Committee.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider farther of the said Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. farrer reported from the Committee, That they had heard the separate Traders, and also some in behalf of the Royal African Company; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of her Majesty’s Message to the House, the 17th of January Iaft, which relates to the great Licence taken in publishing false and scandalous Libels.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Bill for enlarging the Time given to the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an Act, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties on Coals, for Building of Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs there-

of; and other Purposes therein mentioned; and also for giving the said Commissioners farther Powers for better effecting the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; be received upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, N ine a Clock.

Veneris, 28° die;

Anno 1 ia Ann® Regina?, 1712. Praters.

THE House being acquainted that Mr. , from the Paymaster of her Majesty’s G uarda and Garrisons, attended;

He was called in, and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, and by her Majesty’s Command, an Account of the effective Men in the Regiment of Foot in the Leeward JJlands, in America, lately commanded by Colonel

James Jones, and now by Colonel Francis Alexander, according to the Muster Rolls returned to the Pay-master General of her Majesty’s Guards, Garrifoas, idc. since the Time the said Regiment was cleared, in the Year 1709, to the Time of the last Muster Rolls received from the Regiment.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the >7

Martii. vl. 1712.

Table until the Bill for Relief of Colonel Francis Alexander, and his Regiment, in the Leeward Jftands, in America, shall be read a Second Time.

Sir Wm. Whilelocke presented to the House, according to Order,a Bill for making the Ship a free Ship:

And the same was received; and read the Firli time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr. Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the honourable Algernon Grevile Esquire, to make a Settlement of his Estates in the several Counties of York and Warwick, pursuant to Agreements made by him on his Marriage with the honourable Mary Somerset, his now Wife: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act, for enabling Edward Southwell Esquire, to grant certain Houses and Lands, in the County of to

Joshua Franklyn, of Bristol, Merchant, for a Term of Years, in order to the better Improvement thereof, and of other adjacent Lands of the said Edward Southwell: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Serjeant Richardson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from the Town of Highgate to and beyond the Town of stone, in the County of Middlef And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon this Day Sevennight.

An ingossed Bill for confirming to Vesey Esquire, and his Children, the Benefit intended by an Act, passed in the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for their Relief; and for discharging him and them of the Rent and Profits of their Eftute incurred before the pa (Ting of the said Act, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming to Vesey Ef-

quire, and his Children, the Benefit intended by an Act, passed in the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for their Relief; and for discharging him and them of the Rent and Profits of their Estate incurred before the Palling of the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Medlicott do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Grand Jury, and Justices of the Peace, assembled at the Assizes liofden for the County of Kent, at ,on Monday the

10th Day of March, in the nth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, Anno 174-4-, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the common Publick Road betwixt Northfeet, Gravesend, and Rochester, as also betwixt Rochester and Maidstone, is very ruinous, and dangerous for Persons to travel in: That the Laws now in being are not sufficient for making the same commodious: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for the amending, enlarging, and maintaining the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, according to the Prayerof the said Petition: And that Mr. Hart, Sir Wm. IJardrefe, and Colonel do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the honourable Algernon Grevile Esquire, to make a Settlement of his Estates in the several Counties of York and Wandth, pursuant to Agreements made by him on his Marriage with the honourable Mary Somerset, his now Wife, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the' Bill be read a Second time.!

Ordered,

SllCCffa

Ltip.

Grevile § Lluitu

Southwell*

Elute*

Ilighgnteti W hellion* Road.

Vofev'*

Estate*

Xorthflrtl

Road*

GreviJ/* El tale*

ii Ann. 28° — 29° Mar tit. 159

O/vtemf, That M r. Strhave Leave to gointo

the Country for a Month, upon extraordinarvOccafions.

Church A Bill to restore the Patrons to their ancient Rights

presentation cf presenting Ministers to the Churches vacant in that in Scotland. p.(rt Great Britain called Scotland was, according to Order, read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, [ cZcgk: } '98'

Tellers for.l*Noes,}^;,. } 80.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Way* The House, according to Order, resolved itself into md Weans. a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have JLeave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ing, Nine a Clock.

Sab bat i, 290 Martii;

Anno it* Ann® Regime, 1712.

Praters.

Scotch /f R. Yeoman presented to the House, according to

Linen. JLVJL Order, a Bill to prevent Abuses in making Linen Cloth; and regulating the Lengths, Breadths, and equal Sorting of Yarn, for each Piece made in Scotland; and for whitening the fame: And the Bill was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

outhwell An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Edward Southwell Esquire, to grant certain Houses and Lands, in the County of to

Joshua Franklyn, of Bristol, Merchant, for a Terra of Years, in order to the better Improvement thereof, and of other adjacent Lands of the said Edward Southwell, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Expiring An ingrossed Bill for reviving and continuing several Law*. Laws which are expired, or expiring, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the reviving and continuing several Acts Vo 1/. 17.

therein mentioned, for the preventing Mischiefs which may happen by Fire; for building and repairing County Gaols; for exempting Apothecaries from serving Parish and Ward Offices, and serving upon Juries; and relating to the returning of Jurors.

Ordered, That Mr. Cross do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Orchard have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

A Complaint being made to the House, That although King’s Lynn a Warrant for a new Writ was ordered the Sixth Inltant Writ, to issue, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk;and that the Warrant ill'ued the next Day; and the Writ was soon after ftaled, and delivered to Mr. Brifcoe, the Messenger attending the Great Seal 1 yet, that the Precept for the Election was not brought to the Borough the 26th Iuftaut; in Prejudice of the said Borough, and of the Right of Elections:

Ordered, That the said Mr. Brifcoe do attend this House on Monday Morning, to give an Account what is become of the said Writ.

Colonel Lee reported from the Committee of the Deal whole House, to whom the Bill for completing a Chapel Chap«k' of Ease in the Town of Deal, in the County of by a Duty on Water-borne Coals to be brought to the said Town, was committed, the Amendments by them made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read thioughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments be ingrossed.

The House being moved, That the Handing Order of Member* the House, relating to Protections and written Certificates of the Members, might be read;

The same as entered in the Journal, the in the 2d Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, was read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That all Protections and written Certificates of the Members of this House be declared void " in Law, and be forthwith withdrawn, and called in;

't‘ and that none be granted for the future: And that if " any shall be granted by any Member, such Member shall be liable to the Censure of this House: And that " the Privilege of Members for their menial Servants be observed according to Law; and that if any menial Servant shall be arrested, and detained, contrary to Privilege, he shall, upon Complaint thereof made unto the Speaker, be discharged by Order from him."

Ordered, That this Order be published, by setting uf» the same in the Lobby, at the House Door, at Westminster-hall Gate, and at the several Courts in Wefminfef-hall, and at the Inns of Court and Inns of Chancery, and at the Royal Exchange: And that the Knights and Commissioners of the Shires do fend Copies thereof to thfc Sheriffs of their respective Counties, and the Citizens to their respective Cities, and the Burgesses and Commissioners of the Boroughs to their respective Boroughs.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the w’ay* Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of and Mean*.' Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Clerk’s Table: Where it was read; and is as followeth; v

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That aFund of One hundred Sixty-eight thousand Tbree Pounds per Annum, for thirty-two Years, be charged upon,

I (Jo 29° — 31'

upon, and made payable ont of, the several Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, and to be laid upon, all Soap and Paper made in Great , or

imported into the fame; and upon all Silks, Calicoes, Linens, and certain Stuffs printed, painted, stained, or dyed; and upon Bricks, Tiles, Slate, Lime, and Stone, used for Building, or Paving; for raising the Sum of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Lottery.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution; and upon the Resolutions from the Committee of the whole House, that were to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, as the same were agreed unto by this House, the 1 ith, 14th, and 27th, of this Instant: And that Mr.

Conyers, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Thomas Powys, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

Vanhorn- The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for righ’s Eftdte. veiling the Eliate late of Vmhomrigh

Esquire, deceased, lying in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Scotch Union Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who Equivalent. were appointed to examine the general Abbreviate of the Demands upon, and Payments made out of, the Equivalent to the 3d of 1711, and the State of

the Cash of the Equivalent to the 3d of August 1711, be received upon this Day Sevennight, in a full House.

JCewcastle The House proceeded to the Third Reading the in-Ilol>itai°e grofled Bill for the erecting a Corporation for the speedy finishing the Hospital, and establishing, perpetuating, and managing, of the Charity, of the Skippers, and Keelmen of the Town and County of Nezo-castle upon Tyne:

And the Counsel were called in for and against the Bill:

And the Bill was read the Third Time:

And the Petitions against the same were read:

And the Counsel for the several Petitioners, and alfp for the Bill, were heard.

And being withdrawn;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the erecting a Corporation for the speedy finishing the Hospital, and establishing, perpetuating, and managing, of the Charity, of the Skippers and Keelmen of the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne.

Ordered, That Mr. Wrightson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr. Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

Norwich The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act WorkLoufe. for erecting a Workhouse in the City and County of the City of Norwich, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine g Clock.

Martii. A. 1712.

Lunee, 31° die Martii;

Anno ii* Anna: Regin*, 1712.

Prayers.

A BILL for enabling James Griffin Esquire, and Griffin’* Edward Griffin Son and Heir apparent of the said James Griffin, to raise Money to pay the Debts of the said James-, and to make a Settlement for the Benefit of themselves, and their Family; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Ifiam, Mr. Robinson, Mr. WrightfMr. Chetwind, Sir Richard How, Mr. Vincent, Mr. , Mr.

Scobell, Mr. Laughern, Mr. Baylie, Mr. Burslem, Mr.

Manley, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Farrcr, Sir Wm,

Pole, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Bulteel, Colonel Grahme, Mr.

Hampden, Mr. Fifz Williams, Mr. Freman, Sir Robert

Eden, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Hey/ham, Mr Mr.

Croffie, Sir John Walter, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. xoorth, Mr. Berkeley, Sir James Bateman, Mr. Campion,

Mr. Annejley, Mr. Gray, Mr. Randyll, Sir John Wood-house, Mr. Medlycott; and all that serve for the Counties of Leicester and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the better supplying the Town of Boston 150800 in the County of Lincoln, with fresh Water, was read atrrwor a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wynn,

Mr. Fitz Williams, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Colonel

King, Mr. Ward, Sir John Thorold, Mr. Ileysham, Mr.

Gwynn, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Sir Win.

Pole, Sir Robert Eden,.Mr. Hal fey, Mr. Lampton, Sir Just- Isham, Mr. Pazvlctt, Mr. Wrightson, Mr.

Mr. Parker, Mr. Vincent, Champion Sir Tho.

Cave, Mr. Gale, Mr. Braccbridge, Mr. Manley, Sir St. Quintin, Mr. Gape, Mr. Prise, Sir Richard Iloar,

Sir Ja. Montague, Lord Wm.Powletl, Sir Arthur Kay,

Mr. Briftozo, Mr. Shafttoe, the Lord Willoughby, Mr.

Moore, Mr. Baylie, Mr. Montague, Lord Doume, Mr.

Quick, Mr. Cooke-, and all that serve for the Counties of Lincoln and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Robert Eden reported from the Committee, to Manufactur* whom the Petition of the several Manufacturers in of Copper Copper Ore, Lapis Calaminaris, wrought Brass, Bat- t)r*‘ tery, &"c. within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Importers of Brass, and of the Company of Armourers and Brafiers of London-, were referred; That they had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and also had heard the Commissioners of the Customs, pursuant to the Instruc; tion given by the House; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Matter to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee have, in Obedience to the Ordef of the House, examined the Matters thereupon; and find the same as'follows; viz.

That, in pursuance of the Instructinn given to the Committee by the House to hear the Commissioners of the Customs, touching the Matter of the English Manufacturers Petition, the said Commissioners attended the Committee, and presented their Report, in Writing, thereupon, to the Committee; whereby it appears,

That the Method and Usage of collecting the Duties on wrought Brass imported is entered in the Custom-

House under the diilerent Denominations of Black Latten, Metal prepared, and Battery:

That for Seven Years past; viz. from Christmas 1703 , to Christmas 1710; the Imports of those several Commodities amount to;

Of

11 Ann.

Of Battery Of Black Lattin -Metal prepared -

Total imported

31"

C. qrs. lb.

- 19,130 3 22

- 4,896 >4

- 4>744 — 21

28,771 I I

And the Exports during that Time amount to 2,267 c. iqr. 20 lb. viz.

To Africa, of Battery -

To the Eiiglish Plantations *t C. qrs. Battery - - 360 1

Black Lattin - 6 —

Metal prepared 59 1

- C. qrs. lb. 1,841 2 7

lb.

2)

221 425 3 13

Total Exported - 2,267 1 20

That the Duties on Importation of the said several Commodities, during the said s.

Seven Years, have amounted to - 36,148 6 10

And the Drawback allowed on Exportation, to ..... 2,917 11 1

That the Duty of the said Goods imported, and the Drawback upon Exportation, is as follows;

Duty. Drawback. s. d. d.

Battery, per Hundred Weight 1 10 4 - 1 6 oj

Metal prepared, at £.5 for. per C. - - - - 1 — 3-0178

Black Lattin, per C.Weight - — 96-0 86

That the Practice of the Custmn-house Officers in difiiguishing the said Metals appeared, by the said Report, to be thus; viz.

Battery, is raised Kettles or Pans; and is only accounted such when the Mark of the Hammer is apparent on it.

Metal prepared, is black Pans or Kettles, not having the Mark of the Hammer: And,

Black Lattin, is round Bottoms, and Folds of thin Brass.

And the Committee having furamoned Mr. Hard* tvick, and other Land Surveyors of the Customs, to attend them; and being asked, If they knew that Battery had been entered as Metals prepared? Mr. Hardwick said, That he had known Battery was once entered as Metal prepared; and then ’twas (lopped and re-entered: And all the Officers agreed, That they never heard of any Ingots or Lumps of Brass imported as Metal prepared, in their Time, though Hardwick has been an Officer there aibout 30 Years.

Then the Petitioners proceeded to prove the Allegations of their Petitions; and produced several Sorts of black Lattin, Metal prepared, and Battery; and' called several Witnesses to prove the Goodness of their Manufactures; viz.

Leonard Fitz/iue: Who said, He wrought in Copper and Brass for Years: That there is not better Brass than what is made in England, and all made of Materials, enough to supply the whole Kingdom; and is generally better than what is imported from Holland:

That our Brass is now sold at 7 per Hundred W eight; and foreign Brass at £.7 or 1 is. per Hundred:

That Black Lattin may be made into Metal prepared for 12 d.per Hundred Weight, and into perfect Kettles under % s.per Hundred; That Metal prepared is better than Battery y. per C.because the Battery hides the

Flaws and Soldering; and that to make Battery from Black Lattin by the Hand will colt Five Farthings a Pound; but can have it dene at the Brass Mills for 7/h.f>crC. Weight; and that, at Five Farthings per Pound, a Man may earn 1 zjh. per Wqek, Wages.

Vol. 17.

Martii. 161

George Hancock, Mr. Fitzhue's Journeyman, said, ManufUflure Helms raised many Hundred of Kettles from ^0PP«r

Black Lattin; and that his Mailer gives him °re*

Week Wages, and his Diet.

John Sandnm, That lie has been a Worker in Brass above 40 Years in finall Goods, of the fined Sort; and that English Brass will work as well, or better, than the foreign: That Mr. Appleby, a Brafier, sent him a fma II Quantity of English Brass, of the word Sort, to’

make into Wares, and it proved and wrought as well as the foreign.

George Woodruff) a Button-maker, said. Me has used about 5.5 C. Weight of English Black Lattin in making of Buttons; some proved very stood, and some but indifferent: Believes that Dutch Brass is fometlung better than English, it being foi'ter; and that 50 or 60 Tons

of English Brass may be used in a Year, for making Buttons.

JoJ Ballard, Warden of the Brafiers Company, Gabriel Hvhnden, Mailer of the Company lad. Year, and

Edudrd Underwood, said. That they have used English

Battery and Metal prepared; and that they are now as good as foreign, and have so been lor Two Years pad, though not so formerly.

7'ho. Briggs and Jvf. Ballard fa'id, That the Price of

Hutch Brass is fallen ms. per C. Weight, within 10 Years; and that it was sold at £8 los.perC. 10 Years -ago.

Savage Atwood said. That he has received several Letters from Holland, That Black Lattin, Metal prepared, and Battery, are all sold at the same Price there.

Arthur Thomas said, That Batlery, Metal prepared; and Black Lattin, are equal in Cod and Workmanship at the Mills; and that the black and bright Kettles are all wrought alike; and that it does not cod above per C. Weight, to make the Black, bright.

That, to prove the Number of Hands employed in the Copper and Brass Manufactures, and Lcfi'ts fudained before they were brought to perfection,

John Criche produced a Computation of 21,268 Families employed therein; which, reckoning but Three to a Family; viz. Man, Wife, and One Child; make 63,804 Persons; and of £.45*000, expended in Building of Works, and £. 150,000 lod before the said Manufactures were brought to perfection.

Arthur Thomas laid, That the Brass Mills at Bristol, and elsewhere in England, have used above 500 Ions of Copper in the Two lad Years, for making Brass;' and the Two Copper Works there expend above 2,006 Horse Load of Coals in a Week, and the Brass Works about 400: And said, There is Copper and Calamy enough to furnish all the Kingdom with Brass; and that several Hundred Tons of our Calamy have been exported to Holland, and other Places,

That upon the Petitions of the Merchants, Importers of Brass, and the Company of Armourers and Bra- fiers of London, the Petitioners called several Wit-nell'es, to prove the Exportation of English Commodities, in lieu of Brufs from Holland, and the badness of English Brass.

Scott, a Brafier, said, He has imported many Tons of Brass from Holland and Germany, in Return of Copper, Tin, Tobacco, and other English Commodities:

That English Battery, of what he has seen, is very bad; inso much that when he sent Kettles of it made to Virginia, Eight or Nine Years ago, they were much complained of: That once before Christmas lad, and twice since, he has sent his Man to the English Brass Warehouse at Dowgate, to fee if there was any Goods fit for his Purpose; and he returned for Answer. T here was none that he could get any Credit by.

John Apleby said, That he has exported several £1,000 worth of English Woollen Manufactures Leather, Copper, Tin, Her, the Returns whereof, for the-greatest Part, has been Dutch Battery, and Metal prepared; whereof he used to import a great deal when the Duty thereon was low, but not so much now: The

Tt Duty-

3i° Martii. A. 171a.

M«’n»fnctnre Duty is so liip.Ii, that'tis next to a Prohibition; ami of Copper that without it several Traders in Brass mud stand dill;

)r8‘ for that English Brass is so hard, flawy, and scurfy, that

it won’t make several Sorts of Goods as it ought, particularly Duttons: That he never knew any Buttons rpade of English Brafs, till the Czar bespoke some for clothing his Army; and then ’twas, because the Makers could not get enough of the foreign Brass:

That he bought a i,oooo Weight of Brass;

and cannot tell what todowith it, the Workmen saying; ’jfliey had rather stand dill than work it into Wares: That he luppbes many Country Towns with Brass Wares, and within these Two or Three Months, he has received Letters complaining, That if he should fend English Battery, they will return it again: But he fends his Chapmen an Account of which is and which

foreign: That the English is cheaper than the foreign; but thinks 100 Weight of foreign Brass will go farther than 150 of English; and that he will give more than the common Rate to make English Metal prepared, as good as Dutch Battery:

That Seven or Eight Years ago English Brass was as good as now; and then was sold at 8, andj£. 8 ior.

per Hundred: And if there should be no Brass imported, the English Manufacturers may raise theirs to what Price they please.

John Tyncton, Packer, said, For Seven Years past Mr, Appleby, Uasexported several Quantities of the Woollen Manufactures; butcannot say the Returns thereof wcie in Brass: but he has had in his Warehouse several Fats of Brass at a time, imported by Mr.

Richard Patridse, a Brafter and Importer: That he is an Impoiter of Brass from Holland, and employs a great many Persons in working of Brass: That is not so good as foreign by 20 C. Weight:

That, about Two Years ago, he bought, a Ton of BvijiolBrafs, when ’twas at the highest Perfection; and cannot tt !l ' hat to do with it, except cuttingit to Pieces; and now he don’t fee any Improvement, though many Foreigners are employed in their Works:

That English Battery may be exported to the Plantations 3 s.perC. cheaper than Dutch Battery: That Battery', Metal prepared, and Black Lattin, are the same Sort of Brass: and that, in Two Years, lie exported a £. 1,000 worth of Copper, and imported Brass for it. Ten times more Battery than Lattin, or Metal prepared; and has now ready for Importation several Fats, but np Exports in Return of it:

That the Duties on Battery are next to a Prohibition:

It lies him in£. 8 2$. per C. and he fells it at 8 8$. perC. Weight, to Merchants who export it again, and who have the Drawback; and the English Battery fells at £. 7 ptr C. Weight.

Air. Morris, a Merchant: That the English Battery may be exported to AJrica3 id.per C. Weight cheaper than Dutch Battery: That he sent English Battery thither, and it was returned him again, it being not so good as the Dutch: And that he has exported Sugars, Tobacco, and other Plantation Goods, to Holland, for Battery.

Joseph Doxoey, lien. , Edward

and John Taylor, Button-makers, said, That they cannot

make so good Buttons of English Lattin as of the foreign; because ’tis fl.iwy.and harder;and the Work, whendone, is ofteu turned upon the Workmens Hands: And that foreign Lattin is also flawy; but not so much; and cannot dii'tingnish the one from the other, but in the working Part: And that both are of the same Price.

Giles Hunt, a black Brafter, said, he had rather work in foreign Brass for Half-pay, than in English; That he has tried the English within a Month, and was forced to go to the Fire Five times when thrice would have done the like Work in Dutch Brass; and has but the same Pay though twice the Labour; For which iieafoa lie has refused to work EMetal.

EbenezerBriggs, Brazier, said, That he has bought of English Battery, and Metal prepared, within these 12

Months, and his Workmen complained of it; and believes he loll ioj. in the Hundred Weight, by working it, more than if it had been Dutch Brass; for he was forced to folder the Cracks on the Outsides with soft Solder, to put of his Goods; the Nature of the English being hard, the foreign tough: And if the Dutch Brass should be prohibited, the Shopkeepers mull fuller very much in their Trade; because they hire generally the Week, and their Men cannot dispatcli so much Work as now.

/Em. Annifon, Brafter, said, That about Four Months

since, lie wrought in Pots and Saucepans of Brass;

and it was so hard and scurfy, that he would make Two for One, if he had made them in Dutch Brass: That he sent some of the English wrought Goods into the Country, and they were complained of, by Letter; That Dutch Brass will be also sometimes flawy; and cannot distinguish Dutch from English Brass, but in the working it; and the Pay is the same in both.

Mr. Steidies, of Cambridge, Brafter, said, That he

has wrought both English and Dutch Brass; and that the Goods made of English are not woith Shop-room; they are 20 </h.or 30 /h. perC. Weight worse than tiiole

of Dutch Brass:

That he was at the Brass Warehouse at and

there told oneLash, ’twas hard to fee so much Kubbish, that a Man could not find 100 Weight of Brass fit for Ule; yet bought 100 Weight of Lajk: to which Lash replied, You will be giad of such Goods in a little time; for that there would be a further Duty laid on foreign Brass:

That generally English Brass will not work like the foreign, but with twice the Labour; and believes he loses lor. per C. in the working it; for that he hires by the Year; serves the University, and others; but cannot warrant his Goods made of English Metal; he does not deal in bright Brass.

John /Leering, Bi afier, said. That within a Month, he has wrought in English Brass, but bought none these Three Years; and it will not work like Dutch Brass; but will crack and flaw: That the Brass Company don’t call Plates broad enough to make Sconces, and large Candle-flicks, nor none l'mall and thin enough for the Watchmakers; so that, without Dutch Brass, he will be deprived of a great Part of his Trade.

Charles Appleby, Tho. Clevebrbright Drafters, said That they can make 12 Warming-pans of Dutch Brass, in the time he can make Six of English: And that he wrought of English Metal since; there is near

a Peuy in the Pound Difference in Price between them; and the Workmen have the same Pay in each of the Goods; are sold at the same Price when wrought.

Richard Rlijfard said, That, Iaft Week, he bought English Brass at Dowgate, and made it into Warming-pans; which proved so flawy, that he could not fell them, though he picked the Brass out of several Hundred Weight.

Thomas Pen, a bright Brafter, said, That English Brass has proved so bad and flawy that he has thrown it by, and could not work it up; the Jail he bought was at Michaelmas, which was better than the former; but he would never work the English, if he could get foreign.

Thomas Pawley, said, That, about a Year ago, he wrought in English Brass, which if he had followed, it would have ruined his Family; the Price of English or Dutch Brass is the fame.

John Arnold said, That he has wrought in both English and Dutch Brass: That he would rather give aC. more for Dutch than English; but was forced to buy English Six Months ago, because he could get no foreign; and that he paid £. 7 10s. and 7 12s. per C. for Dutch Brass; but lells the Goods wrought up of each at the same Price.

Richard Williams, Mr. Sc Man, said, He has wrought many Hundreds of E Brass Kettles, which were exported, and returned with Complaints of the Badness of them.

That

iiAkist. Vi° Martk. 163

That his Master has lent him to Delegate Warehouse for English Kettles; but he could find few or none fit. for

his Turn; and that there will be sometimes Flaws in foreign Brass; but nothing to what are in the

Edward Brown said, That lately he gave £. 7.io per C. for English Brass, and 7. 12.V. or 14for foreign Brass; and that the English is so flawy, that forae-times a Week’s Work is thereby loft.

John Appleby said. That he has given 8. 5 a Hundred for English Brass, and at the same time fold foreign Brass for £. 8. ios.; and believes nobody can distinguish the one from the other when wrought; and that English Brass is greatly improved in Two i’ears.

John Vanderelfe said. That Dutch Brass is much better to work than the English: That he can make a Tea-Kettle of Dutch Brass in Four Days, which will take him up Six Days of English Brass; and then perhaps not make it perfect at all.

Thomas King, Servant to Mr. Appleby, said. That he has made out several Bills of Parcels for foreign Brass fold for his Master, for a Year pad; and the Prices were, for Battery £. 7. 18^. or 19 s.perWeight, and now for £.7. i6.y.; for Metal prepared and for Black Lattin from 7. to£. 7. 5 per C.: And the Prices always rife and fall in proportion:

That, in November last, he bought 25 C. Weight of Bristol Kettles, at £. 7. 5 s.per C. and then thought them pretty good; but when he came to prove them, and draw them over, he found them not fit for his JVIaf-ter’s Customers.

Capt. Jenkins, a Brass-gilder, said, That English Brass will not take Gilding so well as foreign; for it de-ftroys the Gold itself, and often is not fit for Use;

That he buys his Brass of the Founders; and knows the one from the other in the Working, but not by Sight.

Mr. Geo. Ball said, That he believes Brass was made in England 150 Years ago; the greatest Composition was of German Shruff (which is the Clippings of Brass, or broken Brass), and about One-third of Sivedish Copper, and a Third of Lapis Calamina:And that he be-

lieves Lapis Calaminaris, Shruff, and Copper only, will not make good Brass for a Certainty, but may do so iornetimes; and that by adding another secret Ingredient, which he knows of, and will not cost above izd. per C. Weight, it may be made 10 per C. better than now it is, without using foreign Shruff, and the English Brass be thereby much improved.

Joseph Yv'ejrwood, Founder, said, That he has tried

both the English and Dutch Shruff; and that the Eng-

ijhis not fit for calling into Brass.

That the Brass Manufacturers, by way of Reply, produced several Witnesses, to corroborate their former Evidences; viz.

John Ingram said. That he has wrought in English Black Lattin, for Seven Years together, and has made Eiih-kettles of it; and it works very well, and is as good as the foreign; but both Sorts will not always prove oflikeGoodness; yet the Price is the fume when wrought up.

Joseph Brown said, That he has wrought many Hundred Weight both of English and Dutch Brass; and can make the English into Wares as fall as the Dutch: And produced Two Warming-pans, the one made of the other of English, Metal; and thinks the English Pan to be the belt, though both are of a Price.

Samuel Bright red said, That he has made a great many Kettles and Pots of English Metal prepared, and Battery; and has now several of them as good as need to be used: That lie has bought foreign Brass, which has proved 40 s.per C.Weight worse than at other times;

but both foreign and English Brass are much improved; and the English is now ns good as the Dutch; and finds no Difference in the Dispatch of his Mens W ork; he pays the same Wages for either, and makes for Wholesale and Retail Trade; That he has bought 6oclbs. worth of Dutch Brass in a Y’ear, but now uses Three Vo l. 17.

times more English than Dutch; because his Country Chapmen rather choose the Kettles and Pots made of English Metal.

John Bcyhj said, He has used 80 C. Weight of English Metal prepared in Nine Months time; and it makes as good Kettles, and his Workmen work it as fall as Dutch Brass, which cost £. 7. i6r. per C. Weight; and -

ish 7* 5s’

Edward Underwood said, That foreign Battery is sold at £. 7. 1 os. and £. 7. §s. per C. Weight; and that he bought Half a Ton of it the last Week for£. 7 5?. per C. of one Mr. Pcltzer, one of the Petitioners, a Merchant Importer, for ready Money.

Walter Kent Esquire, said. That, 12 or 13 Years ago, he traded as a Merchant for Holland, and other Places; and exported yearly of the English Woollen Manufactures to the Value of £. 120,000; and never heard, that Battery was used as a Truck Trade therefor them; nor ever had Battery by way of Returns.

Mathias Thcling said. That he has an Uncle living at A ix la Chappell in Germany, from whenefe the foreign

Battery comes, who furnishes the whole Country round about with Woollen Cloths made there, and also the Prince of Nezebourg’s People, cheaper by One-half, or

more, than they can be had from hence.

Then the Petitioners produced a Certificate under the Hand of Mr. Francis Brixey, a Custom-house Officer at Bristol, dated 22 March 1744., and proved by Arthur Thomas; whereby it appeared. That in November 1705, Mr. John Appleby did enter, in the Ship from Rotterdam, several Fats of Metal prepared, and Battery; and, upon Examination of One of the Fats of Metal prepared, the greatest Part appeared to beBalterv; which being seized, upon Mr. s Application to

the Commissioners, they admitted it to an Entry, grati-fying the Officers; and that it has often been practised, to liring over Battery in the Middle of their Fats of Metal prepared, in Prejudice of her Majesty’s Revenue; and that Battery and Metal prepared, being much of one Fabrick, is not easily distinguished one from the other:

As to the aforesaid Certificate, Mr. Appleby owned the Seizing of the Fat; but that he knew nothing of any Battery contained in it, and his Invoice did not mention any such thing: And the Commissioners of the Customs, being satisfied that lie was a fair Trader and meant no Fraud, and his Correspondent not knowing the re was a higher Duty on it, excused the Mistake, upon making the Officers a Gratuity; and that he compounded with them for Fifteen Guineas.

That it appeared also to the Committee, by Certificate from the chief Dealers in Battery, and the working Bra-fiers in Bristol, dated the 24th of March *, which was well proved to the Committee, That the Proprietors of the Brafsand Battery Works in that City, havebrought their Works to such Perfection, that they have been, for many Years past, supplied with Battery, of their own Making, of all Sorts and Sizes, fuilable to the Market, equal in all respects, and above 20J. per C. Weight cheaper than what they were formerly supplied with from Holland, to their own and Customers entire Satisfaction.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the w hole House, who are to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Cajdr, from the Commissioners of the Navy, presented to the House an Estimate of the Charge of the Navy, Victualling, and Ordnance, for Sea Service, for the Year 1712:

And the t itle thereof was read.

And the said Estimate is as followeth;

Navy Office, 27 March 1712.

An Estimate of the Charge of the Navy, Victualling, and Ordnance, for Sea Service, for the Year 1711: Prepared by her Majesty’s Directions in pursuance of the

Address

Manufacture of Copper Ore.

Navy

EstimaU'

Grants by the Crown.

Kind's Lynn Writ.

164 31 Martii.A 1712.

Address from the honourable House of Commons, of the 14th Inilant; computed from the bed Calculation that can be-had of the Number of Men which appear by the Returns of Mullers, and Muller Books, to be borne within the said Year on board her Majesty’s Fleet, at the Rate of £. 4 per Man a Month; with the Estimate

for the Ordinary of the Navy, for that Year;

For 47,591 Men borne by a Me--dium, for the Year, on board her Majesty’s Fleet, at the Rate of £.4 a Man d.

a Month, amounts to the Sum of -2,474,732 — —

For the Ordinary of the Navy, according to the Estimate thereof presented to the honourable House of Commons, for that Year - - 175,890 16 9

Ordered, That Mr. Brifcoe be, for the said Offence, taken into the Cuflody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Secretary St. John reported to the House, That

their Address, of the 24th Inilant, for an Account to be laid before the House of the Monies issued by the Treasurer of the Navy for Prizes and Prisoners taken, which were used to befnpplied out of the Droits, Perquisites, and Tenths, of the Admiralty, hath been present* *d to her Majesty: Also their Address, of the 27 th Inilant, for an Account of what Monies issued the tail Year for the Service of the Navy; when issued; and to what Uses applied t And that her Majesty had beempleased to give Directions to the proper Officers for the said Accounts to be laid before the House.

Total - 2,650,622 16 9

Memorandum: The Medium of Men mullered, for the said Year, amounts but to 44,618.

C. Ccefar, Dan.

Cha. Sergifon, B.

D. Lyddell, Gifford,

E. Lee, Tho.

Geo.

Ordered, That the said Estimate be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Shippen presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to appoint Commissioners, to examine the Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown, since the 13th Day of 1G88; and

upon what Considerations such Grants were made: Aud the same was received.

The House being acquainted. That Mr. Brifcoe. the Messenger attending the Great Seal, attended, according to the Order of Saturday last;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, examined what was become of the Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk: He acquainted the House, That the Writ was tealed the 10th Inilant; and that, Upon the Becommendation of some Gentlemen, who said they knew one Mr. Cremer an Attorney of that Country, to be a very honell Man, and a Man of Bttfinels, who was going down, he delivered the Writ to him the 12th Inilant; who promised to deliver the same to the Sheriff the 17 th; and that it was not intended to be delivered sooner, to avoid the Consulion of having the At sizes and the Election together: That Mr. Cremer had acquainted him, by Letter, That he was to inquire for the High Sheriff at Nonoich, but that he was gone into Cambridgeshire; and that the Under Sheriff was gone into Suffolk: He confessed. That Mr. Cremer was not the Sheriff’s Deputy; that he did not take any Receipt from him for the Writ, as he does not from those he intrulls to deliver Writs to Sheriffs, who are to take Receipts themselves from the Sheriffs.

' And Mr. Brifcoe being withdrawn;

The First Section of the Act of Parliament of the 7th and 8th Year of his late Majesty, for the farther regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the eleding and returning such Members; were read: And also that Part of the Journal of the 2d December 1704, as related to Mr. in another Cafe, was read.

Resolved, That Mr. Robert Brifcoe, having received the Writ for eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk;and having not delivered the same to the pro-

per Officer; is guilty of a Neglect of his Duty, in Prejudice of the said Borough, and of the Right of Elections.

20

Mr. Brydges, Paymaster of her Majesty’s Forces, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, and by her Majesty’s Commands, an Account of the Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds voted last Session of Parliament, for the Service of the War in Spain and Portugal:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning-next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of the Merchants importing Prize Goods from America.

Mr. Farrar, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Trade to Africa, the llesolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read iu his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clcik’s Table: W here the same were read; and are as follow';

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Trade to Africa ought to be free to all Iter Majesty’s Subjects of Great Britain, and the Plantations, in a regulated Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the preferring, better carryingon, and improving, the Trade to Africa, it is necessary, that Forts and Settlements he maintained, and enlarged, on that Coalt.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of maintaining the said Forts and Settlements be borne out of the said Trade.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thai it is necessary the Contracts already made with the Natives be maintained, and other Alliances from time to time made for the Enlargement of the Trade to Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Plantations ought to he supplied with sufficient Quantities of Negroes at reasonable Rates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a considerable Stock is necessary for the carrying on the Trade to Africa to the bed Advantage of her Majesty’s Subjects, and for preserving and improving the same.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is necessary an Export of One hundred thousand Pounds at k-ail, in Merchandise, be annually made from Great Britain to Africa.

The tirll Six of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The lait of the said Resolutions, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Refo-lutions agreed unto by the iloufe; And that Mr

Sir

Ifuies for Naval Service.

Money voted

for War m Spam.

American

Pirizii Goodl.

A frican '1 fade.

Supply.

Sttcecf* Ship.

lord Bel lew* Estate.

Tanhomrigh’s

Estate.

Fifty new Churches.

11 Ann. 3 i° Martii. — 1° Aprilis. 16$

Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Heyfiam, Sir Thomas Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr.

Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refitmed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers repoited from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House, will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue a Clock.

Mart is yi° die Apr His;

Anno u* Ann® Reginae, 1712.

Prayers.

ABI LL for making the Ship Success a free Ship, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Whit cloche. Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Fre-man, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Winstanley, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Coventry, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Ward, Mr. Cholmondley, Mr. Duncomb, Lord Lyon, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Bruere, Mr. Smith, Mr. Quick, Mr. Haney, Mr. Gale, Mr. Morice, Sir Edward Ernie, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Mead, Mr. Murray, Mr. Prifc, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Clark, Mr. Berners, Sir Tho. Powys, Mr. Medlycott Mr. Annefey, Mr. Wrightson, Mr, Middleton, Lord Win. Powlett, Mr. Burfem, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Anflis, Captain Dyott, Mr. Aldworlh, Mr. Bridges, Dr. Pajk, Mr. Levingfton, Mr. Yeoman: And they are to meet

this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Rill for enlarging the Time for the Sale of Part of the Estate of the Right honourable Richard Lord Bellew, veiled in Trustees by an Act of Parliament lately passed in the Kingdom of Ireland, was read a Second time.

ife/e/ced. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Annes-ley, Mr. Burslem, Mr. Medlycot, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Shafto, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Smith, Mr. Aldworth, Captain Dyott, Mr. Murray, Mr. Freman, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Cholmondley, Mr. Ward, Mr. Wrightson, Sir Tho. Poivys, Mr. Blackmore, Sir Arth. Kay, Mr. Prise, Mr. Vernon, Admiral Aylmer, Mr. Robinson, Sir John Thorold, Mr. Bruce, Mr. Mountague, Sir Edward

Gower, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Fitz Williams, Mr. Winstanley, Sir Robert Davers, Captain Burgh, Mr. Ferrier, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. 'Duncomb, Sir John Norris, Mr. Coventry, Sir Hu. Mr. Grey,

Mr. Cockrdn, Mr. Yeaman: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inveiling the Estate late of Bartholomew Vanhomrigh Esquire, deceased, lying in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Owners, Proprietors, and Inhabitants, of Houses and Lands in Great Lincolns-Inn Vol. 17,

Fieldsv was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of several Houses in, and great Part of the Soil of, the said Fields: That in case the Bill relating to the Erecting of Fifty new Churches should pass as it now hands, there being a Clause for erecting One of them in the Centre of the said Fields, it will he a great Prejudice to the Petitioners: And praying to be heard, by their Couufel, against the said Clause.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Time given to the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an Act, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties on Coals, for building of Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof; and other Purposes therein mentioned: and also lor giving the said Commissioners farther Powers, for better effecting the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; was committed; shall be received: And that the Petitioners be heard then, by their Connfel, upon their Petition.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the Supply, whole House, who were to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Twenty-eight thousand Nine hundred and Fifty-six Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted" to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty’s Proportion of Subsidies payable to the Allies, pursuant to Treaties, for the Service of the Year 1712.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of transporting Land Forces, for the Service of the Year 1712.

Resolved, That-it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Eighty-nine thousand Eight hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to, her Majesty, to make good the Deficiencies of the Grants, for the Year 1711.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Vaughan have Leave to Leave of go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordi- Absenc*. nary Occasions.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Growth of night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Popery. House, upon the Bill to hinder the farther Growth of Popery, by more effectually preventing the foreign Education of Children of Popish Parents; and enforcing the Laws against Popery.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Douglas' whom the Petition of Sir William Douglas, Lieutenant Claim on General of her Majesty’s Forces, was referred, be re- luivul«nt. ceived upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Greenwich whole House, to whom the Bill for the collecting and Hoipiul. recovering the Duties granted for the better Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for the farther Benefit thereof; was committed; be received upon this Da}' Sevennight.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Church whole House, upon the Bill to restore the Patrons to their ancient Rights of presenting Ministers to the Churches 11

vacant in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

V u Mr.

166

i® — 2° ApriUs. A. 1712.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed, That a Difference was in the Committee, who should take the Chair of the Committee;

Ordered, That Mr. Murray do take the Chair of the Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Murray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Murray reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they have directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Cothurst Ordered, That Mr. Quick, Mr. Prise, Mr.

lUiory. Mr, Burslem, Mr. Erie, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Pit, Sir Hugh Pa terson, Mr. , Mr. Carnegie, Lord

L\yon, Mr. Sliakerly, be added to the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ascertaining and establishing the Glebe Lands, Tythes, and other Profits, of the Rectory of in the County of Bucks, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 2° die j

Anno 11* Anns Reginae, 1712.

Prayers,

Palmer* A PE TITION of Geffrey Palmer and Robert Palmer Estate. A Esquires, was presented, to the House, and read;

setting forth. That the Petitioners, together with the Pe* titkmer Geoffrey's Wife Elizabeth, by Lease, dated the 10th of June 1709, and a Fine thereon, granted a Term of 21 Years of Part of the Manor of Cur Hew,

in Leicestershire, to Trustees, for Payment of the Petitioner Geoffrey's Debts: That the Petitioners being only Tenants for Life, an Act of Parliament was passed for confirming the said Lease: That the Trustees have accordingly raised and applied some Monies out of the said Trull: But, the Petitioners finding the Residue will not be fuilicient to answer the Purposes intended, the Petitioners have grauted a further Term of 12 Years, after the Expiration of the said Term of 21 Years; and also have leased the Residue of the said Manor of Carle ton Curlieiv for the Term of 31 Years: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to confirm the Lease aforesaid, for satisfying the Petitioner Geoffrey's Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Winftantey, Brigadier General and Sir

Thomas Cave, do prepare, and bring in, the some.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr. Fellowes:

Mr. Speaker,

Duloe The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Vicarage. making a perpetual Augmentation to the Vicarage of Duloe, in the County of out of the Tythes and

Profits of the Rectory of To which they desire

the Concurrence of this House, Also,

Woollen The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act -'Ianlllljclure for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Wool-cioib. leu Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; without Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Scotrh A Bill to prevent Abuses in making Linen Cloth; and

l.nion. regulating the Lengths, Breadths, and equal Sorting of

Yarn, for each Piece made in Scotland; and for whitening the some; was read a Seoond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.. Yeaman,

Mr. Mcdlycot, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Carnegie, Mr. Ogle-

thorp, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Windsor, Lord Lyon, Mr. Murray, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Baylie, Mr. Conyers, Sir David Dalrymple, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Cockran, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Cook, Mr. Fcrrier,

Sir Alexander Cuming, Mr. Gott, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr.

Jones, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Brigstock, Mr. Sir Robert Davers, Lord Win. Powlett, Sir Richard

Mr. Smith, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Powlett, Mr.

Mr. Eversfield, Sir Tho. Johnfoii, Mr. Freman-, and all

that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Duloe making a, perpetual Augmentation to the Vicarage of Vicaiu-t. Duloe, in the County of Cornwal, out of the Tythes and Profits of the Rectory of Duloe, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing a Clause in the Statute L:w* made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King > James the First, which makes Descriptions of Bankrupts,

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the Act shall not extend to any Person against whom a Commission of Bankrupt has already blued, or to the Estate or Effects of such Person:

And the same was once read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for repealing a Clause in the Statute, made in the 21st Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the farther Description of a Bankrupt; and Relief of Creditors against such as foal I become Bankrupts; and for iuflifting corporal Punifiiraent upon the Bankrupts in some special Cafes; which makes Descriptions of Bankrupts: and for the Explanation of the Laws relating to Bankruptcy in case of Partnerfltip.

Ordered, That Sir William Withers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed toconsider Ditto, the Laws relating to Bankrupts 5 and to report their Opinion to the House, what Alterations may be proper to be made in the fame:

And it is referred to Mr. Manley, Mr. Fcrrier, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. Bertie, Sir Win. Whitclocke, Mr. ltudge, Mr. Vincent, Sir Ja. Bateman, Mr. Wynn, Mr.

Ahhcorth, Mr. Moor, Mr, Brigstock, Mr. Colonel Child, Sir Win. Pole, Lord Mr.

Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Amejley, Mr. Freman, Mr. Croffc,

Mr. Windsor, Mr, England, Mr, Smith, Sir Richard

Onslow, Mr, Farrer, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Serjeant Richardson, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Hey/ham,

Mr. Shacker/ey, Colonel Cafs, Mr. , Air.

Hampden, Mr. Hopkins, Mr, Powlett, Mr. Lockhart,

Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Carnegie, Sir Fra.

Child, Sir Henry Furnefe, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr.

man, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Finch, Mr. Conyers, Air.

Johnson, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Wrightson,

Sir Hum. Mackxoorth, Sir Robert; and all the

Merchants of the House; and all the Gentlemen of tho Ix>ng Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Colonel Richard Lieutenant Marine

Colonel Walter Palliffer, Lieutenant Colonel Leras de l’ay Amin.

Sidiere, Major Henry Bradfltaigh, Major Kemp,

Officers in the Marine Service, and Richard Esquire, and Margaret his Wife, Administratix of Captain Henry Marshall, late also an Officer in the Marine

Service, now deceased, ou behalf of themselves, and great

Numbers

Privilege.

11 Ann. s* Apritis. 167

Numbers of other Officers in the Six Regiments of Marines, and the Widows, Orphans, and other Representatives, of several of such Officers, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Sum of £.6,798 ©s. 1 \d. is due to the Petitioners, and other Officers of Marines, for Quarter Respites, from 2.5 December 1703 to the 24 June 1706; and was, by Warrant, of the ill of May 1708, ordered to be paid and discharged: That, at that time, there was in the Hands of Walter Whitfield Esquire, Paymaster to the said Regiments, the exact Sum due, as aforesaid: and he ought then to have applied the same to the Discharge of the Petitioners; but, instead thereof, he hath ever since kept the same in his Hands, and now pretends he will pay back the same to the Government: And praying the Confide-Vation of the House; and to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Belafyfe, Mr. Burslem, Colonel King, Mr. Mead, Mr. Foley, Lord Harley, Sir Roger Brad/haigh, Sir Fra. Warr, Mr. Moncklon, Mr.

Manaion, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Sir Richard

Hoar, Mr. Secretary St. John, Sir Richard Onslow, Colonel Grahme, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Trevanion, Mr. Vincent, Sir Roger Mr.

Forfier, Mr. Manley, Mr. Conyers, Sir Robert Eden, [Mr. Gwyjm, Mr. Heysham, Sir Wm. Whitclocke, Mr.

Bradshaigh, Mr. Freman, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Brig-flock, Sir Wm. St.Quintin, Mr. Prise, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Duncomb, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Dockminique, Mr.

Gery, Mr. Shutllczcorth, Mr. Auditor Harley, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Pat. Johnston, Sir Hen. Hoghton, Sir Dio. Johnson, Mr. Campion, Sir Tho. Lee, Lord Wm.Powlett. Sir Arth. Kay, Mr. Mr. On-

flow, Mr. Auditor Manwaring, Mr. Quick, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Wm. Robinson, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Mr. Gwydolt: And they are to meet this Afternoou, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Mr. Freman reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the Petition of John Sandes Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and Elizabeth their Daughter, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Report, and Resolution, were read; and are as follow; viz.

LTpon the Petition of John Sandes, Esquire and Elizabeth his Wife, and Elizabeth their Daughter* praying. That Arthur Moor Esquire, a Member of this House, may wave his Privilege, ft) that they may have Leave to proceed against him, touching their Demands therein mentioned:

That the Petitioners Counsel produced several Writings; viz.

Dat. 24 June 1710, a Deed of Alignment made between the Petitioners, their Trustees, Mr. Moor, and Sir James WiJhart:

Wherein it is recited, That an Act of Parliament passed in the 3d and 4th Year of the Queen, for Sale of Part of Mr. Sandes' Estate therein mentioned, being Part Freehold, and Part Copyhold, except among other Premises therein excepted, the great thatched Barn, and Killefles to it, for Payment of his Debts,

' and raising a Portion for his Daughter, unto Mr. Moor, pursuant to Agreement for that Purpose, for £.6,116 5 s.8 d.Purchase-money; which was to be thus paid and applied; viz. a Debt 0^.3,300, and Interest, owing

by Mr. Sandes to Mr. Henry Raper, upon a Mortgage of the said Estate, to be paid in the First Place; and

2,000 during Mr. Sandes' Life* if his said Wife or augbter should so long live, to remain in Mr. Moor's Vet, 17,

Hands, charged on the Premises, to be paid, with Interest at Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum, to the Trustees, upon Trust, that they should, during the joint Lives of Mr. Sandes and his Wife, pay to his said Wife £.40 yearly, for her separate Use, and the Residue of the Interest of the £.2,000 to Mr. Sandes, or his Assigns; and after his decease, the £.2,000 Principal, together with all interest from thenceforth to grow due for the lame, to the said Elizabeth the Daughter; and if Ihe died before tier Father, then the £.2,000 and Interest, as aforesaid, to be paid to Elizabeth the Wife, if Ihe survived him; but if Mr. Sandes survived both his Daughter and Wife, the £.2,000 to be paid to him, and the Residue of the Purchase-maney to be paid to Mr. Sandes: And

That by the Deeds of the 17th and 18th of June 1706, a Sale was made, accordingly, of the said Estate, to Mr. Moor, pursuant to the said Act, subject to a Term of 500 Years, raised on the Freehold Estate, for charging the said £.2,000 and Interest, to be paid for the Petitioners Benefit, as aforesaid*

That a Decree in Chancery was made the 15th of February 1709, by Consent, That Mr. Moor should, out of the £.2,000 in his Hands, pay £.800 to Elizabeth Sandes the Daughter; £.600 to the Mo-

ther’s Trustees, for Iter separate Use; and the remaining £.600 to Mr. Sandes; and thereupon the 500 Years

Term to be assigned to Mr. Moor, or as he should di-rest; and the Interest of the £.2,000 to be divided amongst the Petitioners, from the Date of the said Decree, according . their said Proportions in the Principal: And it is witnessed by the said Deed of Assignment, That, in pursuance of, and Obedience lo, the said Decree, and in Consideration of £.600, Part of the said £.2,000 to Mr. Sandes, and £.600 more to the Trustees for Elizabeth Sandes the Mother, and £.800 Residue of the £.2,000, to Elizabeth the Daughter, mentioned to be paid by Sir James WiJhart, the Freehold Premises are conveyed lo Sir James WiJhart, for the Remainder of the said 500 Years Term, under a Proviso for Re-conveyanoe to Mr. Moor, his Heirs and Assigns, on his or their Payment of £.50, upon the 25th of December 1710, and £.2,500 upon the 25th of June 1711, to Sir James WiJhart, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns.

24 June 1710, an Indenture made between Sir James

WiJhart, and Mr. Sandes, and his Wife and Daughter, and their Trustees, reciting the said Decree and Deed of Assignment to Sir James WiJhart; and that, notwithstanding Receipts were given for the Two £.600, and she said£.8oo, yet no more of those Sums wereactually paid, but only £.600 to Mr. John Sandes: and the other £.600 in Trust for the Mother, and £.800 for the Daughter, were not paid, but agreed to remain upon the same Security, for One Year, in Sir James Name.

.. Now Sir James Wjfhart declares. His Name is used in the said Deed of Assignment as to the last mentioned £«6oo and its Interest, in Trust for the separate Use and Benefit of Elizabeth Sandes the Mother; and as to the £.800 and its Interest, in Trust for Elizabeth Sandes the Daughter.

7 January 17 ro, Sir James WiJhart' % Letter of Attorney to Mr. Richard Turner, to receive to his Use, from Mr. Moore, the Arrears, and growing Interest, of the said £.2,000.

18 January 1710, Sir Ja. Letter to Mr.

Turner, directing him to pay the Interest for £.600 of the Money to Mrs. Sandes the Wife, and the Interest for £.800 to Mrs. Sandes the Daughter; which Sums are in his Name; in Trust for them. And,

That the Petitioners Counsel called,

Mr. Richard Turner: Who said. That when Sir James Wifhart's Declaration of Trust was executed, Mr. Moor, had no Notice of it: but, m January 1710, the Witness {hewed him that Declaration of Trust, and also Sir James Wifhart's- Letter of Attorney to the Witness, to receive the Interest-mooey; and demanded the Interest-

money

68

a0 — 3° Aprilis.

A.

171a.

rrivi!cSe. money of him: Whereupon.Mr. Moot raid, in a Passion, if he had known this, he would not have consented to the Decree, to be plagued with these necessitous People: That he would not pay Interest but to Sir James Wijhart, for Reasons belt known to himself; and

that when the Principal Money became due, he would pay it:

That when the Sandes talked of petitioning this House against Mr. Moor, he sent for the Witness to the -

pill, and told him, the Sandes were a necessitous, and a troublesome, and clamorous. People, and made him and Colonel Dalzell uneasy; and that he would get rid of them: And, in order to transfer their Mortgage, he offered the Witness a Gratuity to get him the Money upon Government Security; and said, He would also apply to Mr. How his Counsel, who drew the Deed, to help him to it; and that he would pay them the whole Money. That Mr. Moor's Counsel examined Witnesses;

Mr. Edward Stracey said. That Mr. Moor had a Debt of £.3,000 upon the Estate; and, no Interest being paid for Three Years, he brought Kje&ments; and afterwards received the Money, upon an Hour’s Warning: That, the Estate being to be sold, he gave about 25 Years Purchase for the Freehold, and 22 for the Copy-hold: That Two several Acts of Parliament was had as neccfliiry to the Purchase, by reason aTrustee,

died, and left Infants: And Two Sets of Purchase-deeds were prepared; the trail facing the Purchase took up Two Years in time; the Writings were very long; and Mr. Moor, of his own Accord, paid the Charge of them, which amounted to above £.40; and Mr, Sandes, and his Wife, appeared to be satisfied in the Purchase.

ThatMr. jl/oor’sCounfel produced IheReceipts given for the Interest of the said £.2,000; by which it appears, the Interest for that Money, due from Lady-day 1706 to Midsummer 1710, except £.65, was duly paid to Mr.

Sandes, or the Trustee, for his Wife and Daughter: And That the 14th March 1710, Mr. Moor lent Mrs. Sandes, the Daughter, £.10 upon her Note, for Repayment on Demand; and the 16th of following, flie received £.10 more of him:

That Mr. Moor, the 20th of May 1711, paid Sir James Wijhart £.50 for Half a Year's Interest due to him at Christmasbefore; and, 15 February 1711, Mr.

Moor paid Colonel Dalze£.100 for a Year’s Interest due at Christmas: And

John Netmaker said. That Mr. Moor declined paying the £.65 Arrears of Interest, because there was £.65 due to him from the Sandes, and he could not get it.

Colouel Robert Dalzell said. That Sir James Wijhart assigned the £.2,000 Mortgage to him, as a Security for £.600, and told him of the Declaration of Trust he had given for the Sandes: That this Assignment was made subject to that Trust: That he has received Interest for the whole£.2,000; he gave Mr. Moor his own Time to pay it; and that, upon his first coming to Town, Mr.

Moor sent him Word he might receive the Interest when he would; And the Witness said, He is to distribute the Money according to Sir James Wijhart'& Declaration of Trust, which he looks upon to be binding to him; and that lie always told Mr. Moor, £.1,500 belonged to him.

Mr. Robert Meefe said. That he is Mr. Moor's Attorney; has been concerned for him 14 or 14 Years; and that he never flood upon Privilege: That he gave him Orders, from time to time, to appear for him in any Suit| the Sandes had against him; and in April lait he had a Letter from Mr. Moor containing such an Order; with which lie acquainted Mr. Ashlon, their Attorney, and tendered him an Appearance.

That the Petitioners Counsel called,

Mr. Joseph Ashton: Who said Mr. Sandes desired him to sue Mr. Moor for £.65 due to him for Rent of his Cam, and Arrears of Interest; and told him, Mr. Moor had ordered Mr. Meefe, his Attorney, to appear for him: Upon his going to Mr. in last,

Mr. Meefe acquainted the Witness with his Order to appear for Mr. Moor to the s Action; and that he

was ready to do it: The Witness telling him it was a

Matter of Trust, and the Suit must be in Equity; Mr. Meefe answered, He had nothing to say to that; Mr. Moor employed another in his Chancery Affairs;

The Witness said, He durst not proceed against Mr. Moor without a Waver of Privilege under his Hand, or before Witnesses:

That ’tis disputed which Barn belongs to Ur.Sandes; whether the great Barn, which is mentioned to be excepted in Mr. Moor's Purchase-deed, and which is claimed by Mr. Sandes, though it Hands next Mr. Moor's Farm-house; or a lesser Barn, which stands nearer to Mr. Sandes’ House than the other: That this Matter was, last Summer, under reference; and the Witness persuaded Mr. Sandes not to petition against Mr. Moor's Privilege the last Session, as he intended:

This Witness, being further examined, said. He had no Orders to proceed against Mr. Moor, between the End of the last Session of Parliament, and the Beginning of this: That nothing was demanded from him but £.65 for Rent of the Barn, and Arrears of Interest accrued before the Assignment to Sir James Wijhart; and that Mr. Moor claimed £.65 to be due to him from the Sandes, for a Fine he paid, which was due from them to the Lord of the Manor.

That he never applied to Mr. Moor, nor to Mr. Coltyer, who, he has heard, is concerned for him in Chancery, that Mr. A/oorfliould wave his Privilege in that Court: But Mr, Sandes tofd him, He had asked Mr. Moor so to do;

ThatMr. Moor consented to the Decree in 1709, and the Witness afled for him, and Mr. Sandes, in that Suit; the Cause being by Consent.

And that the Committee came to this Resolution.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Petition is frivolous and vexatious.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,. the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the said Petition is frivolous and vexatious;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

£ Sir Roger Bradshaigh,

Tellers for the Yeas,* it % er*

( Mr.

ion:

104.

Tellers fortbeNoe

So it passed in the Negative.

125.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means lor railing the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to restore the Patrons to their ancient Rights of presenting Ministers to the Churches vacant in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was referred, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

JoviSt 3° die Aprilis;

Anno ii* Annas Regin*, 171*.

Prayers.

MR. Winstanleypresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for confirming a Lease made by Geoffrey Palmer and Robert Palmer Esquires, lor a farther Provision for Payment of the Debts of the said Geoffrey Palmer: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Edward Southwell, Esquire to grant certain 14 Houses

Ways and Means*

Church Presentations u Scotland.

Palmar*®

Estate.

South weir* Elute.

it Ann. 3° Aprilis. i 60

Houses and Lands in the County of Gloucester to Joshua Franklyn, of Bristol, Merchant, for a Term of Years,

in order to the better Improvement thereof, and of other adjacent Lands of the said Edward was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Davers, Mr.. Ferrier, Mr. Fox, General Farrington,

Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. , Mr. Bene, Mr.

Cross, Mr.' Hart, Mr. Goddard, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Wild, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Flumptree, Mr.

Duncomb, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Smith, Mr. Cotton, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Fielding, Mr. Mr. Shuttle-

worth, Mr. Finch, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Yeoman, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Sir Roger

Bradjhow, Mr. Etterick, Mr. Harvey, Captain Burgh, Mr. Bradjhaxv, Mr. Topham, Mr. Berkley; and all serve for the Counties of Gloucester and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Remittances Mr. Fox presented to the House, pursuant to their l° ah to her Majesty, and by her Majesty’s Com-

111 orlu® mands, an Account of all Monies remitted to Holland and Portugal, from Christmas 1702 to 1705, for the Service of her Majesty’s Forces, &c.:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

Kgerton’s The Lord William Powlett reported from the Com-

Ffhte. mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Manor of alias Agerjley, and Marchington, and fevt ral Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of for Payment

of the Mortgage-monies charged thereon, and other the Debts of the honourable Charles Egerton Esquire, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confcnts to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Powell'* A Petition of John Powell, of London, Merchant, was Right of presented to the House, and read; fetfing forth. That Tnide. by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Year 1698, a free Trade to the East was for ever granted to

the Contributors, of which the Petitioner was One, of the Sum of Two millions, unless redeemed by Repayment thereof by Parliament: That the Petitioner, for several Years, traded separately; but the United Stock Company have not only denied him the Benefit thereof but have also demanded his Stock, at One Hundred Pounds per Cent.: That, upon advancing a further Sum of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, the United Stock Company have gained a longer Term for that Trade: That the Petitioner offered to pay his Proportion thereto; but was refused: That, since the passing the last Act, the Company have bought up all the separate Stock, except the Petitioner’s, and £500 more: That the Petitioner hath offered them his Stock, upon the same Terms: And praying. That his Right of Trade according to the First Act, may be preserved to him, and he be admitted to pay his Proportion of the said £. 1,200,000, with Interest, from the Time the Company lent their Money, or be otherwise relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House: And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Swift, Mr. Cot-

ton, Sir David Dalrymple, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Smith, Mr. Hart, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hern, Mr. Hysham, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bene, Mr. Finch, Mr. Vernon, Sir Ro. Eden, Sir Ro. Davers, Mr. Duncomb, Sir Nic. Morice, Mr. Shaf-toe, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Moor, Mr. Mr.

Vol. 17.

Mr. Choune, Mr. Fox, Mr. Bertie, Sir Richard Onslow,

Mr. Brigstock, Mr. Freman, Mr. Ro Mr. Campion, Sir Tito. Johnson, Mr. England, Mr.

Shackerley, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Bailey, Mr. Hey-fhatn, Mr. Laxofon, Mr. Lampion, Mr. Blanch, Mr.

Millington, Mr. Mead, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Levingfone,

Mr* Plumptree, Mr. Wilson, Sir Arth. Kay, Mr. Coats-xoorth, Mr. Herne, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Gould, Mr.

Brure, Sir Geo. Mathewes, Mr. Ash, Sir Pair. Johnson,

Mr. Windsor, Mr. Gery, Mr. Bur ridge, Mr. Thompson,

Mr. Rudge, Mr. Child, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Earl, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Hungerford, Colonel Stanley, Mr. Quick, Colonel Codrington, Sir Edward Ernie, Sir Tho. Cole/)eper, Mr. Renda, Mr. Yeoman,

Mr. Burslem: And- they are to meet at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House proceeded to take into Considerationthe Norwich Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Workhcafev. An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the City and County of the City of Norxoich, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as follows; viz.

" Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall " extend, or be construed to extend, to charge all or any of the present Members of the Walloon, or French,

and Dutch, Congregations in the said City of Norwichand County of the fame, or such Aliens who

" who shall hereafter become Members of the said Congregations, with any Payment or Payments, Sum or Sums of Money, for or towards the building, erect ing,

"repairing, or amending, the Work-house or Work- houses intended to be erected and built by virtue of " this Act; nor to the Railing or Paying of any Sum " or Sums of Money for or towards the Maintenance or " Relief of the Poor of any Parish in the said City and " County of the City of Norxoich, other than and except " to the Poor of the respective Parishes where they respectively dwell; and that for and in respect only of . " the House or Houses, and Ground they dwell in and " occupy, in such respective Parishes.

" Provided nevertheless, That the said Members of " the Walloon, or French, and Dutch, Congregations,

from time to time, for ever hereafter, do, with other " their Stocks, Estates, and Values, provide for and maintain the Poor of their own respective Congregations, as hath been heretofore accustomed; so that " such Poor do not, or shall not, be or become chargeable to the respective Parishes where they dwell in the said City and County."

Ordered, That Mr. Ferrier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Mr. Murray, according to Order, reported from the Church Pre-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to re- Mentations in store the Patrons to their ancient Rights of presenting Scotland* Ministers to the Churches vacant in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House-; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Cleric’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then aSecond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was oft'ered, to be added to the Bill, That Persons who have not already taken the Oaths shall be obliged, upon the signing any Presentation, to takethe fame; and, upon Refusal, the Right of presenting to be veiled in her Majesty:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Pan of the Bill.

X x Another

Elections. —

fraudulently

multiplying,

Votes,

Call of the House.

Publication of Libels.

Fifty new Churches.

Norill fleet ltoad.

Ore vile’s Ertate.

3° — 4®

170

Another Cl&ufe was offered to be added to the Bill, That Persons known or suspected to be Papists, having a Right to present, shall, upon the Signing of his Prefen tation, be obliged to sign the Formula contained in the Third Act of the Parliament of Scotland, held in the Year 1700, for preventing the Growth of Popery; and upon Refusal thereof, the Right of presenting to be veiled in her Majesty:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day heing read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for more effectually preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cholmondley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cholmondley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon next,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of her Majesty’s Message to the House, the 17th of January last, which relates to the great Licence taken in publishing false and scandalous Libels.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Time given to the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an Act, intituled An Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties on Coals, for building of Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London ana Westminster, and Suburbs thereof; and other Purposes therein mentioned; and also for giving the said Commissioners farther Powers, for better effecting the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; was committed; be received upon this Day Sevennight, at Twleve a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vmerit) 40 d

Anno 11* Annas Regins, 1712.

Praters.

MR. Hart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the Road betwixt Gravesend,

and Rochester, in the County of Kent: And the lame

was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the honourable Algernon Grevile Esquire, to make a Settlement of his Estates in the several Counties . of York and Warwick, pursuant to Agreements made by him on his Marriage with the honourable Mary Ssmerfett his now Wife, was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Jones, Mr. Harris, Mr. Windsor, Lord Wm. Rowlett, Mr. Forfier, Mr. Foley, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Jefferyes, Sir Wm. Pole, Mr. Bertie,

A. 171a.

Mr. Wilson, Sir John Wooihouse, Mr. , Mr. Gott,

Mr. Gwynn, Sir Hu. Paterson, Mr. Hide, Sir Jacob

Ashley, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Bracebrid Mr. Shqfloe, Mr. Freman, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Ward, Mr. Lloyd, Mr.

Serjeant Richardson, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Aldioorth,

Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Currance, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr.

Mr. Wykes, Sir JVm. Whitelock, Mr. Medlycot, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Pit, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Smith, Mr. Cotes,

Mr. Prise, Sir Pat. Johnflon, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Herbert, Mr . Eversfield, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Heyftiam, Mr.

Nicholas, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Cholmondley, Mr.

Mr. Brigstock, Sir Copleston Barrfield, Sir Richard Onslow, Captain Dyott, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Tho. Cave,

Mr. Sharp, Colonel Grahme; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Warwick and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five o’Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Cholmondley, according to Order, reported from Elections. — the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for fra"Hu'er'll;’ more effectually preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in votes! °* order to multiply Votes for electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for saving to the Quakers the Right of voting during the Continuance of the Act.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUe« for the Yeas, {1£; } 6o-

Tellers for the Noes, Cota': f6*

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Billi with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Ways and Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Mean*. Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Colonel Codrington, Mr. Smithson, Sir Pulllie Ed. Stradling, Mr. Burgh, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bertie, Sir

Wm. Pole, Mr. Fairer, Mr. Anftis, Sir Bo. be added to the Committee, to whom the Account shewing how much of the Sum of £35,302,187 18^. q of the Money granted by Parliament, and issued for the Publick Service to Christmas 1710; which appeared to remain unaccounted for the last Session of Parliament; has been since accounted for, before the Auditors of the Imprefts; and by whom, and when; and what Ob-. structions have risen in accounting for the fame; is referred to examine the fame.

Ordered,

11 Ann. 4* — 5

Mai me Pay Ordered, That Sir Tho, , Sir Brian Stapleton,

Arrean. \fr> Gale, Mr. Renda, Mr. M unday, Mr. Mr.

Curzon, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Mr. be

added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Richard Cobham, Lieutenant Colonel Walter Palijfer, Lieutenant Colonel Lewis d'Sidier, Major Henry Brad/kaigh, Major Robert Kemp, Officers in the Marine Service, and Richard , Esquire, and

Margaret his Wife, Administratrix of Captain Henry Marshall, late also an Officer in the Marine Service, now deceased, on behalf of themselves, and great Numbers of other Officers in the Six Regiments of Marines, and the Widows and Orphans, and other Representatives, of several of such Officers, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatiy 5* die Aprtlis;

Anno 11* Anns Reginas, 1712.

Pa AT E RS.

Sucre flit OIR Wm. Whitelocke reported from the Committee,

Ship. O to whom the Bill for making the Ship a free

Ship, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Gothurst Colonel Drake reported from the Committee, to whom

itectury. the ingrossi.d Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ascertaining and establishing the Glebe Land, Tythes, and other Profits, of the Rectory of , in the County of Bucks, was committed. That they had exa>-

tnined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. , and

Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

Hill'* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Elute. Sale of Part of the Estate late of Edward Hill, Esquire, deceased, in Orton and Rowel, in the County of Northampton, for the discharging several Incumbrances thereupon, and the Performance of the last Will of the said Edward Hill; and for the Settling of other Lands and Tenements in Roicel aforesaid, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Bromfair* And have also passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Estate. enable Owen Thomas Bromfall Gentleman, to fell divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Bedford, for the Purposes therein mentioned: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Content And the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Galley. Act to make free the Content Galley, a running Ship, taken from the French, and condemned as Prize, without Amendment:

Pake’s Debt And have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to 10 the Crow*, explain an Act, made in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with the Sureties of Samuel Pacey, deceased, late Receiver General for the County of Suffolk;so far as it relates to Joseph Pake, One of the said Sureties, without Amendment:

Minehead And also have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Harbour, for prolonging the Term for Payment of certain Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of his late Majesty King intituled. An

V01. 17.

Act for recovering, (ecurtng, and keeping m Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Codrington reported from the Committee, to Avonttavfc whom the Bill for making the River Avon, in the Coun-> gation-ties of Somerset and Gloucester, navigable from the City of Bath to or near Hanham's Milks, was committed.

That they had considered, and heard Counsel upon, such of the Petitions to them referred as were brought before them; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were Once read thoughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That if the Undertakers should not repair the Locks within a certain Time atter Notice given of the Want thereof, that then the Proprietors or Possessors of the Wears, or Mills next to such Locks out of Repair, might repair the fame; and the Commissioners might assess the Undertakers to pay to such Proprietors or Possessors all such Sums as shall be so necessarily expended:

And the Dune was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Anthony Hall, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That at the late e ,0"‘ Election for a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Durham, the Petitioner and Robert Shqftoe, Esquire, flood Candidates; and the Petitioner was duly elected; but great Numbers of Persons receiving Alms, and Persons influenced by Bribery, and other illegal Practices of Mr. Shqftoe, and his Agents, being permitted to vote, gained Mr. Shafloe a finall Majority; by means whereof he got himself returned; to the Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House; and to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of William Nicholas, Esquire, in his own Griffin’* Right, and as Executor of ope Henry Coape, deceased, Eftat*. and Trustee for his Children; and also of Peter Lombard Gentleman; Creditors of Edward late Lord Griffin, by Mortgage and Judgment; was presented to the House; and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, and the said Henry Coape, lent to the late Lord Griffin £.2,761. 14s. tod. upon a Mortgage of an Estate in Dingley, in the County of Northampton, of which the Lord Griffin averred himself to be seised in Fee: That it since appears, by the Will of Sir Edward Griffin,

Father to the said Lord Griffin, That he was onlyTenant for Life of the mortgaged Premises; with Remainder to his Son James Grffin, for Life; with Remainder to his First and other Sons, in Tail Male; with other Remainders over; and that the Premises were, even during the Life of the said Lord Griffin, charged with an Annuity of £.800 per Annum to the said James Griffin his Son, for Life: That, the said Lord Griffin being afterwards outlawed, for High Treason, committed after the Date of the Petitioners Mortgage, and before any Execution had upon a Judgment they had against him for £.5,000, the Petitioners Securities became of no avail: But they are advised, the Reversion of the said Estate may become valuable if no Recovery be suffered thereof;

which

Soap

Duties."

Scotch Union Equivalent.

American Prise Goods.

Douglas’ Claim on Equivalent.

Ways and Means.

which cannot be done without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the Bill now depending in this House, intituled, A Bill for enabling James Griffin, Esquire, and Griffin Son and Heir Apparent of the said James fin, to raise Money to pay the Debts of the said; and to make a Settlement for the Benefit of themselves, and their Family.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, before the Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

A Petition of the Sergemakers, Inhabitants of the Town of Newton Abbot, and Parish of Woolborough, in the County of Devon, and principal Inhabitants, was offered to the House, relating to the Duties resolved to he laid upon Soap:

And several Members acquainted the House, That they had Petitions of the like Nature sent them, to offer to the House.

And a Motion being made, and the Queliion being put, That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Mr. Medlycot reported from the Committee, who were appointed to examine the General Abbreviate of the Demands upon, and Payments made out of, the Equivalent, to the 3d of August 1711; and the State of the Cash of the Equivalent, to the 3d of August 1711; was referred} the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight

_ The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of the Merchants importing Prize Goods from America;

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners of the Customs, touching Bonds given at Jamaica for the Duty on Prize Goods, and other Papers relating the reunto, which were ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, That they had considered the Petitions referred to the Committee, and the Commissioners of the Customs Report, and other Papers referred; and had made forae Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report he received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir William Douglas, Lieutenant General of her Majesty’s Forces, was referred, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read, and are as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it Is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, a Duty be laid on all wrought Silks; and upon all such Stuffs as are made of Silk mixed with Incle, Thread, Cotton, or Wo riled; and all Stuffs made of or mixed with Grofgraine Yarn, or Cotton; and upon all

manner of Fringes, Tapes, and wrought Incle; which shall be imported into Great; except wrought

Silks, Bengalis, and Stuffs of Persia, China, and the East Indies.

I. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties upon all Sorts of plain black Silks called Mantuas, Armoifins, Paduafoys, Tabys, either plain or watered; and all other Kinds of plain black Silks, except Luftrings, Alamodes.and black Silks dressed like Luftrings; which shall be imported; be after the Rate of Five Shillings for every Pound Weight avoirdupois.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all Sorts of plain coloured Silks called Mantuas, Armoifins, Paduafoys, Tabys, either plain or watered; and all other Kinds of plain coloured Silks imported; be after the Rate of Six Shillings for every such Pound Weight.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon ail black Luftrings and Alamodes, and Italian Silks dressed the LuftringWay, to be imported, be after the Rate of Six Shillings for every such Pound Weight.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all Burdels, Crisps, or any other plain Silks shot with Thread or Incle, to be imported, be after the Rate of One Shilling and Six Pence for every such Pound Weight.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all plain Sattin shot with Thread or Incle, commonly called Thread Sattin, imported, be after the Rate of One Shilling and Six Pence for every such Pound Weight.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all Silk Mohairs imported, ihot with Grofgrain Yarn, be after the Rate of Three Shillings for every such Pound Weight.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all Silks, called Persians, imported, be after the Rate of Three Shillings and Four Pence for every such Pound Weight.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commit-' tee, That the said Duty upon all Gause, commonly

called Tiffenes, imported, be after the Rate of Three Shillings and Ten Pence for every such Pound Weight.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all flowered Gause imported, not brocaded, be after the Rate of Four Shillings and Eight Pence for every such Pound Weight.

II. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all imported flowered Silk, shot with hard Silk, be after the Rate of Five Shillings and Four Pence for every such Pound Weight.

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all Sorts of soft flowered Silks imported, being all Silk, and not brocaded, be after the Rate of Six Shillings and Eight Pence for every such Pound Weight.

13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all imported Sattinets, Rofettas, Shagreens, and all Sorts of Footworks, being all of Silk, be after the Rate of Five Shillings and Six Pence for every such Poe.nd Weight.

14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all Sorts of plain Sattins imported, be after the Rate of Five Shillings and Six Pence for every such Pound Weight.

15 . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty uponall Sorts of imported Handkerchiefs, made all of Silk, be after the Rate of Four Shillings and Four Pence for every such Pound Weight.

16. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all plain Velvet imported be after the Rate of Six Shillings and Eight Pence for every such Pound Weight.

17. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all flowered Velvet imported be after the Rate of Seven Shillings and Ten Pence for every such Pound Weight.

18. Resolved,

ii Ann*. 5 — f Jpritis. vj$

18. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commit- Seller of Bricks, Tile^ Slate, or Stones, to be used in

tee, That the said Duty upon all Amfierdamand Dutch Building, or Paving, within the Limits of the Weekly 1 Fustians, Barmilliam and Cullen Fustians, imported, be Bills of Mortality, or within Ten Miles of the Cities of

after the Kate of Thirteen Shillings and Four Fence for and and the Suburbs thereof, be

every Piece, confiding of Two Half Pieces of Fifteen charged with One Half of the Duties charged on the Yards each. said Materials.

19. Resolved, That it is the Opinioa of this Com- All the First Thirty-and-one of the said Resolutions,

mittee. That the said Duty upon all Stuffs mixed with being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Cotton, Thread, or Incle, imported, be after the Rate Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the of Two Pence for every Yard. House.

20. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- The 32d Resolution being read a Second time j

mittee. That the said Duty upon all JeanFuftians, and And a Motion being made, and the Question being upon all Holmes and Beavemeck Fustians, imported, be put. That the House do agree with the Committee in after the Rate of Six Shillings and Two Pence for every the said Resolution, That all Stock in the Hands of any Piece containing as aforesaid. Maker or Seller of Bricks, Tiles, Slate, or Stones, to be

*. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- used in Building, or Paving, within the Limits of the mittee. That the said Duty upon all Bed-tiGks imported Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within Ten Miles of the be after the Rate of Three Shillings and Six Pence for Cities of London and and the Suburbs

every Tick. thereof, be charged with One HaJfof the Duties charged

22. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- on the said Materials.

mittee, That the said Duty upon all CaJJicoes, or Ma mdaftorea called Callicoes, printed, flamed, painted, or dyed, which shall be imported; except such Callicoes of Ea.fi India, Persia. or China, touching which other Provisions are made by Laiw , be after the Rate of Six Pence for every Yard.

23. Resolved, That it is die Opinion of this Committee. That the said Duty upon all imported Silks, printed, stained, or painted; except such Silks of Eafi

India. Persia, or China, be after the Rate of One Shilling for every Yard, reckoning Half-yard wide in Breadth for every Yard in Length.

24. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all Fustians

imported be after the Rate of Thirteen Shillings and Four Pe nce for every Piece, or Two Half Pieces, containing as aforesaid.

2 c,. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all Naples Fustian,

Tripe, or Valuer Plain, to be imported, be after the Rale of Seven Shillings and Eight Pence for every Half Piece containing Seven Yards.

26. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all Naples Fustian wrought, or Sparta Velvet, imported, be after the Rate of One Shilling and Four Penoe for every Y’ard.

27. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Tlmt the said Duty upon all Aagjburgh Fustians imported he after the Rate of Seven Shillings and Six Penee for every Piece containing Thirty Yards.

28. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all Fustians

imported be after the Rate of Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence for every such Piece aforesaid.

49. Ref lived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That if any of the said Fustians be mixed with Silk, so that Silk makes the greatest Part of the Value of the Materials used therein, then the same shall pay after the Rate of Eight Pence per Yard, and not ether-wife, for this Dnty.

30. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all Tapes, and wrought Incle, imported, be after the Rate of Eight Penoe for every Pound Weight avoirdupois.

31. Resolved, That it is the Opinioa of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all manner of wrought Silks, Silk Stuffs, or Stuffs made of Silk mixed with Inde, Thread, Cotton, or Worsted; and all Stuffs made ofj or mixed with, Grofsgrain Yarn; and all manner of Fringe, Tapes, and wrought Incle, whatsoever, imported as aforesaid; not being before particularly charged; and upon all new Vestments, Apparel, and Furniture, not having been worn or used, made of the Silks or Stufts aforesaid, or any of them; except such wrought Silk* Bengal and Stuffs of Persia, China, or the East Indies, touching which other Provssion is made by Law; be after the Rate of Fifteen Pounds per Cent, ad

32. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Stocks in the Hands of aayMaker or

Vol. 17-

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j J

Tellers for the Noes, j Croft} 68.

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Mondap Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 70 di

Anno ii* Ann® Regin®, 1712.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Edward Hill Eft] u ire, deceased, in Orion and Rowel, in the County of Northampton, for the discharging several Incumbrances thereupon, end the Performance of the lad Will of the said Edward Hill; and for the settling of other Lands and Tenements, in Rowel aforesaid, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses 5 was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making a perpetual Augmentation to the Vicarage of Duloe, in the County of Cornwall, out of the Tythes and Profits of the Rectory of Duloe, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That tl»e Bill beoommittedto Sir Wm.White-locke, Mr. Flemming, Mr. Dalb Mr. Murray, Mr. tie, Mr. Mead, Mr. Bathurfi, Sir Robert Havers, Mr. Scobett, Mr. Winfianlcy, Mr. Heifham, Dr. Pajke, Sir Robert Jtnkilifon, Mr. Phelipps, Lord Lyon, Mr. Gery, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Serjeant Richardson, Mr. Jennings, Lord Wm. Powlett, Sir John Mordaunl, Mr. Brad/haigh, Colonel Byerley, Mr. Ward, Captain Dyott, Mr. Trotman, Sir Wm. Gifford, Mr. Wortley,

Mr. Ferrter, Sir Arthur, Kay, Sir John Bland, Mr. Aid-worth, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Windsor Mr. Clerk, Mr. Goddard, Mr. Roumey, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Bulteel, Mr. Audi-for Harley, Mr. Harris, Mr. Mr. Vernon, Sir Roger

Brad/haigh, Mr. Brampfion % and all that serve for the County of Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Wrightson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for vesting the Manor of in the County of L.ancafier, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon the Estate of Edward Riddell Esquire, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received.

And Mr. Attorney General acquainted the House, That her Majesty had an IuteFeft in the said Manor of Caton; for that Wm. Dicconfonbein One of the Trustees

in the Settlement of the Estate, to preserve contingent Remainders, andfince attainted for High Treason, his

Y y Interest

Ways d Meaw?

HiltV

Estate.

Dufet

Vicarage.

Riddell'

Estate.

174

7® — 8*

A. 1712.

Interest is thereby veiled in her Majesty; but that her Majesty, having been applied to, had graciously been pleaiea to give her Consent to the bringing in this Bill.

Success* An ingrossed Bill for making the Ship a free

ShiP- Ship, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making the Ship Successe a free Ship.

Ordered, That Sir Whitelocke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

Churrfi An ingrafted Bill to restore the Patrons to their

Presentotion* ancient Rights of presenting Ministers to the Churches in co an . vacant jQ that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read the Third time.

The several Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. i. L. 6, to insert " the late King L. 7, to insert " Queen

Pr. 3. L, 21, to leave out " or Chapel L. 34, to leave out " and others

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Then the 5th A ft of the First Parliament of King William and Queen Mary in Scotland, ratifying the Confession of Faith, &c. was read:

And also the Act inserted in the Act of Union, for securing the Presbyterian Government in Scotland, was read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,[ Jjj; £££? } -73-

Tellers for the Noes,| Cwtingham:}

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act to restore the Patrons to their ancient Rights of presenting Ministers to the Churches vacant in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Murray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

Wicke*' A Petition of John Burgh, Esquire, Executor of D«bt to the Michael Wickes Esquire, deceased, was presented to the Crown. House, and read; setting forth. That there being a pretended Demand on Mr. Wicks, late Receiver of the Plantation Duties in the Port of London, after several Prosecutions and Extents laid on his Estate, he gained an Act of Parliament, for the Lord High Treasurer, or or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound the same as ftiouid be reasonable: That the Time given by the said Act for that Purpose is elapsedi and the said Mr. Wicks is since dead, and nothing as yet is done therein: That the Petitioner is his Executor: That new Suits are commenced, and fresh Extents laid upon the Estate; by reason of which, the Petitioner cannot adjust the Account: And praying, That the Powers in the aforesaid Act may be revived; and the Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, have Power to put an End to the said Suits.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

African Mr. Farrer presented to the House, according to

Trade. Order, a Bill for establishing the Trade to Africa in

a regulated Company: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

, A Sir Robert Doversreported from the Committee of the

r"* whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of the Mer-

22

chants importing Prize Goods from America, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, as far as Ctause A, one by one; and the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause A being read a Second time. That Sixty-one hundred and Twelve Bank Cod-fish, imported at by John Beecher and Company, in the Prize Ship £x-cellent, be liable to pay no other Duties than if British taken;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Powell, of London, Merchant, is referred, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

ResolvedJYhsX this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 8* di aprilis; Anno 11* Anns Regime, 1712.

Praters.

A BILL for veiling the Manor of Caton, in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon the Estate of Edward Riddell Esquire, in the County of Northumberland, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Owen Thomas Bromfall Gentleman, to fell divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Bedford, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Brafiers, and other Artificers, working in wrought Brass,|inhabiting inand about the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the English Brass is so hard and feurfy, that it cannot be worked as foreign Brass may: That if a further Duty be laid upon foreign Brass, it will be the Ruin of many, but the Advantage will be only to those who have English Brass Mills: and submitthe same to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to her Majesty, to whom the Report upon the Petition of Abraham Elton, Benjamin Coole, and Edward Lloyd, Merchants in Bristol, and John Hitchcock, and John S and James Knight, Merchants in London, in behalf of themselves, and all the several Manufacturers in Copper Ore, Lapis -minaris, wrought Brass, Battery, fife, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill for completing a Chapel of Ease in the Town of Deal, in the County of Kent, by a Duty on water-borne Coals to be brought to the said Town, was read the Third time.

An

PowelT* Right of Trade*

Supply*

Riddell9*

Estate.

Bromfall't

Estate.

Manufacture of Copper Ora,

Deal

Chapel.

iiAnk. 8 Aprilis.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 4. L. 24, to insert " lower

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for completing a Chapel of Ease in the Lower Town of Deal, in the County of Kent, by a Duty on water-borne Coals to be brought to the said Town.

Ordered, That Colonel do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

Awn An ingrossed Bill for making the River Avon, in the Navigation. (^ountie8 of Somerset and navigable, from the

City of Bath to or near was read the

Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for making the River Avon, in the Coun* ties of Somerset and Gloucester, nav igable, from the City of Bath to or near Hanham Mills.

Ordered, That Colonel do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

Leavoof Ordered, That Colonel Strangwayes have Leave to Absence. g0 into tjje Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Bene have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Southampton The House being moved. That the Iafi Clause in the Place of Poll Act, of the 7th and 8th Years of his late Majesty’s at Electrons. Reign, intituled, An Act for the farther regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the el( sting and returning such Members; which relates to the adjourning the Poll for the Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of Southampton, to the Isle of Wight; might be read;

The same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain the said Clause: And that Mr. Gwyn, and Mr. Tilney do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Anftmther, Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of fcc.Ele&on. Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Burghs of Pittenweem, Anstruther Anjlruther

Wefier, Creall;and Kilremie, in the County of Fife, be

received upon Thursday Morning next.

Privilege; A Complaint being made to the House of a printed Pamphlet, intituled, " The Daily Courant, Monday April 7, 1712," reflecting upon the Proceedings of this House j The same was brought up to the Table.

And the pretended Memorial there inserted, and a Paragraph therein, were read.

Resolved, That the pretended Memorial printed in the said Daily Courant, is a fa!fe, scandalous, and malicious. Libel, reflecting upon the Resolutions of this House, and the Address of this House to her Majesty thereupon, in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire who is the Author, Printer, and Publisher, of the said Libel:

And it is referred to Mr. Campion, Lord Wm.

Sir W\m. Wyndham, Mr. Quick, Lord Mr. Coventry, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Mr. Sir

Robert Eden, Sir Arth. Kay, Mr. Hart, Lord Finch, Mr. Renda, M r. Shipp en, Mr. Price, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bingham, Lord Harley, Sir Mr. Bertie, Sir

Richard Hoar, Sir Roger Mojlyn, Mr. Freman, Mr. Finch, Mr. Cotton, Sir Wm. Pole, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. binfon, Mr. Winmngton, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Annejley, Sir Edward Stradling, Mr. Hampden, Sir James Bateman, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Bulteel, Mr. Auditor Harley, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Brigstocke, Sir Macktoorth, Mr. Onjlofw, Dr. Pajke, Sir Richard How, Sir Wm. Vol. 17.

Whitelocke, Mr Poulteney, Sir Ft a. Vincent, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Gery, Sir Richard Onslow,

Mr. Lloyd, Sir Geo. Newland, Mr. Mr. Neto-

digate, Mr. Vernon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And they have Leave to fit in a Morning.

Mr. Medlycot, according to Order, reported from the' fJough*’' Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir William Douglas, Lieutenant General of her Majesty’s Forces, was <*u* referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee; having examined into the Allegations contained in the said Petition, do find, That by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further directing the Payment of the Equivalent, it is, amongst other things, enacted.

That the Judges shall, by publick Proclamation at the Market Crofs&l Edinburgh, intimate to all Parties within or without the Kingdom havinglnterest in any of the publick Debts of Scotlandbefore the Union, and having Right by the said Art of Parliament to claim, to compear, by themselves, or their (awful Procurators or Attornies, before the said Judges, at any time within Six Months, at Edinburgh, and there to exhibit their Claims and Instructions; declaring. That the Accounts hereby, and by the aforesaid Act of Parliament of Scotland, appointed to be made, shall be made up only of such Claims as shall be presented to them within the said time; and the Commissioners of the Equivalent impowered to pay these only who shall be contained in the said general Account; that the said Judges shall proceed without Loss of Time, or Delay whatsoever, to the making up the aforesaid Accounts, according to the Claims and Instructions duly presented and verified; and the general Accounts being fomade, an authentic Copy of the fame, subscribed by the said Judges of the Exchequer, shall be delivered to the Commissioners of the Equivalent, and Certificates shall be granted to each of the several Parries of such Article of the said general Account as does concern them 3 which Certificate shall be signed, and shall contain the Name of the Party to whom the Debt was originally due; the Sum payable, with the Lift, Civil or Military, upon which the same is charged; and the Class and Order of Preference of such Debt, according to the said Act; and shall be alsignable and transferable by Indorsement.

It further enacts. That such Persons as shall happen to omit to compear, and make good their laid Claims, before the said Judges of the Exchequer, within the Time to be by them appointed; and shall thereby lose the Benefit of being placed upon the said First general Account, according to which only the said Commissioners of Equivalent are by that Act impowered to make Payment; shall neverthelessbe allowed to compear, by themselves or others, within One Year after Elapfing of the said First Day; and there to exhibit, and make good, before them, their respective Claims; which Claims, fa made good, shall be by the said Judges of the Exchequer admitted and formed into One Second general Account, without Distinction or Order of Preference whatsoever, to be by them signed, and delivered to the Commissioners of Equivalent; as also shall grant Certificates transferable by Indorsement, and in the same Manner and Form as those upon the First general Account are directed, payable by the Commissioners of Equivalent, next and immediately after the whole Debts due upon the First Two general Accounts are paid.

That it.appeared to the Committee, That (hePetitioner has an undisputed Right to £. 1,391. 17*. 7 due to him for his Off-reckoning, or Clothing-money; and also of £. 1,538. 9s. ifd. for Arrears of Pay, as Brigadier General; which laid Sums are certified by the Judges

6rowth of Popery.

Greenwich Hospiul.

Publication of Libels t.

176

8° — 90

A. *712.

of the Exchequer in Scotland to be originally due to him.

And it appeared to the Committee, That the said Sums, if claimed in due time, would have been paid in manner following; viz.£. 1,818. 5r. 3fd. Part thereof, in- ready Money, and the Residue in Debentures, upon the First general Account.

That it like wife appeared to the Committee, That all the Papers relating to the said Petitioner’s Claim were in the Hands of Colonel Douglathe Petitioner’s Sonj

who, being in her Majesty’s Service in Spawas unfortunately taken Prisoner at the Battle of , and

carried to France-,where he was detained till the First Time was elapsed for making good the Petitioner’sClaim, pursuant to the Act of Parliament; by which unhappy Accident the Petitioner was deprived of the Benefit of the said Act, and of receiving his Claim in ready Money, and Debentures, upon the said First general Account

.That it further appeared. That the Petitioner, by reason of the unhappy Accident aforesaid, having elapsed his First Time; he came afterwards and made out his Ctaim before the Judges of the Exchequer, within the Year, conform to the ad Clausefor that Purpose in the said Act: But the said Judges, having then no Power to make the Petitioner any other Satisfaction, he having elapsed his First Time, allowed his Claim; and gave bim Debentures upon the Second general Account; which were produced to the Committee.

Sir Andrew Hume, One of the Commissioners of the

Equivalent, being examined, said, That if Sir Douglass had made his Claim within the Time prefixed by the First Clause for that Purpose mentioned in the said A fit of Parliament, and proved the Quality of his Debt; which he could not do, his Son being then a Prisoner in France; he would have been paid, in such Proportion as aforesaid, in ready Money, and Debenture^ upon the First general Account.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Sir fVm.Douglass: And that Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Lockhart, and Mr. Bayly, do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole IJoufe, upon the Bill to hinder the farther Growth of Popery, by more effectualy preventing the foreign Education of Children of Popish Parents; and enforcing the against Popery.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee o^ the whole House, to whom the Bill for the collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the better Support of the Royal Hospital at Greemvich; and for the farther Benefit thereof; was committed; be received lipon this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of her Majesty’s Mef-lage to the House, the 17 th of January last, which relates to the great Licence taken in publishing false and icandalous Libels.

Sparrows Herne, in the County of without

Amendment. . , ....

And then the Messengerf withdrew.

A Bill for repairing the Road from the Town of Highgate t* Htghgale to and beyond the Town of fVhetjlone, in the Whetiione County of Middlesex, was read a Second time. . I(oid-Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crcjfc,

Lord Wm. Rowlett, Mr. Smitlfon, Mr. Goulfon, Mr.

Shoe her ley, Mr. Wyld, Mr Poidteney, Sir Robert D avers.

Sir Bryan S tapleton, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Hcy-sham, Mr. Berners, Mr. Hart, Mr. Sir

AJlley, Mr. Bwrfiem, Mr, Cunningham, Mr. Pitts, Sir Wm.Pole, Mr. Duncomb, Sir Alexander Cumings, Mr. Trevanion, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Perrier, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Serjeant Richardson, Mr. Pitt, Captain Burgh, Mr.

mondley, Mr. Chapman, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Mr. Peyton, Sir Richard Onfdw, Mr. Aldioorth, Mr. Brigstock,

Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Jones, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Powlett,

General Ro/Je, Mr. BarlowMr. Vincent, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Quick, Mr. Smith, Mr. Newdi-gate, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Mr. Lx-

vingston, Mr, Robinson, Mr, Clarke, Mr. Gcry, Mr.

Shafio; and all that serve for the Counties of sex and Hertford: And they, are to meet, this After- noon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Parishes of East Barnett, Chippen Barnet, and -

idge, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth. That by the Bill for re- ....

pairing tire Road from the Town of jLighgate tq anil beyond the Town of Whetstone, in the County of Middlesex, the said Amendment is only to extend to a Place called Pricklers hill:That the Way from

lers-hillto a Palce called Barnet's Block, being about a Mile, is as bad as any of the said.Way And praying the said Bill may extend to amend the said Road to Barnet's Block aforesaid; and that the same may pass into a Law. -

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Wynn reported from the Committee, to whom the . Bofi.on Bill for the better supplying the Town of Boston, in the Waterworks County of Lincoln, with fresh Water, was committed.

That they had made feme Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to appoint Costuniffienors to esaraine the Va- Grants by lue of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by tire We Crown. Crown, since theijthDftyof February 1688; and upon what Considerations back G rants were made; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjoarfeed till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 9* die Apr ills;

Anno xi* Ann® Regin®, 1712.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. , end

Mr. Orlebar:

, Mr. Speaker,

sianmor'e The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Rood. fof repairing the Highway between a certain Place Called Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, and

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Importing encourage the importing Naval Stores from North Bri- Nava! Stum tom; And that Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Hugh Patlerson, Sc#l" General Ra/s, Mr. Betyly, and Mr. Pringle, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the coatnriflioned Officers of Three Army. jnvi. 1 Companies of Invalids upon Duty at the Tower, and ua Arrean. 1 also crftheClothier of the said Companies, was presented j

to the House, and read; setting forth, -That the only

additional Charge of forming these Companies, of which the Petitioners are Officers, rs Cloathing for Two Years,

£. gg6 os. 6d.; and £. 551. os. 6d. a Year, for Three Captains, Three Lieutenants, and Three Ensigns; which is little more than Half Pay: That the Officers,

1

Army

Invalid

Arrears.

Ditto.

Nays and vMeaas.

Palmer^t Eft ate.

ii Ann. t) — i<? Aprish.

the Petitioners, had their Commissions in May last, and That the Bill be committed to Mr. Win-

have ever since done Duty in the Tower:but as yet Mr. Windsor, Mr. Bingham, Sir

have received no Pay: That the Cloathing for the Cora- Mr. , Sir Wm. Withers, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr.

panies is yet likewise unpaid; to the Prejudice of the Serjeant Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Auditor

Petitioners: And praying the Consideration of the Sir Sir Sir

House, and Relief in the Premises. Mr. Vincent, Mr. Eversfield, Sir Tho. Cave,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Mr. Sir Rolnrl Eden, Mr. Lord

Table. Lyon, Sir Robert Duvers, Brigadier Sir

A Petition of the several Commission Officers, and the Clothier, of the Four Companies of Invalids formed in order to serve in Garrison at Portsmouth, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the only additional Charge of forming these Companies, of which the Petitioners are Officers, is *£’.734 i8r. for the Officers Pay, for a Year, and ,£.1,328 os. 8d. for cloathing the private Men Two Years: That the Petitioners, the Officers, have received their Commissions ever since May last, and have ever since been at their Quarters at Brentford, for want of Money to march to their respective Companies at Portsmouth: That the Money for cloathing the said Regiment is yetalfo unpaid, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That the will be pleased to give Directions, That a Report, made by the Comptrollers of the Army to the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, relating to the Invalids, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House wiU please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this) House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 1 o° die;

Anno ii* Annaj Regin®, 1712.

Praters.

ABILL for 'confirming a Lease made by Geffery Palmer and Robert Pa/mer Esquires, fora farther Provision for Payment of the Debts of the said Geffery Palmer, was read a Second time.

Powell, Sir Fra.Vincent, Mr. Gape, Mr; Farrer, Mr.

Aldworth, Mr. Smith, Sir Just in Mr. Nicholas, Sir John Cope, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Sir

Drake, Colonel Drake, Mr. Duncomb, Sir Tho.

Mr. Ferrier, Sir Richard Mr. Marriott, Mr.

Medlycot, Mr. Gery, Mr. Nezcland, Mr. Brigjlock, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hungerford; and all that serve for the Counties of Lciccster, Stafford, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords* by Mr. Meller and Mr. Orlebar c Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for felling certain Lands, Part of the Manor of Weightfield, alias Whitefield, and other Lands, in the County of Gloucester, for the Payment of the Debts heretofore of Mary Fermor Widow, deceased; and of John Moor, junior, of Kirtlington, in the County of Nottingham, Esquire, and Margaret his Wife: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Jvjlinian Isham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling James Griffin Esquire, and Edward Griffin Son and Heir apparent of the said James Griffin, to raise Money to pay the Debts of the said James j and to make a Settlement for the Benefit of themselves and their Family; was committed: That they Had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and had considered the Petition to them referred, and heard the Petitioners Coupfel; and that they had left the Lands out of the Bill which were in the Petitioners Mortgage, and added other Lands instead thereof; and that all other Persons concerned had given their Consent to the Bill *, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House being informed. That Mr. Francis Lynn, from the Secretary at War, attended;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, by her Majesty’s Command, an Account of some extraordinary Charges of the War, for which no Provision hath been yet made by Parliament.

And, being withdrawn;

The Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is contained in the First Three Sides of the next succeeding Sheet hereto annexed.

Vol. 17.

Zz

Ak

Fennor’i

Eftato.

Griffin'S

Eftata.

Army Extras.

178

I 6° Aprilis.

J.

1712.

s.

d.

9*

An' ACCOUNT of forne extraordinary Charges of the War, for which no Provision hath

by Parliament; viz.

For the extraordinary Allowance of green and dry Forage for the several Regiments of Dragoons quartered in North Britain, between the 22d December 1710 and the 23d 1711

For the Support of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, and the Invalid Out Pensioners thereunto belonging, over and above the Poundage, and Days Pay, applicable to that Use, to 22d December 1711- - -

For the Pay of several Officers in New Englan, sent under the Command of Brigadier Nicholson, and of other Officers and Soldiers of the Troops formed in that Country, pursuant to the Resolutions of Councils of War held there for the Taking of Port; and for divers incident Charges relating to that Expedition ——

For One hundred Days Forage-money, in the Spring 1711, and One hundred Days more, for the Winter 1711, for Colonel Kerr's Regiment of Dragoons, sent from North Britain to Flanders in the Beginning of that Year

For One hundred and Twenty-three of the English Light Horse, killed and

loti in the Service of the last Campaign in Flanders; at Twenty Pounds each

Horse and Accoutrement ——

For Forty-six Horsesof the English Dragoons, killed and loti in Service the last Campaign in Flanders; at Fifteen Pounds each Horse and Accoutrement For her Majesty’s Proportion of the extraordinary Charge, of Forage to the Troops in their Winter Quarters in Flanders 17-54; and for Magazines of dry Forage; to enable the Troops to take the Field early in the Spring; upon Account

For the ordinary and extraordinary Expence of the Battalion of taken into the Service of her Majesty, in the Year 1711, on account of the Neutrality; computed to amount, to the 22d December 1711, to . ' -

For her Majesty’s Share, beinga Moiety, of the Charge of Two Regiments formed, in Flanders, out of French Deserters, from their Railing to 31st October 1711, when they were dismissed the Queen’s and the States Service,

22,405 Gl. 13 St. at 10 Gl. 10 St. to the Pound Sterling -

For her Majesty’s Proportion, being a Moiety of Sixty thousand Crowns, to be paid the Elector Palatine, in Consideration of the Lx pence in fending his Troops into the Loro Countries, in the Campaign 1711 -

Towards her Majesty’s Proportion of Forage and Bread for the Four Palatine Battalions of the Corps of Neutrality ——

C473

2,460

690

50,000 ——

4,280 15 —

2,133 17 6

- 7,142 17 2

8

1,642 10 —

For her Majesty’s Bounty to Volunteers, and impressed Men, raised and to be raised for the Serviceof the present Year 1712, pursuant to the Recruiting Act; being 40^. a Man, over and above the Levy-money chargeable upon the several Regiments, estimated at 6,000 Men; which, at 40^. each, amounts to -To the Commissioners Clerks, at 5$. a Man, for the said impressed Men, and Volunteers ——

£. s. d. 12,000 — - —

,500 — —

For Forage, Waggon-money, and Bread Waggons, for Colonel Kerr’s Regiment of Dragoons, and a Battalion of the Foot Guards, serving in the Low Countries, over and above the Forty thousand Men, and other Troops of Augmentation, and beyond the Provision hitherto made by Parliament ——

been yet made

£. s. d. 4,980 15 6

36,908 15 n

23,637 x3

98 6 1 —

To make good the Loss of a Quantity of Cloathing of Colonel Edward Jones's Regiment of Foot, which was call away with Part of the Regiment upon their setting Sail from Ireland to Portugal; amounting, according to the Report of the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the

Army, to - - - ' . - - -....

For the extraordinary Charge of the Forage for the Troops in Portugal, beyond what they could allow out of their Subfiitence, to the First of September 1711 -

And for a Proportion of the said Expence, together with the Extraordinary Charge upon Bread, for all the Troops in Portugal, from the said First September 1711 to 22d December following, inclusive ——

For the Loss of Subsistence-money of Major General Elliott's Regiment, and Sir Robert Rich's, in Gibraltar, being taken by the Enemy on board One of her Majesty’s Ships - For the Pay of three Commissioners, and their Secretary, to inspect the Accounts relating to the War in Spain, Portugal, and It alp, from the Commence- s. d.

ment of their Establiflinient to 22d December 1711 ----- 425 — —

And for Contingencies of their Office, upon Account - - - - 2,000-

To the Duke of Savoy, for the extraordinary Charges of the War, over and above the Subsidy allowed him, pursuant to Treaty ——

For the Support of the Royal Hospital near Cand the several Invalid Out Pensioners thereunto belonging, over and above the Poundage, and Days Pay, applicable to that Use, for the Year 1712, upon Account ——

For the Pay of the Commissioners for inspecting the Accounts relating to the War in Spain, and Portugal, and their Secretary, according to their Establishment, for the Year 1712 For the Pay of several Officers employed with the Troops in New England £. s. d. who went thither, Anno 1710, with Brigadier Nicholson;for the Year 1712 - 4,021

For the Pay of Thirty Lieutenants more, who were font over thither in the Year 1711, upon Ensigns Pay, for the same time -

69,172 — 5.

900 ——

4,5ft1 7 11

7,33s *5 —

1,463 16 10

2,425 ——

100,000 —

36,908 15 11 6,203 ——

5,663 ii 8

i3»5o —

*»9I4- 5 —

For

Ifloes for

Naval

brrvice.

Lord Bellew’s JLUate.

Anftmtfcr. *c. Election.

11 Ann. 10° Aprilis.

For the Pay of Two additional Troops, and additional Men to the other Troops, of the Earl of ‘SVfl/r’sand General Rojs'a Regiments of Dragoons, for which no Provision is made by Parliament, having been raised since the Year 1706 - - - -

For the Pay of several Officers cnJccondin Britain, and of others fervingin Spain and ders, for the Year 1712, upon Account -

For Half Pay to the Officers of several Regiments of Foot and Dragoons reduced, and to be reduced upon the Eflabiishments of Spain and Portugal, in the Year 1712, upon Account, the Sum of ——

For One Moiety of the Cloashing of the 12 old Companies of Invalids, once in two Years; the said Companies having no Off- reckonings ——

For Pay to the General and Staff Officers serving in Portugal, for Oue Quarter of a Year, from Chrijhnas to Lady-day 1712 - - - -. - -

For Contingencies for the Army, and Hospitals -

For Forage, and Waggon and Baggage Money, for the same time - -

179

£. s. d. 7»555 10 — 8,700 — —

34,000 ——

1,800 — —

4,167 1 8

2,000 ——

2,250 —

Total

£ 376,082

9

Memorandum :There are some other extraordinary Expenres for the Expedition to Canada, which are not inserted in this Estimate, by reason the same cannot be exactly atljuiled; the Accounts thereof being not yet tranliniUcd.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Ccrfur, Treasurer of the Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to their Addressto her Majesty, and by her Majesty’s Commands, an Account of what Money issued last Year for the Service of the Navy, out of the Funds granted by Parliament Anno 1711; when it ifined, and to what Uses it has been applied:

And the Title thereof was read.

The laid Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account dolie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill lor enlarging the Time for the Sale of Part of the Estate of the Right honourable Lord

lezv, veiled in Trustees by an Act of Parliament, lately passed in the Kingdom of Ireland, was committed, That

they had examined the Allegations of the Dill, and found the same to be true; and had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrafted.

Mr. Freman, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the Re-commitment of the Re-portfbrmerlymade.touchingtlieEleftion for the Burghs of Pittenieeem, AnjirutherEajler,

Creall, and Kilrennie, in the County of Fife, and the Kesolutions of the Committee thereupon; w such they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; arid are as follow; viz.

Upon the Re-commiiment of the Report from the Committee, upon the Petition of Major General George Hamilton, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir John Anjiruther Baronet, to serve

for the Burghs of PittemveAnjiruther , Anjiruther Wcjler, Creall, and Kilrennie:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Five Commissioners for the District of Burghs aforesaid.

That the Commissioners for and

Anjiruther Wcjler, voted for the Sitting Member; the Commissioners for Creall, and Kilrennie, voted for the Petitioner.

Vol. 17.

That it was controverted, Whether Mr. William Bell, Anstruther, who voted for the Sitting Member; or Mr. William &c.Election-Watjoii, who voted for the Petitioner; was the legal Commissioner for the Burgh of Pit: That the Town Council of Pittemveem, who elected the Commissioner for that Burgh consisted of 16; Nine of which voted for Mr. Bell, and Seven for Mr. Watson.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel objected to Robert Alexander, Wm.Stevenson, Patrick and Bailie

Burthivick, Four of the Voters for Mr. Bell; and produced a Protest made the 20th of October 1710, at the Choice of a Commissioner for Pitte by Sir Alexander Aerjkine, of Cambo, Baronet, Lyon King of Arms, and Burgel'sof the said Burgh, against those Voters; viz.

Against Robert Alexander; "That he could not " vote as a Councillor in Pittemveem, in regard he had got good Deed, or Promise of good Deed, for his " Vote; and, particularly, he got, or was promised,

" Right to a House in Anjiruther Easter, lately belonging to his Father, and fallen into the Superior’s " hands, either for Not-payment of the Fou, or Nonentry; and farther, he had not taken all the Oaths " prel'cribed by Law

Against; Win. Stevenson; " That he could not vote as " a Councillor at Pitlenweem, in regard he was not " qualified according to Law; and that he had Promises of good Deed; such as to get back Two " Houses, that were fold, in Anjiruther, which his " Father thought did properly belong to him; or, at " least, he had had Communing for the fame

Against Patrick Mer/oun-, " That he could not vote " as a Councillor, in regard he had not a free Vote,

" being over-awed and threatened; and his Son’s Wife " coming weeping to him, telling him, That her Huft " band was threatened to he hanged, if he voted such.

" a Way, for having been present at the Murder of " Janett Corejilt, One of the pretended Witches; and " if he voted according to the Mind of these that used " the aforesaid Threatenings, they should bring home " his other Son, who had fled the Country for having " been the Cause of imprisoning a great many People " for pretended Witchcraft; and protest them both:

" And further, the said Patrick Mcrtoun had been " again and again importuned, and threatened by Mr.

" Patrick Cowper, the Minister, as many others of the

" Council had, that they should not, nor could not,

" vote otherwavs than he directed them, with a safe " Conscience; as if it were no less than Damnation, if " they elected any other Person to represent them in " Parliament than he was pleased with

Against Bailie Bor thick k; " That he could not vote " as a Councillor in Pittenieeem, in regard he had got " good Deed, or Promise of good Deed, for his Vote;

" as particularly, He had Promises to have his Son provided for; that is, made Matter ofa Ship."

That

Anstruther, Ac. Election.

180 10° Apr, A* 171a*

That the Petitioner’s Cdunfel examined Witnesses;

viz.

Alexander Martin, Servant to the Lord Lyon, said, That about a Week before the Election, and at another time after the Election, Robert Alexander told him, He was to get a Charter of a House, from the Lord Anstru-ther, if he would vote for Bailie Bell; and accordingly he voted for him; and coufelfed, the Promise of this House was the Reason he voted for Bell, else he would have voted for Watson:That Robert Alexander made these Declarations in Pittenweem; he could not mind who was by when the First was made; but the other Declaration, after the Election, was made at Bailie Fou Uer’s House, and James Hogg was then present:

That, a Week or Ten Days before the Election, Wm. Stevenj’ontold the Witness, That he got a Promise from the Lord Anjlruther of Money, or Two Houses that formerly belonged to his Father, if he would vote for Belli and said, he would have voted for Watson, but for this Promise:

That Patrick Mertoun, about Ten Days before the Election, and, at another time, about Two Days after it, said. He designed to vote for Wat fin, but Sir Alexander Anjlruther, the Sitting Member’s Uncle and Agent," threatened to have his Sons hanged, if he would not vote for Bell; and the Parson told him, He would have hint

turned out of an Elder’s Place in the Church if he would not vote for Bell; and that he could not, with a safe Conscience, vote for any Body else; and that these were the Reasons he voted for him;

That Bailie Borlhwick told him, He was to get a Ship to his Sonj which the Lord Anjlruther promised him, if he would vote for Bell; and that he would not have voted at all, but for this Promise:

And the Witness laid. He did not know, that Borth-wick's Son had ever been at Sea.

James Hog said, He was by, when Alexander Martin the Witness, and Robert Alexander the Voter, had Dif-course about the Election; and he heard Robert Alexander own. That the Lord Anjlruther had promised him a Charter of a House of he would vote for Bell, who was in the Sitting Member’s Interest: That Robert Alexander said this, at one time, about Eight or Ten Days before the Election, when David Doge w'as present; and, at another time, at Mcrtoun's House, about Four or Five Days after the Election, as well when Alexander Martin was present, as when he was not present.

That the Sitting Member’s Counsel infilled. That Mr. Bell’s Commission being under the Common Seal, and signed by the Bailies and Clerk of the Burgh of Pittenweem, was the only ilegal Commission for that Burgh; Mr. Wa/fon's Commission being subscribed only by the Voters for him: That Sir Alexander Arejkine's Protest is void, in regard he had no Right to vote, or protest, at the Election of a Commissioner for Pittenweem: That Witnesses ought not to be admitted here to Facts, for which there was not a valid Protest made at the time of the Election: And that the Petitioner had not produced any legal Evidence against Mr. Bell's Voters.

And that upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir John Anjlruther Baronet is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Burghs of Pittenweem, Anstruther Rafter,

Wester, Creall, and Kilrennie, in the County of Fife.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That George Hamilton, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Burghs of Pittenweem, Anjlruther Easter, Anjlruther Wester, Creall, and Kilrennie.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir John Baronet,

is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present 15

Parliament for the Burghs of Pittenweem, Anstruther F.ajler, Anjlruther Wester, Creall, and Kilrennie, in the County of Fife-,

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, }'59-

TeHers for the Noes, J I11*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That George Hamilton, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Burghs of Pittenweem, Anstruther Easter, Anstruther Wester, Creall, and Kilrennie;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Confr,:

TeHers for the Noes,* ]. 28.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, Tha t the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Burghs of Pittemveem, Anjlruther Easter, Anstruther Wester, Creall, and Kilrennie, in the County of Fife, by rafing out the Name of Sir John Anjlruther, Baronet, and inserting the Name of George Hamilton, Esquire, instead thereof.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and others, Inhabitants of the Parish of Mary London, adjoining to her Majesty’s Post Office General, in Lombard-street, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by an A6l of the zzd of King Charles the lid, their Church was included in the 51 Churches to be rebuilt out of the Duties charged upon Coals: That the said Churches have all since been finished, except this of St. Mary Woolno/h’s: That, by the Opinion of able Surveyors, the East and West Ends, South Side, and Tower, of the Petitioners Church, are become very ruinous; and feme Part thereof, though the weakest beams have been supported, has fallen in: That many whole Families, for fear of the Danger, absent themselves from divine Service: That the Petitioners are informed, there will arise, by the Duties laid on Coals for rebuilding the Cathedral of Paul, a Surplusage more than necessary to complete the same: And praying. That so much of the said Surplusage, as-may be necessary, may be appropriated for rebuilding the said Church of St. Mary Woolnoth; or such other Relief as shall be thought reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given, upon the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Time given to the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an Act, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties on Coals, for building of Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof; and other Purposes therein mentioned; and also for giving the said Commissioners farther Powers-for better eflefting the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; was committed; to offer a Clause, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meller and Mr. Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Ship Successe a free Ship, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Annejley, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill

lor

St. Maiy

Ws»oilXlttk C lurch.

Success*

Ship.

Fifty new Ch*rche$.

11 Ann. 10° — i vAprilis. 181

for enlarging the Time given to the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties on Coals, for Building of Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof; and other Purposes therein mentioned; and also for giving the said Commissioners farther Powers for better effecting the Purposes in the said Aftmentioned; wascommitted; the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and lie read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed, and the Residue agreed, unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That no Burial should be under any of the Churches thereby intended to be built; and that the Commissioners have Power to ascertain I he Sums to be paid to the Rector for every Burial in the Cemeteries, or Church-yards, intended to be purchased;

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, touching accounting for the £.6,000 applied to Greenwich Hospital, and the Chapel thereunto belonging: And the same was twice read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And feveiaf Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingioffed.

Call of tb# Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned House. until this Day Fortnight.

Publication Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday

of Libel*. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of her Majesty’s Message to the House, the 17th of January last, which relates to the great Licence taken in publishing false and scandalous Libels.

Ways and Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Henna. the whole House, who were to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nie a Clock.

V eneris, 11* die Anno ii* Annas Reginas, 1712.

Prayers.

Son tb well* "IV/fR. Medlycot reported from the Committee, to Estate. _iVX w hom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Edward Southwell Esquire, to grant certain Houses and Lands, in the County of Gloucester, to Joshua Franklyn, of Merchant,

for a Term of Years, in order to the better Improvement thereof, and of other adjacent Lands of the said Edward Southwell, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; And that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Sattsfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

yrivilcc — A Pet ition of Robert Brifcoe, her Majesty’s Meffen- person in ger attending the Great Seat, was presented to the Cui'toriy pe- jjoufe, and read; setting forth his Sense of his Fault, Li/chut*. not delivering the Writ for the Lleftion of a Burgess

Vol. 17.

to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, to the proper Officer; and begging Pardon for the fame: And prayr ing to be discharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending the House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Brifcoe be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and, according to Anftnitber, Order, amended the Return for the Burghs of Pit ten- Rewra

weem, An Jlruther Easter, An Jlruther , Ben<,e<,

and Kilrennie, in the County of Fife.

Sir Robert Davers presented to the House, according importing to Order, a Bill to encourage the importing Naval Naval Store# Stores from North Britain: And the same was received; fro®i>cot* and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, Northfleet the Road betwixt Northfleet, Gravesend, and Rtchester, ^owl, in the County of Kent, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to \fr. Hart,

Mr. Aldworth, Sir Jacob Bankes, Sir Edicard Ernie, Mr.

Berners, Mr. Laugharn, Mr. Brigs'ocke, Mr. Crosse, Sir Hen. Furnefe, Mr. Cotton, Colonel Drake, Mr.

Nir.Houston, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Wogan, Mr. Lloyd,

Mr. Plumptree, Colonel Child, Mr. Bradjhaish, Sir Robert Marsham, Mr. Shafto, Mr. Shackerlet/, Mr. Quick,

Mr. Scobell, Mr. Hqjftiam, Sir Fra.Vincent, Sir Edward

Stradling, Mr; Onslow, Mi*. Millington, Sir Robert Dovers, M r. Freman, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Si r Tho. Colepeper,

Mr. Erie, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gery, Mr. Mr.

Newland, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Duneomb, Sir iVm.

Drake, Sir Fra. Child, Sir Jacob Act ley, Mr. Herne, Mr.

Burftem, Lord Lyon, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Barlow, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Fume/e, Sir Richard Onjloio, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Chapman, Mr. Smith, Sir*

Geo. Newland, Mr. Ash\ and all that serve for the Counties of Kent and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for establishing a Trade to Africa in a regu* African lated Company was read a Second time* Trwk,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Royal African Company of Eng- Ditto. land was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Bill, brought into the House, for establishing a Trade to Africa in a regulated Company, tends to the Destruction of the Petitioners Franchise of, being a Body Politick, and takes away their Rights and Properties: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition b'e referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Gunter have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from’ the Way* an4 Committee of the whole House, who were to consider Mean*, farther of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same ip his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raffing the Supply granted to her Majesty,

Two Pence per Pound Weight, Part of the Duties on Tobacco, be retained upon Exportation of any Tobacco

g A Rom

Laws respecting

Bankrupts.

6uldeford’» fella te.

Privilege —

Libellous

Publication.

II0 — 12° Aprilis. A. 17H.

from Great Britain info Ireland, or the I ties of Man, JerJei/or Gucrnfex),over and above the Half Subsidy,

which is retained by the Laws now in Force.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, Two Pence per Pound Weight, Part of the Duties on Tobacco, be retained upon Exportation of any Tobacco from Great Britain into Ireland, or the Isles of Man, Jex fey or Guernfnj, over and above the Half Subsidy, which is retained by the Laws now in Force.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mcller and Mr. Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing a Clause, in the Statute made in the 2 ill Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the farther Description of a Bankrupt, and Relief of Creditors against such as shall become Bankrupts; and for inflicting corporal Punishment upon the Bankrupts in some special Cafes; which makes Descriptions of Bankrupts, and for the Explanation of the Laws relating to Bankruptcy in case of Partnership; with some Amendments; To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have paded a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Mempsted, and other Lands therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, the Ellate of Sir Robert Guldeford Baronet, for the Payment of Debts; and for settling the Chamber , and other Lands, in the said County of Su/sex, to the same Uses as the said Manor of Hempjled now hands settled: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Tellers fur the Yeas, [ B"C°"'

Tellers for the Noes, \ '!r'

’ £ Mr. Eoxillency:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they

had made some Progress in the Matters to them referred; and particularly had considered of t,l;e Petition of John Burgh Esquire; and had directed him to more. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Trca-fury, for the Time being, to compound with the Executors of Michael Wicks Esquire, deceased, late Receiver General of the Plantation Duties in the Port of

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Cotnm 1 ffioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with the Executor of Michael Wicks Esqiure, deceased, late Receiver General of the Plantation Duties in the Port of Ijjndon: And that Mr. Conyers, Mr. James Bertie, and Mr. Gore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Supplj.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. CommitieM.

Mr. Hxnxgerford reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to inquire who was the Author, Printer, and Publisher, of the pretended Memorial printed in the Daily Courant, of the 7th Inliant; which was adjudged by this House to be a false, scandalous, and malicious, Libel, reflecting upon the Resolutions of this House, and the Address of this House to her Majesty thereupon; in Breach of the Privilege of this House; the Matter, as it appeared to them; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

At the Committee appointed to inquire who is the Author, Publisher, and Printer, of a pretended Memorial, printed in the Daily Courant; the Committee have accordingly inquired into the fame.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition Marine l^y of Colonel Richard Cobhum, Lieutenant-Colonel Walter Arrears.

Palliffer, Lieutenant Colonel Lewis de Sid/ere, Major Henry liradjhaigh. Major Robert Kemp, Officers in the Marine Service, and Richard Belafyf Esquire, and Margaret his Wife, Administratrix of Captain Henry Marshall, late also an Officer in the Marine Service, now deceased, on behalf of themselves, and great Numbers of other Officers in the Six Regiments of Marines, and the Widows, Orphans, and other Representatives, of several of such Officers, is referred, have Leave to fit in a Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue a Clock.

Sabbatii 12* die

That Samuel Buckley did produce to the said Committee a printed Paper, in the Dutch Language, from whence, he said, he translated the pretended Memorial, printed in the Daily , dated the 7t.l1 of

April 1712; and he confessed himself to be the Printer thereof:

And that Mrs. Abigail Baldwin, being likewise examined, did confess, that file had the said Daily Courant from the said Mr. Buckley's Servant; and that die was the Publisher thereof.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it appearing to this I louse, That Samuel the Printer of the pretended Memorial, printed in the Daily Courant, of the 7th Inliant; which hath been adjudged by this House to be a false, scandalous, and malicious. Libel, reflecting upon the Resolutions of this House, and the Address to her Majesty thereupon; in Breach of the Privilege of this House; be, for the said Offence, taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

tx-

iiC.

Anno ii* Ann® Reginse, 1712.

Prayers.

jpOBERT BRISCOE, her Majesty’s Messenger Privilege — tending the Great Seal, in Custody of the Ser- a Person jeant at Arms, was, according to Order, brought to the Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received a Re- ebaigtd. primand from Mr. Speaker; and was discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

The House being informed. That some of the Com- Bulii missioners of the Customs attended; PuU*"d'

They were called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House the Return of the Commissioners of Customs to . an Order of the House, of the 19th of directing

them to state the Fast upon the Petition of Brook and John Hcllier, o (London, Merchants: and

also their Return to an Order of the House, of the 7th of March last, requiring an Account of Bullion exported and seized, during the War; viz.

An Account of Gold Bullion, Silver Bullion, Gold Coin, and Silver Coin, exported to and Flanders

during this War, from the 4th of May 1702 to the nth of March 1711 , Sic.And also.

An

11 Ann. i2° Ap 18$

An Account of Bullion and Coin seized.

And, being withdrawn;

The Titles of the said Returns and Accounts were read.

The said Return of the Commissioners of Customs, upon the Petition of Thomas Brooke and John Hellier, is as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament affetnbled.

THE Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to an Order of this honourable House, of the 19th ult. on a Petition of Thomas Broolc and John Hellier, of London, Merchants; directing the said Commissioners to state the Fast; with their Opinion thereupon.

The Commissioners, in Obedience to the said Order, humbly acquaint this honourable House, That, having examined the Allegations of the said Petition, they do find, That the Petitioners did import coiiliderable Quantities of Wine, for which they had an Allowance °f£.8 per Cent, out of the Impost Duty, by virtue of the Act i° Jac. 2, as Merchants Importers:

But it appearing to the Commissioners, by the publick Advertisements, as well as by the Acknowledgment of the Petitioners, That they fold great Quantities of Wine by Retail, having publick Cellars and Houses for that Purpose; the Commissioners font for the Petitioners, and demanded the said £.8 per Cent, to be paid by them as Retailers; which they have accordingly complied with; and still continue to pay the Customs in this Port for their Wine, without the said Allowance being made to them.

The Commissioners humbly represent to this honourable House, That the said Act of Parliament declares. That all Importers, not being Vintners or Retailers, who are thereby obliged to pay ready Money for that whole Duty, are to be allowed and abated £.8 per Cent. in Consideration of any Defeat or Damage that may happen, by the Wines lying longer on the Importers Hands, or by real'on of other Accidents, upon the Importers making Oath, before the proper Officers of the Customs, that the same are imported byway of Merchandise, and with Intent to fell again; which is the Method made use of on the Entries of Wines imported.

As to what the Petitioners allege. That other Merchants, although they do retail Wines, yet have this Allowance of £.& per Cent, made to them; the Commissioners humbly olfer, That they have been, and are now, under lirift Inquiry, to find out this Abuse to the Revenue, in order to the Prol'ecution of the several Persons concerned therein, according to Law.

The Commissioners further humbly represent, That, finding the said Brooke and Hellier had imported several Quantities of Wines into Yarmouth, PortJ'moulh, and other Out Ports, they directed the Officers of the Customs to demand the Retail Duties for the fame; which the Petitioners refused to pay, alleging. That though they retailed Wines in London, yet they fold the Wine they imported into the Out Ports by Wholesale: Whereupon the Commissioners, to strengthen their own Opinion ordered their Solicitor to attend Mr. Attorney General for his Advice on the Cafe, which he has given in the following Words:

" I am of Opinion, B. and II. retailing Wines in " London, are thereby Retailers there; and, being so, " they are Retailers every where, within the Words of " the Act, i# Jac. referred to: For, being a Retailer, * while he is so, it matters not whether he retails, or "intends to retail, all the Wines he imports; but " must be considered as to all the Wines he imports as a Retailer."

As to what the Petitioners propose, to be relieved by a Clause in an Act of Parliament to be made. That they may pay the Duties upon their own Oath, as Merchants, fur Inch Wine as they shall fell by Wholesale; and as Retailers for such as they shall retail; the Commissioners humbly acquaint this honourable House, That they cannot think the same reasonable; because the Law, as it pow stands, seems to have been made in favour of the Vot. 17.

Merchants Importers, who are obliged to keep great Stocks by them, and would thereby be drove out of their Trade: For that the Vintners, who fell by Retail, do often fell also by Wholesale; and, consequently, might pretend to the same Privilege; which would elude the Intent of the Law: But the Commissioners are humbly of Opinion, it will conduce more to the Equality of Trade, and answer better what the Petitioners desire.

That where any Person has entered, or shall enter, his Wine* upon Oath, as a Merchant, and afterwards retail the fame; instead of making the Fast Perjury, as is proposed by the Petitioners; in that Cafe, over and above the Penalty already enjoined by Law, they be subject to such further penal Sum as shall be thought proper; one Moiety whereof to be for the Use of the Queen; the other for the Informer, or the Person that shall sue for the same:

Which is humbly submitted to the Consideration of this honourable House.

J. Stanley,

Custom-house, M. Prior,

London, nth April 1712. J. Bridges,

Robert IVm.son,

E. Gibbon,

Jo.

Ordered, That the Petition of the said Thomas Brooke and John Hellier be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Ferrier,

Serjeant Richardson, Mr. Wrightson, Sir Drake,

Mr. Lewen, Mr. Isham, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Lampion, Mr.

Cholmondeley, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Brigjlock, Mr. Clarke,

Mr. Price, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. North, Sir Geo.

Newland, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Goddard, Mr.

Robinson, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Yeoman, Mr. Hamden,

Sir Edmund Bacon, Colonel Drake, Mr. Shafto, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Bellajjife, Mr. Mr. Quick,

Mr. Sioift, Mr. Farrcr, Captain Chapman, Mr.

Sir Isaac Rebozo, Mr. Mead, Mr Sir

Johiijbn, Sir John Cope: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Return for the Commissioners of the Customs, upon the Petition of Thomas Brook and John Hellier, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Return, and Accounts, relating to the Bullion and Coin exported, and seized, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return, and Accounts, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Gwyn prefeiited to the House, according to Southampton Order, a Bill for the explaining and amending a Clause, pta'f °S Pul* in the Act of the 7th and 8th Years of the late King a e lons‘ William, intituled, An Act for the better regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in theelefting and returning such- Members; relating to the Adjournment of the Poll at Elections of Knights for the County of Southampton, froth Winchester to Newport, in the Isle of Wight: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Upon

Tiiejilaynext, at Twelve of the Clock.

A Petition of several of the Creditors of John Coggs, Cogg’s, &c. deceased, and of John Dann, late Goldsmiths and Part- Elute*, ners, in behalf of themselves, and others, the Creditors of the said John Coggs and John Dann, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act lately passed for veiling the Estate and Effects of the said Coggs and Dann in Trustees, for Payment of Debts:

That several of the Debtors of the said Coggs and Dann

are

African Company s Creditors.

Gothurit

Rectory*

Ipswich, Si K»ad.

Yule

Tacance*

184 12° Jprilis. A. 1712.

are not able to pay their whole Debts; and no Compofi* tion can be, but what must be agreed to by the Majority of the Trustees appointed by the said Act: That they, being many in Number, and several of them concerned in Publick Adairs, have not yet met; and, unless some Provision be made in that Cafe, ’tis feared they become wholly insolvent: That, by Agreement, Coggs and Dann were to have the Overplus of the Estate of Thomas Pitkin and Tiiomas Brerewood', after 8s. 6d. in the Pound had been paid to the Creditors of Pitkin and Brerewood That the same hath been, since the passing the said Act, folly paid; but, their Effects not being vested in the Trustees, ’tis feared the same may be loft: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for making more effectual the said Act formerly passed j and for the vesting the Estate, and Effects, of the said Pitkin and Brerewood, in Trustees, for the Benefit of the Petitioners.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Serjeant Richardson and Mr. Tilney do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons, in behalf of themselves, and others. Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Bill for establishing the Trade to Africa in a regulated Company tends to the Destruction of their Debtor, the Royal African Company’s Franchise, of being a Body Politick, and to take away their Rights and Properties, and utterly disable them to make Satisfaction to the Petitioners for their just Debts: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the I.ords, intituled, An Act for ascertaining and establishing the Glebe I.ands, Tythes, and other Profits, of the Rectory of in the County of Bucks, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Colonel Drake do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for the better repairing and amending the Road leading from Ipswich to and the

Road called the Pye Road, in the County of was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 5. L. to insert said:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Road leading from Ipswich to and the Road

called the Pye Road, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Dovers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meller and Mr,

Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, Alt for discharging the Yule Vacance, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the said Amendments:

And the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

In the Bill, 20 L. after a AH," insert " so far as the "fame relates to the discharging the Yule Vacance;"

In the Title of the Bill, L. t, after repealing," insert " Part of,"

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Carnegie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. Lambtonhave Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Abimce. Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write his circular CallnfiU Letters to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Uouie. Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members of this House on Fortnight,

the First of May next: And that it be signified in the circular Letters, Thai this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against all such Members who shall then be absent, and whose Excuses shall not be allowed.

The said circular Letters are as follow; via.

From the House of Commons, 12th April 1714.

Sir,

THE House of Commons having taken Notice of the Absence of several of their Members, I am com- ’

manded to acquaint you with it, that you may give ?:

immediate Summons to the Representatives for your County and Boroughs, That they do attend their Service in Parliament on Thursday the First Day of May next; the House of Commons intending to proceed with all Severity against all such of their Members as shall then neglect their Attendance, and whose Excuses shall not be allowed: And you are to give an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereupon, to Sir,

Your humble Servant.

To High Sheriff 1

of the County of '

From the House of Commons, April 12th, 1712.

Gentlemen,

THE House of Commons having taken Notice of the Absence of several of their Members, I am commanded to give immediate Summons to all that are absent. That they do attend their Service in Parliament on Thursday the First Day of May next: You are therefore desired forthwith to fend the inclosed Letters, as they are directed: And you are to give an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereupon, to

Your humble Servant.

To Sir James Stuart junior, and

Thomas Kennedy, Esquire, or

either of them, her Majesty’s

Solicitors at Edinburgh.

From the House of Commons, April 12 th, 1712.

Sir,

THE House of Commons having taken Notice of the Absence of several of their Members, I am com? ,.

manded to acquaint you with it, that you may give immediate Summons to the Commissioners of your Shire, and Burghs within the same, who are returned to serve in this present Parliament, That they do attend their Service in Parliament on Thursday the First Day of May next; the House of Commons intending to proceed with all Severity against such of their Members as shall then neglect their Attendance* and whose Excuses shall not be allowed: And you are to give an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereupon, to

Sir,

Your humble Servant.

A Petition of John Woodford, Gentleman, Joseph Hick- Highgate to

man. Yeoman, and others. Copyholders, Landholders, ^l|,'i;oM and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Fryerne in the Hoa

County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and

read; setting forth, That the Great North-weft Road lies

through

ii Ann. i2* — 14 185

through the Parish of Fin about Three Miles and an I lalf; One Mile whereof hath been, by immemorial Custom, amended by Fry erne Parish aforesaid: That Finchley Parish has but Two Miles Three Quarters to mend through Finchley Common; where are inex-haullible Quantities of Gravel, at easy Rates: And praying to be exempted from any intended Toll for Amending thereof; or to be heard, by their Counsel, againfithe Rill, depending in tins House, for repairing the 'Road from the Town of Highgateto and beyond the Town of Whetfone, in the County of Micldlesex.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard thereupon before the Committee, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

American The House, according to Order, resumed the ad-

Priie Goods, journed Debate upon the Amendment proposed to be 'made to the Bill for the Relief of the Merchants importing Prize Goods from America

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the Iloufo, That Richard

Connell and William Conn have entered upon and possessfed themselves of, the Vicarage and Glebe Land of Shirk, in Queens County, in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Estate of George Rodney Bridges Esquire, a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Publication ’The House, according to Order, resolved itself into

fLibols. a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of her Majesty’s Messageto the House, the 17th of January lall, which relates to the great Licence taken in publishing false and scandalous Libels.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Gilbert Dolben took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker refuraed the Chair.

S\r Gished Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuef-day Morning next.

Scotch Union . Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who

Equivalent, were appointed to examine the general Abbreviate of the Demands upon, and Payments made out of, the Equivalent, to the Third of 17x1; and the State

of the Calli of the Equivalent, to the Third of August 1711 , be taken into Consideration upon Morning next, in a full House.

Marine Pay Ordered, That Lord Sir John Bland, Mr.

Airears. Etlericli, Mr. SiiaJfce, Mv. Chapman, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Bracebridge, Mr. IVides, Mr. Mr. Annejley,

be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Richard Cobham, Lieutenant Colonel Walter Palliser, Lieutenant Colonel d'Siedere, Major

Hen. Bradshaigh, Major Robert Kemp, Officers in the Marine Service, and Richard Esquire, and

Margaret his Wife, Administratrix of Captain Henry Marshall, late also an Officer in the Marine Service, now deceased, on behalf of themselves, and great Numbers of other Officers in the Six Regiments of Marines, and the Wklows and Orphans, and other Representutives, of levelal of such Officers, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Niue a Clock,

Vou 17.

Luna, 14* die Apr;

Anno 11* Ann® Regime, 1712.

Prayers.

A MESS A G E from the Lords, by Mr. , and M r. Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act, Church to restore the Patrons to their ancient Rights of present- Present uion* ing Ministers to the Churches vacant in that Part of *"^c°d»uid. Great Britain called Scotland, with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming to Agmondisham Vesey Esquire, and his EtUu. Children, the Benefit, intended by an Act, passed in the FirH Year of her Majestyls Reign, for their Relief; and for discharging him and them of the Rents and Profits of their Estate incurred before the passing the said Act; without Amendment.

And then the Mefiferigers withdrew.

Mi*. Yeoman reported from the Committee, to whom Scotch the Bill tb prevent Abuses in making Linen Cloth; and Cinw*. regulating the Lengths, Breadths, and equal Sorting of Yarn, for each Piece made in Scotland; and for whitening the fame; was committed; That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: \\ here they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill for enabling James Griffin Esquire, Griffin’* and Edward Griffin, Son and Heir apparent of the said Eftaw* James Griffin, to raise Money to pay the Debts of the-fakl James; and to make a Settlement for the Benefit of themselves, and their Family; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title " be. An Act for enabling James Griffin Esquire, and Ed- ward Griffin, Son and Heir apparent, of the said James

Griffin, to raise Money to pay the Debts of the said James; and to make a Settlement for the Benefit of themselves, and their Family.

Ordered, That Sir JujUnianIsham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

Mr. Serjeant Richardson presented to the House, ac- Coggs, According to Order, a Bill for making moreefifeftual an Act, Luat*. passed in the 8th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act for vesting the Estate and Effects of John Coggs and John Dam, Goldsmiths and Partners, iu Trustees, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors; and for determining Differences thereupon; and for the more effectual veiling the Estates and Effects of Thomas and Thomas Brerewood, Hill Handing out, in Trustees, for the Ufeand Benefit of the Creditors of the said John Coggs and John Dana: And the same was received.

An ingossed Bill for enlarging the Time for Sale of Lord Bellew’rf Part of the Estate of the Right honourable Richard Lftat*. Lord Bellew, of the Kingdom of Ireland, veiled in Trustees by an Act of Parliament lately passed in the said Kingdom; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; Pr. L to leave out " this present," and mfert " the:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Jf<yi>/m/, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for enlarging the Time for Sale of Part of the Ellate of the Right honourable Richard Lord Beile:o,of

3 B the

186 146 ApriA. 1711.

the Kingdom of Ireland, veiled in Trustees by anA6t of Parliament lately passed in the said Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

to^iwking! A Petition of the Bailiff and Burgefiesof the Corpora-

tism Ro«d*. tion, and of the principal Inhabitants of the Town, of Buckingham, and the neighbouring Gentlemen, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the BH1, depending in this House, for repairing the Highway leading from Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, to Bif-

feter, in the County of Oxon, tends to the Prejudice of the Trade of the Town of Buckingham, by turning the Course of the Road.leading from Aylesbury, throughBmcA-tugham, to Brackley, Banbury, See. That the Road lead-.. . ing from Aylesbury to Buckingham is in some Places become very ruinous: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, agaiofttbe Bill for repairing the Highway leading from Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, to Biffeler aforesaid; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Highway leading from Aylesbury to Buck* ingham.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Chapman, and Mr. Burgh do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Person'a A Petition of Eleanor Peirfon, Relict of Wm‘. Peirfon, Estate. Ir.te of Plymouth, in the County of on behalf, and

as Guardian, of William Pehjon, her Son, a M inor under the Age of 21 Years, was presented to the Honfo, and Head; setting forth, That the Petitioner’s Hiifband, William Peirfon, was seised in Fee of an Estate at Kin-tabury, in Com* Devon, subjefit to an I ncumbrance of £. 600 to one Mrs. Warren: That he wasalfo Receiver of her Majesty’s Customs at That, at his

Death, there waddue to her Majesty a confideiable Sum from him: That the Estate is defoended to William Peirfon the Infant, who, by reason of Nonage, cannot sell the same: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for Sale of the said Estate, for discharging the said Incumbrance and Dent; and for settling the Surplus, if any, on the Infant William

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. BuUell, and Mr. Wrightson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Answer to Mr. Secretary St. John reported to the House, That Address. their Address, of the Ninth Instant, for a Report made by the Comptrollers of the Army to the Lord High 1 reafurer of Great Britain, relating to the Invalids, hath been presented to her Majesty; and that lhe hath been pleased to give Directions according to the Desire of this House.

Army Invalid Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, pursuant to

Arrears, their Add re Is to her Majesty, and by her Majesty’s

Commands, the Report of the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, to the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, relating to the Invalids.

The said Report is as follows; viz.

To the Right honourable Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain.

May it please your Lordship,

In obedience to your Lordship’s Order of Reference, of the 6th of September last, upon Two Representations relating to the Royal Hospital, and Out Pensioners, of Chelsea College; One from Mr. , by Directions

from the Right honourable Mr. How, Paymaster of the Guards and Garrisons, and Treasurer of the said Hospital, consisting of the several Heads following:

I ft, That the present great Expence of the disabled Invalids, who are sent from Abroad, and by her Majesty’s Establishment are entitled to several Allowances as OwtPensioners, according to the Condition in which they

*9

served, is not to be borne by the Poundage, and Days Pay, deducted from the Establishment of the Guards, Garrisons, Sc. the greatest Part thereof being expended for the annual Support of the Royal Hospital at,

and the necessary Charges payable out of that Fund: adly, That there’s no-other certain Provision for the Out Pensioners; many of whom are very moving Ob-jeQs of Companion; and, if not subsisted, must be exposed to perish, to the Discouragement of the Service: 3dly, That, by a State made of the full Deductions upon the present Year’s Establishment, with the Charge of the Hospital, to 24th June 1711, it appears, there will not be sufficient to pay all the Demands to that time, and subsist the Out Pensioners farther than the 24th of April last:

4thly, That, by the nearest Estimate which can at present be made, there will be wanting the Sum of £.35,800 to clear the Hospital, and carry on the Subsistence of the Out Pensioners, to 24th of next:

5thly, That, thereupon, he proposes a Demand may be laid before the Parliament, who the last Year gave the Sum of £.15,392. 17 s. at that time wanted* not only to grant a sufficient Sum to supply what shall appear wanting for the present Year; but likewise fix a Fund for the Support of the said Charge; which, during the War, is daily increasing:

6thly, That, till such Provision can be made, in case no Money can be issued for this Service, beyond the Poundage, and Days Pay, he desires to know, whether he may continue to pay the necessary Sums for the Support of the Royal Hospital, and Out Pensioners, out of any Money in his Hands, on Account of the Forces, till the same can be made good out of such Fund as shall be given for this Service; or whether he shall not issue any Money for the Support of the Hospital, and-Subsistence of the Out Pensioners, exceeding the Poundage," and Days Pay, of the Establishment under his Care.

The other Representation, being from the Governor and Deputy Governor of the said Hospital, imports, Thut pursuant to your Lordship’s Commands of the 25th July last, they humbly laid before your Lordship;

1 ft. A Copy of the Establishment of the Hospital: -2dly, A Lift of the Out Pensioners belonging thereto; the Pay tiiey are allowed; the Time of their Admittance; and the Regiments from whence they are certified ns Invalids:

3dly, There are some whom they have not an Account of the Time of their Admittance, or from what Regiments they came, beingbefore they were appointed CoBMnissioners; butfince that, the Account is as per-fest as can be prepared:

4thly, They take Notice, That, observing the daily Increase of the Invalids, the private Gentlemen of the Horse Guards, and the Corporals of Horse, have received Six Pence per diem per Man, and the Light Horsemen Three Pence per diem per Man, less than the Establishment directs:

All which having been referred to us by your Lord* ship, with Directions to inform ourselves, in the bell man* ner we can, of the Conditions and Qualifications of those named in the said Book; and of the Methods used in procuring Persons to be entertained as Out Pensioners; and to report to your Lordship a State of the whole Matter; with what Observations shall occur to us on such Examinations and Inquiries; and our Opinions thereupon;

We humbly report to your Lordship, That the Number of Invalid Out Pensioners being at this time above 3,400, including the Seven Companies draughted, con-lifting of several ClaHes; viz. of such as are called Twelve Peny Men; Nine Peny Men; Seven PenyMen; and Five Peny Men; we did, in order to give your Lordship a speedierView of the State of this Matter, proceed, by way of Specimen, to the Examination of those called the Twelve Peny Men; viz. the Corporals of Horse, and Serjeants of Dragoons; a List of the Numbers of which, under their present Qualifications, is delivered with this Report: And, in order thereunto, we perused tlje several Establishments relating to the Oat Pensioners

of

ti Ann.

of Chelsea Hospital, with the Patent constituting the Order, the Petitions And Certificates should not be Army In vat id

Commissioners for the Management of the said Hospital; annexed to the Order, and transmitted to the Com- Arrears, and find, That by the Establishment, dated the 6th Fe- misti oners of the Royal Hospital. bruary 1704., the Qualifications of such as were to be We had Reason to suspeiSt, That some of the Officers admitted Pensioners were, such that are or shall be dif- Hands to Certificates were counterfeited; and, in order abled by Wounds in Fight, or other Accidents in theSer- todiscover the fame, we sent Letters to several Agents Tice of the Crown; their having served the Crown 20 to conae and peruse such Signings: But though very few Years, are or shall become unfit for Service; and that of those Agents have been with us; yet, from some of such wereto bring a Certificate thereof from the Colonel, them, we areconfirmed in that Suspicion; and thereupon Captain, or Commander inChief, and Chirurgeon, of the think it necessary, that some more authentick Method Regiment, Troop, or Company, wherein they served; should be directed, than barely signing such Certificates, signed also by the Comtnissary General of the Musters ,or We cannot believe, Thatany General Officer, Colonel, his Deputy; by which the Time of their serving might or other Commanding Officer, of any Regiment, Troop, appear: and the Paymaster General of her Majesty’s or Company have been too easy in giving their Cer-Forces is directed to take care, that the Persons bring- tificates to Persons not qualified: But, observing that ing such Certificates be provided for accordingly. the Chirurgeonsof the Regimentshave very rarely signed

We further find, that the Commissioners, by their such Certificates, we are humbly of Opinion, for the Patent, are directed to prepare, and present to her Ma- future, their Hands and Seals should be to every Cer-jesty, for her Royal Approbation, suchEstablishment, or tifieate of Persons disabled; and that the Commissary Estabiiffiments, as they should think proper for the Ex- General, or his Deputy, should always certify how long pence of the said Hospital, and for the Out Pensioners those have been in the Service, whoclaimed Admittance of the fame. for having served 10 Years, and are become unfit for Ser-

And we find. That, upon the Commissioners Repre- vice; and that the Agents of the respective Regiments fentations of the Increase of the Number of Out Pen- doappear beforetheir Commissioners, at the usual Place sioners, her Majesty’s Warrants h*ve been obtained for of Meeting at the Horse Guards, to attest their Know-enlarging the Quarters of such Out Pensioners, Four lege of the Colonels, or other Officers, Hands, who sign several times; viz. on 23d March 170-7; on 14th such Certificates; and that, in order thereto, her Ma-January 1704; on the loth May 1706; and on'22d jesty’s Pleasure be signified, by the Secretary at War,

September 1709. that Duplicates of all Certificates given for Persons dif-

Weobserve, indeed, some who are specially admitted charged to be provided for in the Hospital, be trainf-by the Secretary at War’s signifying her Majesty’s milted to the Agents of each respefitive Regiment, to Pleasure to the Commissioners for" such Admittance: enable the m to give their Attestation; and that?, for the We have desired, from the Secretary at War’s Office, future, no Person be admitted, that comes not directly Ihe Petitions and Certificates of their Services, that their from his respective Regiment, Troop, or Company; or Preventions might appear to us: But Mr. Grenville hc- neglects to make Application within a short time limited quakits us, That some few only in his Time have been for that Purpose; nor that any Person be admitted, so provided for; whose Pretensions having been laid for the future, into the said Pension, who has a visible before the Queen, he takes her Majesty’s Order liieiv- Way ol maintaining himself.

upon to be a sufficient Voucher for allowing the n, inch Wehaveconsidered the Increase of the said Pensioners;

Provision: And as to any that were admitted b-fore and by the best Account we could get, which is only his Time, there are no Petitions or Certificates remain- perfect from Christmas 1707, we find the said increase ing in his Office: However, we humbly fnbmit it to has been as follows; observing only that, in the Year your JLordship, Whet her, even io this same of the Queen’s 1708, Six Companies of Invalids were draughted out:

Corporals of Horse. n a 3 2 & 'o 1 Light Horse. 1 8 £1) 2 O Serjeants. Drums* Corporals. Private Men*

At Christmas 1707 - 14 5 72 16 106 2 41 748

D* - - - 1708 - - 27 10 98 31 144 1 *5 283

D° - - - 1709 - - 94 24 111 64 356 *4 135 885

D* - - 1710 - - 160 43 336 86 578 24 226 11312

A

H

O

f"

1004

619

1683

2765

And that the present Number of Invalid OutPension- expected before Christmas; we may reasonably compute ers, collected from such Admittances, and distinguished the present Number, being about 3,450, will be in-under the several Regiments, Troops, or Companies, in creased, by Christmas next, to at least 3,800 Men. which they served, including the Seven Companies Wehavelikewifeconsideredtlie Increase of the Charge draughted this fest Spring, amounted, on the 24th of of the said Hospital, and InvalidOut Pensioners; and find August last, to near 3,300 Men: Since which, there hav- the fame, for Four Years last pad, to be as follows; ing been admittedabout 150 more, and great Numbers

Years ending Salaries. Provision*. Contingencies* Artificers. 7s. Men. Invalid Out Pensioners. Total.

at Christmas £ s* d- £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

1707 2,613 9 — 5,009 10 2 2,795 11 838 9 ii 947 8 7 6,410 14 4 18,615 3 — T

1708 2,613 9 - 4>93° 16 2t 3,265 19 84 476 8 104 458 17 6 7,45 5 19,150 12 84

*709 2,613 9 — 5,601 15 8 3,201 16 34 - - - 386 — 1 12,075 2 8 23,878 3

1710 2,613 9 — 6,677 11 9 3.34^ 17 14 - - 37» 1 4 26,281 6 10 39,285 16 —

£ 10,45316 — 22,219 13 94 12,605 14 114 1,314 18 ~ 2,153 7 6 52,'72 5 3 100,929 15 6

And think we may reasonably conclude. That the whole Expence of the Hospital and Invalids will, by Christmas next, amount to about 54,000 for the cur-

rent Year 17x1.

We find the Poundage, and Days Pay, of the Forces under the Care of Mr. Howe, to amount to somewhat Vox.. 17.

above £. 28,000 per Annum; out of which, deducing for Exchequer Fees, for the Allowance of the Pay-masters Office, New Years Gifts, the Commissary Generals, and Auditor of the I mprefts. Allowances, amounting to near£. 7,400 there remains qnly^. 20,400 applU cable to the said Hospital out of Mr. Howe's Deductions,

188 14* Ap. . 1712.

Annylnvalid tions, with the Day's Pay deducted from the Forces Arrears, abroad, hitherto applied to the said Use, amounting net to about £. 2,800, makes the whole Sum to answer the Charge of the said Hospital, out of the Deductions of Poundage, and Days Pay, from the Forces, to amount to about £. 23,200, so that there will want a Sum of about /. 37,000 to answer the current Year’s Expence of the said Hospital, from 1710 to

1711; besides the Sum of 3,322 8 or there-

abouts, due to Mr. Howe, on the Balance of his Hospital Account, for the Year ending at Christmas 1710; and a further Sum of £. 2,343 1 is. in Arrear to Artificers, who we do not find, have been fully paid for the Year 1708; nor any thing for the Years 1709, 1710, and 1711.

We find the Monies paid over to the Use of the Hospital-by the Paymasters of the Forces abroad, out of the Days Pay of the Forces under their Care, to amount but to£. 13,369 in Seven Years, from 1703 to 1709, inclusive; besides a Sum of 4,000, being the Surplus of the Bounty-money given, by the Parliament, to the Forces who were at the Battle of And that nothing has been answered to the said Hospital by the Paymaster of the said Forces abroad; notwithstanding the Queen’s Warrants in the several Establishments of the 40,000 Men, directthe Poundage to be applied to Payment of Exchequer Fees, to Hospital, to the

Charge of the Paymaster General’s Office, and to such other Uses as her Majesty shall judge necessary: Which Distribution being limited to such Proportions as her Majesty, by her Warrants, shall direct; we find no Sums upon that Head paid over for the Use of the Hospital, though the Poundage of the Forces under the said Paymaster's Care amounts to above £. 54,000per Annum.; out of which, the Poundage of the Forces in Flanders amounts to about £. 23,000.

We cannot but observe the Difficulties which Mr. Howe hath lain under to support the Charge of the said Hospital; which would have been very greatly indebted, had he not procured from time to time the several Sums following, in Aid of the Charge of the said Hospital over and above his Deductions from the Forces under his Care, and the Days Pay of the English Forces upon the foreign Establishment; viz.

In 1703, from the Exchequer, £. 550, and, out of the Money impressed to £. s. d.

Guards and Garrisons, £. 1,500 in all; 2,050 ——

In 1705, from the Exchequer, for the Out Pensioners, £. 2,409 18s. and more from the Exchequer forlnvalid Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers, £. t,397 13^. and out of the Hochjled Bounty-money before mentioned,£. 4,000, in all 7,807 11 — In 1706, from the Exchequer, for the Out Pensioners Arrears - - 643 5 1

In 1707, out of the Monies Imprested for Guards and Garrisons - 7,000 — —

In 1708, from the Exchequer, to clear the 1 id.Out Pensioners ... 782 19 7

And, in 1710, by Grant in Parliament 15,392 17 1

In all £' 33*676 12 9

Upon the Whole, we agree with the Memorial, That the present great Expence of the disabled Invalids, who are generally sent from abroad, is not to be borne by the Poundage, and Days Pay, of the Guards and Garrisons, flfc. they being already about Six or Seven Months in Arrear, and will probably be about Eight or Nine Months in Arrear by Christmas next: Wherefore, we humbly propose, That such Sums of Money, which might have been applied to the Use of the Hospital, out of the Poundage of the English Forces acting in Conjunction with those of her Majesty’s Allies, and which shall remain still unapplied, be directed by Warrant to be paid to Mr. Howe lbrthe Use aforesaid: and what such Part of the Poundage abroad, together with *9

Mr. Howe's Poundage and Days Pay may fall short of £. 58,000 at Christmas next. Application be made to Parliament for such Deficiency; and, from henceforward, what shall be found wanting over and above what comes from Mr. Howe's Office, and what your Lordship may think fit to direct from what is deducted from the Forces abroad, to make up such Deficiency, may he likewise applied for to the Parliament, according to the exacteft Estimate that can be made.

And we further humbly propose to your Lordship’s Consideration, whether Mr. Howe may not be directed to apply such Savings, as shall at any time happen, and are not otherwise disposed of, to the Use of the said Hospital: And, in regard that the Out Pensioners are so many Months in Arrear, and their Credit funk in their several Quarters, so that many of them are thrown into Gaol; as well as many People, who have given them Credit have been obliged to Leave their Dwellings; and others, under Apprehensions of the like Fate, from an Opinion, that the Out Pensioners may be discontinued; we humbly submit it to your Lordship, whether an immediate Order should not be given to Mr. Hozve, to advance the said Pensioners feme Months Pay; which, for the Reasons above, we think would not only be a feasonable Relief, but a Means to procure them fresh Credit in their Quarters, till fuel) time as Application may be made to Parliament in their behalf.

Rut whatever Method should be taken to provide lor the growing Charge, we humbly observe to your Lordship, That the whole Hospital Expence being likely to get up by Christmas next, to £. 58,222 os. 11 d. whereof the Out Pensioners will probably amount to £.36,882 15$. 8 d.care is to be taken how such an Expence,

which may continue in a great Degree several Years after the Conclusion of a Peace, shall be borne, when the Poundage, and Days Pay, of the Guards and Garrisons, may pollibly be the only Fund for that Service.

All which is humbly submitted.

Comptrollers Office,

Privy Garden, P. Medoxcs.

6th of November 1711. Ja. Bruce.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read for the House to Supply, resolve itself into the said Committee;

Ordered, That the Petitions of the several Comini ffion Officers, and the Clothier, of the Four Companies of Invalids, formed in order to serve in Gnrrifon at Ports-moulh; and of the Commissioned Officers of the Three Companies of Invalids upon Duty at the Tower of Iwn-don: and also of the Clothier of the said Companies; which have been ordered to lie upon the Table; be

referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed (lie Chair. j

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to leport, when (he House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Iicfolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Way*; Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the anliAleA", 1 whole House, to consider farther of Waysand Means for

raising the Supply granted to her Majesty. (

Ordered, That the Bill to encourage the Importing Impor!im> of Naval Stores from North Britain be read a Second Nav;:l m, :« time upon Wednes'day Morning next, in a full House. J Sc,t'

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

ii Ann

i zf Aprilis. i8o

Martis, 150 Apr ilis;

Anno ii* Ann® Regin®, 1712.

Prayers.

Cogg’s. &c. A BILL for making more effectual an Act, parted utates. f\ in the 8th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate and Effects of John and John Dann, Goldsmiths and Partners, in Trustees, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors; and for determining Differences thereupon; and for the more effectual vesting the Estates and Effects of Thomas Pitkin and Thomas Br still {landing out, in Trustees, for the Use and Benefit of the Creditors of the said John Coggs and John; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Railing Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Militia, raising the Militia, for the Year 1712, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid: And that Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solicitor General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be a Clause in the said Bill, to provide for the rectifying a Mistake in an Act, parted this present Session of Parliament, intituled, an Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters; and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

Hill’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. f0r Sale of Part of the Estate late ef Edward Hill Esquire, deceased, in Orton and in the County of

Northampton, for the discharging several Incumbrances thereupon, and the Performance of the last Will of the said Edzcard Hill; and for the Settling of other Lands

and Tenements in Roicel aforesaid, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Isham, Mr. Earle, Mr. Mr. Duncomhe, Sir

Arth, Kay, Sir Bryan Stapleton, Sir Robert , Mr.

Pitt, Sir Jacob Ajlley, Mr. Mr. Freman, Sir

Wm. Whitclocke, Mr. Worsley, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Goulston, Mr. Onjloic, Mr. Mr. Burslem, Sir

John Wcodhouse, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Middleton, Sir Hum. Mackworth, Mr. Curance, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr.

Sharp, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Etterick, Mr. , Sir

Wm. St. Quint in, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Vernon, Dr.

Mr. Campion, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Medlycot, Mr vwndley, Mr. Guyn, Colonel Byerley, Sir On-

Jlow, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Finch, Lord Dozone, Mr. Brig-flock.Sir Roger Hill, Mr. Bertie, Mr. JeJjjbp, Mr.

Addijbn, Mr. Worlley, Mr M r. Ilarvey; and

all that serve for the Counties of

and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Duloe Sir William Whitelocke reported from the Committee, Vicarage, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making a perpetual Augmentation to the Vicarage of Duloe, in the County of out of

the Tythes and Profits of the Rectory of Duloe, in the County of Cornwall, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to repoi tthefame to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

tvick’s Debt Mr. Bertie presented to the House, according to »o the Crown. Order, a Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury.of Great Britain, for the Time being, to compound with the Executor of Michael Wicks Esquire, deceased, late Receiver General of the Plantation Duties in the Port of London, as the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, of England, were by a former Act of Parliament enabled

Vol. 17.

to do with the said Michael Wicks himself: And the Bill was received.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually preventing EJttfions — fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for fraudulently electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament, was ^u,tlP*ying read the Third time. ote*‘

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That the Sheriff of the County Palatine of Chester cause a certain Number of Tables to be made, at the Costs of the Candidates, for taking the Poll at every Election; and to be fe't within the Shire-hall:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, gff*’,) 9«-

Tellers for the Noes, {wrcS; j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 2. L. after " Essoign," to insert " Privilege:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmondley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being moved. That the 6th and 7th Admiralty Sections in the Act of the Sixth Year of her Majesty.’s Droits. Reign, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom by Cruisers and Convoys, might be read;

The same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given, upon the Report of the Bill for the collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the better Support of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich; and for the further Benefit thereof; to offer a Clause, or Clauses, for restoring the Droits and Per-quiiites of the Admiralty; and for taking away the Five Pound for every Man on board Ships taken from the Enemy, that is granted by the said Act to the Captors.

Ordered, That Sir George. Bing have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Month, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

The Orders of the Day being read;

A Bill for the explaining and amending a Clause in Southampton; the Act of the 7th and 8th Years of the late King plu<|e of William, intituled, An Act for the further regulating at tle<aion*<' Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing and returning such Members; relating to the Adjournment of the Poll, at Elections of Knights for the County of Southampton, from Winchester, to Newport in the Isle of M ight j was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { J ro9.

Tellers for the Noes, { £ mlf}, S9'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

3 C Mr.

190 15° Aprilis. A. 1712.

Supply, Mr. Conyers reported from the Committeeof the whole That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty thousand Pounds, be House, who were to confnler farther of the Supply grant- granted to her Majesty, upon Account, for defraying ed to her Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him the Charges incurred, or to be incurred, for the Support to report to the House; and hereadthe same in his Place; of the Ro3’al llospital at and of the Invalids,

and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Out Pensioners, thereunto belonging, over and above

Where they were read; and are as followeth; viz the Poundage, and Days Pay, applicable to that Use;

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and also to defray the Charge of Cloathing, and Pay, of That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Nine hundred the Invalid Companies.

Eighty Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence, be grant- 12. That it is the Opinion of this Commit-

ed to her Majesty, for the extraordinary Allowance of tee. That a Sum, not exceeding Six Thousand Two green and dry Forage for the several Regiments of hundred and Five Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, Dragoons quartered in North Britain, between the 22d for the Pay of the Commissioners for inspecting the Ac-of December 1710, and the 23d of December 1711. counts relating to the W ar in Italy, and Portugal,

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and of their Secretary, for the Year 1712.

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-three thousand Six 13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commit-hundred Thirty-seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and tee. That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Six Imn-Two Pence Halfpeny, be granted to her Majesty, for dred Sixty-three Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eight the Pay of several Officers in New England, sent under Pence, be granted to her Majesty, for the Pay of the the Command of Brigadier Nicholson, and of other several Officers employed with the Troops in New Officers and Soldiers of the Troops formed there, for England, sent thither with Brigadier Nicholson in 1710, the Taking of Port Royal, with the incident Charges and of Thirty Lieutenants, sent thither in 1711, upon relating to that Expedition. Ensigns Pay, for the Year 1712.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 14. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Commit-That a Sum not exceeding One thousand Four hundred tee. That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Five Seventy-three Pounds Nine Shillings and Nine Pence hundred Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, upon Ac-Halfpeny, be granted to her Majesty, for One hundred count, for her Majesty’s Bounty to Volunteers, and Days Forage-money in the Spring 1711, and One hun- impressed Men, raised, and to be raised, for Recruits, dred Days more for the Winter 1711, for Colonel Kerr's for the Service of the Year 1712, and for Pay of the Regiment of Dragoons, sent from North Britain to Commissioners Clerks.

Flanders. 15. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commit-

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Nine tee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Four hundred Fourteen Pounds Five Shillings, be granted hundred and Sixty Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, to her Majesty, for Forage, Waggon-money, and Bread for One hundred* Twenty-three of the English Light Waggons, for Colonel Kerr's Regiment of Dragoons, Horse killed and loft in the Service of the last Campaign and a Battalion of Foot Guards, serving in the

% in Flanders. Countries.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commit* the Opinion of this Committee, tee. That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Five hundred be granted to her Majesty upon Account, for her Ma- Fifty-five Pounds Ten Shillings, be granted to her Majesty s Proportion of the extraordinary Charge of Forage jesty> for the Pay of Two additional Troops, and addi-to the Troops, in their Winter Quarters, in Flanders tional Men to the other Troops, of the Earl of Stair's 1711-12, and for Magazines of dry Forage, to enable and General Regiment of Dragoons.

the Troops to take the Field early in the Spring. 17. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cora-

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commit- mittee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand

tee. That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Two Seven hundred Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, upon hundred Fighty-five Pounds Fifteen Shillings, be grant- Account, for the Pay of several Officers en in

ed to her Majesty, for the ordinary and extraordinary Britain, and of others serving in Spain and Flanders, Expence of the Battalion of Otlinghen, taken into the for the Year 1712.

Service of her Majesty, in the Year 1711, on Account 18. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commit-of the Neutrality. tee. That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-four thousand

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commit- Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, upon Account, for

tee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand One Half Pay to the Officers of several Regiments of Foot hundred Thirty-hhree Pounds Seventeen Shillings and and Dragoons reduced, and to be reduced, upon the Six Pence, be granted toiler Majesty, for her Majesty’s Establishment and in the Year 1712.

Share, being a Moiety of the Charge of Two Regi- 19. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commitments formed in Flanders, out of French Deserters, tee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight shouland Four from their Raising to the 31st of October 1711. hundred Seventeen Pounds One Shilling and Eight

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commit- Pence, be granted to her Majesty, for Pay of the Gene-

tee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand One ral and Staff Officers, serving in Portugal, for One hundred Forty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Quarter of a Year, from to 1712;

Two Pence, he granted to her Majesty, for her Ma- and for Contingencies for the Army and Hospitals; jesty’s Proportion, being a Moiety of Sixty thousand and for Forage, and Waggon and Baggage Money, for Crowns, to be paid the Elector Palatine, in Considera- the same time.

tion of the Expence in fending his Troops into the Low The First, Second, and Third, Resolutions, being Countries, in the Campaign 1711. severally read a Second time, were, upon the Queliiou

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

That a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred Eighty-six The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time:

PoundsOae Shilling, be granted to her Majesty, towards And a Motion being made, and the Question being

her Majesty’s Proportion of Forage, or Bread, for the put, That the House do agree with the Committee in Four Palatine Battalions of the Corps of Neutrality. the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding Two

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, thousand Four hundred Sixty Pounds, be granted to her That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Four hundred Majesty, for One hundred Twenty-three of the Twenty-five Pounds, be granted toiler Majesty, for the Light Horse killed and loft in the Service of the lull Pay ot Tnroe Commissioners, and their Secretary, to Campaign in Flanders;

inspect the Accounts relating to the War in Spain, Por- It passed in the Negative.

tugal, and Italy, to the 22d of December 1711, and for The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read Contingencies of their Office, upon Account. a Second time, were, upon the Question i'everally put

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Message

fiomeldon’s

LlUie.

Avon

Navigation

Crown

Levies.

Deal Chapel.

Expiring

Law*

Greenwich

Hospital.

Ditto.

African

lude.

Publication ot Libelb.

Negate to

Wheti'tone

toad.

11 Ann.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orlcbar and Mr. Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manors of North Court and in the

Parish of Swingfeld, in the County of Kent, Part of

the Estate of Richard Gomeldoit Esquire, for discharging Incumbrances: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for making the River Avon, in the Counties of and Goucester, navigable from the City of Bath to or near Hanham's Mills, without Amendment Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to give farther Time for inrolling such Leases, granted from the Crown, as have not been inrolled within the respective Times therein limited; and for making the Pleading of Deeds of Bargain and Sale inrolled, and of Fee-farm Rents, more easy; without Amendment. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for completing a Chapel of Ease in the Lower Town of Deal, in the County of Kent, by a Duty on waterborne Coals' to be brought into the said Town, without Amendment. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the reviving and continuing several Acts therein mentioned, for the preventing Mischiefs which may happen by Fire; for building and repairing County Gaols; for exempting Apothecaries from serving Parish and Ward Offices, and serving upon Juries; and relating to the Returning of Jurors; without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of John Pomfey, James and Philip

Freake, on behalfof themselves, audthe rest of the Own-ers of the Ships Duke and D, lately arrived from the South Seas, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in the Bill for collecting the Duties to Greenwich Hospital there is a Clause added, That, in case.. any Dispute or Controversy touching the Agency for Officers and Seamen, that then such Person only shall be Agent as shall be adjudged by the High Court of Admiralty to be lawfully appointed by the major Part of the Officers, and by the major Part of the Seamen, on their behalfs: That there has been several Controversies for the Agency for the Officers and Seamen of the said Ships: That the Petitioners are informed the said Clause will subject their Agreements to the Court of Admiralty, whereas they ought to be determined at Law-: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Clause.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Aijlaby reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the better Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich and for the farther Benefit thereof was committed; the Amendments which they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table:

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the Bill for efiablishing a Trade to AJrica in a regulated Company.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of that Part of her Majesty’s Message to the House, the 17 th of Januarylaft, which relates to the great Licence taken in publishing false and scandalous Libels, be received upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Windsor, Sir Ja. Bateman, Mr. Anvejley, Mr. Rakes, Mr. Thompson, Mr. , Mr.

Vol. 17.

!9I

Wynn, Dr. Pajk, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from the Town of gate to and beyond the Town of in the,

County of Middlesex, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 160 die Aprilis j

Anno ti° Anne Regins, 1712.

Praters.

A BILL to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Wick'*

Commissioners of the Treasury, of Great Britain, Debt to the for the Time being, to compound with the Executor Crown* of Michael Wicks Esquire, deceased, late Receiver-General of the Plantation Duties in the Port of London, as the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, of England, were by a former Act of Parliament enabled to do with the said Michael Wicks himself, was read the Firtl time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fermor'* for felling certain Lands, Part of the Manor of Weight- Estate. field, alias Whitefeild, and other Lands, in the County of Gloucester, for the Payment of the Debts heretofore of Mary Fermor Widow, deceased, and of Afore, junior, of Kirtlington, in the County of Nottingham Esquire, and Margaret his Wife, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, ac- Railing cording to Order, a Bill for raising the Militia, for the Militia. Year 1712, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act, passed this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mullers; and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Legacies for the more easy Recovery of small Gifts and Legacies

given to pious and charitable Uses: And that Mr.

Annesley, Sir Hum. Mackworth, and Mr. Cotton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of George Mathew junior, of Thurles, in Mathew V the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, was presented to the Estate* House and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner’s late Wife, Martha Eaton, was Tenant in Tail General . of Lands in Ireland, of £.1,000 per Annum Value, with Remainder to Chichester Phillips Esquire, and others:

That the Petitioner, and his said Wife, in 1704, levied Fines and suffered Recoveries thereof, and settled the same on the Petitioner, and his Heirs: That the said Philips got a Clause tacked to the Act, made in the Eighth Year of her present Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act to prevent the Growth of Popery, fife.; whereby the said Fines and Recoveries are defeated, and the Petitioner hath loft his Estate of Inheritance, and only remains Tenant by the Courtesy: And praying. That a Bill may be brought in for his Relief, and the said Fines and Recoveries Hand in force.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Trevanion, Mr. Attorney General, Sir William Whitelocke, and Mr. Hungerford, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gzoyn, from the Commissioners of Trade and Sufferers in Plantations, by her Majesty’s Command, presented to s'chrifo-the House a Representation touching the Distribution p^rj. of the Money allowed by a late Act of Parliament to

150 — i 6° Aprilis

G re vile's EftaU

Supply Bill; Duties on Soap, See.

Ways and Means.

Importing Naval Stores from Scotland.

Gre rm'ifh Hospital.

19 a

1 66 — 170 Aprilis.

such Proprietors, &c. as should resettle at or

St. Chrifophers

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Representation do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the honourable Algernon Grevile, Esquire to make a Settlement of his Estatesiu the several Counties of York and Warwick, pursuant to Agreements made by him on his Marriage with the honourable Mary -met Jett his now Wife, was committed. That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and fonud the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Conyers presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper, made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and stained Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Studs, printed, painted, or llained; and upon Bricks, and other Things therein mentioned; to raiie Money, by way of a-Lottery towards her Majesty’s Supply: And the same was received ;.....the First time.

Rej'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill to encourage the Importing of Naval Stores from North Britain, be read a Second time upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

Clause D being read aSecond time, That the Persons having Power to admit any Seaman into G Hof-

pital, shall consider as duly qualified, any Seaman dil-abled in Defence of any Ship belonging to any of her Majesty’s Subjects, agaitill the Enemies of her Majesty;

The same was amended; and then, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was olfered, to be added to the Bill, That the Monies to be distributed amongli the Claimers should not exceed acertain Sum; and that if the Monies demanded by the Claimers, before a certain Day, should exceed that Sum, that then that certain Sum should be divided amongst the Ciaimers, by way of Average: and should be, in full of their Demands; that Persons entitled should come to receive their Claims, before a certain Day, or be excluded; that the Receiver of Prizes pay to the Treasurer of the Hospital, for {lie Use thereof, all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be and remain in his Hands, after certain Days for claiming, and coming to receive, the fame, have been past j and, the same Sams not claimed, That the Treasurer dispose of the same for the Use of the Hospital, as he should be directed; that in case there should be any Monies wanting, by the Receiver of Prizes, to pay the Captors Rewards, and the Charges incident, that then the said Treasurer might pay back lo the said Receiver such Monies as should be deficient:

And the same was received; and once read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Clause be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition ^,rtu3al of Thomas Brooke and John He of London, Merchants, is referred, have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Elec-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and tions, that was to lit this Afternoon, be adjourm

Committee ol' Privileges. 1

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the better Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for the farther Benefit thereof; was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then the fame, as far as Clause B, were severally read a Second time; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B being read a Second time. That no Hoys, Smacks, or Vessels, belonging to the Port of London, and employed within the North Foreland in bringing Corn, &c. to the said Port, be chargeable by this Act;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

ivt Sir John Norris,

Tellers for tire Yeas,|Mr €hapman; 3>-

Tellers for the Noes, ;§Z^John/m:

The Number of Voices being equal, Mr. Speaker declared for the Yeas.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Clause C, being read a Second time. That in case of Controversy for Agency for Officers and Seamen, such Persons shall be the Agents who shall be adjudged by the Admiralty to be lawfully appointed by the Majority of such Officers or Seamen;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Jovis, 17° die Aprilis;

Anno ii* Annas Regins, 1712.

Prayers.

MR. Wrightfonpresented to the House, according to Pierson’s

Order, a Bill for Sale of the Eiiate of William - titate.

/on Esquire, deceased, for Payment of an Incumbrance thereupon, and a Debt due from the said William to her Majesty, as he was Collector of the Customs at Plymouth: And the same was received;and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for veiling the Manor of Caton, in the County Ridd.-H'« i of Lancaster, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Eftaie. J the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon the Estate j

of Edward Riddell Esquire, in the County of Northumberland, was read a Second time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. son, Sir Arth. Kay, Sir Wm.Withers, Mr. Lloyd, Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Shqfto, Mr. Mr. j

Gwyn, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Heysham, Sir Geo. j

Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Gybbons, Mr. Conyers, Mr. \

Attorney General, Mr. Philips, Mr. Braccbridge, Mr. '

Farrer, Mr. Bulteel, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Quick, Mr. I

son. Dr. Pajke, Mr. Herne, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bellafife,

Mr. Levingflon, Mr. Campion, Captain Chapman, Mr.

Neivland, Mr. Manley, Sir Jacob AJXley, Lord Wm.

Pmolett, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Richard Hoar, Sir James 1

Bateman, Mr. Laugharne, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr.

Mundy, Mr. Brigflock; and all that serve for the Counties of Lancaster, York, and NorAnd they are to meet this Afternoon qt Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr.

Mathew’s

El'tate.

11 Ann.

Mr. Trevamon preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Relief of George Mathew Esquire, against a Clause in an Act of Parliament, passed in Ireland, whereby several Fines and Recoveries, and a Settlement of his Wife’s Estate, are set aftde: And the same was received; and read the First time. Bejblved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

F.gerton’s An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mate. for the Sale of the Manor of alias Agerjley,

and Marchington, and several Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Stafford, for Payment of the Mortgage-monies charged thereon, and other the Debts of the honourable Charles Egerton Esquire, was read the Third time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord William Pozvlet do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this I louse hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

F.ofton A Petition of the honourable Philip Bertie Esquire, Election. was pr<?fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That on the Second of April 1712, came on the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Boston, in Lincolnshire, in the room of the Right honourable Peregrine Bertie Esquire, the Petitioner’s Brother; deceased; where the Petitioner, and one Mr. Cotefioorth, were Candidates: That by Bri-

bery, and other undue Practices, the said Mr. procured himself to be elected and returned a Burgess for the said Borough; to the apparent Wrong of the Petitioner: And praying to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident! ion of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House,

Hiali«ate to A Petition of the Freeholders, Landholders, and In-tv hetftone habitants, of the several Parishes of St. Mary Islington,

oad* St.James, Clerkenwell, and St. Pancrajfe, was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending for repairing the Road from the Town of Highgateto and beyond the Town of , in

the County of Middlesex: And whereas the Roads, and common Highways, leading from the Watch-house in Clerkenwell, to Highgate, being near Four Miles in Length, and is the great Road, leading from the City of London, to the Northern Parts of Great Britain, by reason of the great and heavy Loads, and Carriages of (roods, is become very ruinous and dangerous; and for that the ordinary Course, appointed by the Laws in force, is not sufficient for the amending the same, except some otherProvision be made for the raising Money towards putting the same in good Repair: And in case the said Road above-mentioned should not be amended by the said intended Bill, the Number of Travellers, Coaches, and Carriages, that go the said Northern Road, will receive little or no Benefit thereby; And praying to be heard, by their Counsel j and that they may have a Benefit of the said Toll.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Copy-holders, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish,

in the County of Middlefe, wherein Part of the Road between Highgate and lies, was presented to

the House, and read j setting forth, That the Petitioners find a Bill is depending for repairing the Road from the Town of Highgate to and beyond Whetstone, in the said County of Middlesex; which Road is very necessary to be repaired, for the Conveniency of all Passengers that have Occasion to pass through the fame: That the Road adjoining to the said Highway; viz. between Cherry-tree-hill, from which the said Road is intended to be repaired, and Highgate Gatehouse, in Length One Voi,. 17.

*93 i

Mile and Half, or thereabouts, is equally as ruinous as the Road aforesaid, and cannot be effectually repaired by the Petitioners, without some other Provision be made for that Purpose: And praying, That the said Bill for repairing the Road aforesaid may extend so far as to amend the said Road between Cherry-tree-hill and Highgate Gatehouse.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for the raising the Militia for the Year 1712, Railing although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for rectifying aMiftakein an Act, passed this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mutters; and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters; was read a Second time.

ReJ'olved» That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of Greenwich the Clause offered Yesterday, to be added to the Bill HospiuL for collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the better Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for the farther Benefit thereof:

And the Clause was read a Second time, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for Craifers and Convoys to have the foie Ln-tereli and Property in all Prizes taken by her Majesty’s Ships of War, or Privateers, after Condemnation is*given to the Captors; whereby the ancient Right of the Lord High Admiral to One-tenth Part is entirely debarred, and taken away; and, by the said Act, it is enacted.

That there shall be paid by the Treasurer of her Majesty’s Navy, upon Bills to be made out, by the Commissioners of the Navy, to the Officers, Seamen, and others, on board such of her Majesty’s Ships of War, or Privateers, taking any Ship of War, or Privateer, from the Enemy, Five Pounds for every Man; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act as relates to taking away or barring the aforesaid Admiralty Rights, and so much of the said Act as relates to the giving the said Bounty-money of Five Pounds per Head, as aforesaid, from and after the 29th Day of 712,

shall be, and is hereby, repealed; anything in the said Act contained to the contrary in any ways notwithstanding:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the farther Consideration of the Report of the said Bill be adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

A Bill for laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper, Supply Bill; made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and Duties on

upon chequered and stained Linens imported; and upon Soap’ "c' certain Silks, Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; and upon Bricks, and other Things therein mentioned; to raise Money, byway ofaLottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

’ Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday

3 D Morning

170 Aprilis.

1

African

Trade,

scotch Union Equivalent.

Wilks’ Debt to the Crown.

Guide ford’s Lflate.

American Prize Goods.

Duties on Paper.

194 17* — a 1'

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for establishing a Trade to Africa in a regulated Company.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who were appointed to examine the general Abbreviate of the Demands upon, and Payments made out of the Equivalent, to the 3d of Augu 1711; and the State of the Cash of the Equivalent, to the 3d of

1711; was referred; be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna> 210 dAprilis\

Anno 11* Annas Reginas, 1712.

Prayers.

A BILL to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with the Executor of Michael Wilks Esquire, deceased, late Receiver General of the Plantation Duties in the Port of Las the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury of were by a former Act of Parliament enabled to do with the said Michael Wilks, was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Hand other Lands therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, the Estate of Sir Robert Guldeford Baronet, for the Payment of Debts: and for settling the Camber Farm, and other Lands in the said County of to the same Uses as the said Manor of now

(lands settled; was read the Firfi time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Merchants importing Prize Goods from America, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of the Merchants importing Prize Goods from America.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Pasteboard-makers, in and about the City of London, relating to the Bill for laying certain Duties upon Paper, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners understanding, that this honourable House have resolved to bring in a Bill for laying certain Duties upon the several Sorts of Papers made in this Kingdom, and imported hither from beyond the Seas: and the Petitioners having no other Dependence for the Maintenance of their Families, but their aforesaid Trades of making Paste-boards, whereof great Quantities are made in this Kingdom, and also imported from Holland, called Mill-boards; which, being wrought up in the Mill to the thickness of those Pasteboards made by the Petitioners, do not come under the Denomination of any of the Sorts of Paper liable to pay the Duties aforesaid; and her Majesty's Revenue, intended by the said Duties, greatly impaired; and the Consumption of Paper will be leffeued Fifty thousand Reams yearly: And whereas.

Aprilis. A. 1712.

formerly, all Boxes, called Pasteboard Boxes, were made of Paper, now intended to be subjected to the said Duties, those Boxes have been, of late Years, made of Wood, imported into this Kingdom, called Scaloboard, which hinders the Consumption of vail Quantities of Paper: And praying that a proportionable Duty may be laid upon Millboards; and that those Boxes; called Pasteboard Boxes, may be made only of Pasteboards made of Paper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Petition of the Soap-makers of London was offered to the House:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill to appoint Commissioners to examine the Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and upon what Considerations such Grants were made; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and ilained Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; and upon Bricks, and other Things therein mentioned; to raise Money, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; is committed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do alter and make both the said Bills into one Bill.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } I0'-

Tellers for the Noes, j j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit. again.

Resolved, That this House will, on Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfelfinto aCommittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and stained Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; and upon Bricks and other Things therein mentioned; to raise Money by way of a Lottery towards her Majesty’s Supply: And also, upon the Bill to appoint Commissioners to examine the Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown, since 14 the

Soap-maleri

Petition*

Groats by the Crown.

Ways and

Supply Bill; Duties on Soap, lie*

11 Ann. si* — 2

the 13th Day of February 1688; and upon what Considerations such Grants were made.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martity 2 2° die Afrilis;

Anno 11* Annas Reginse, 1712.

Praters.

so-j’s, Sec. A BIL L for making more effectual on Ad, parted in i iiaiei. /V the Eighth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

An Act for vesting the Estate and Effects of John Coggs and John Dann, Goldsmiths and Partners, in Trustees,

for the speedier Payment of their Creditors; and for determining Differences thereupon; and for the more effectual veiling the Estates and Effects of Thomas Pitkin and Thomas Prerewood Hill Handing out, in Trustees, for the Use and Benefit of the Creditors of the said John Coggs and John Dann; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Richardson, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Heyfiam, Mr. Anjiis, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. C, Mr. , Mr.

Burslem, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Bruere, Mr. Lloud, Mr. yers, Mr. Benda, Mr. Mr. Hampden Sir

Richard Onslow, Mr. Do, Sir Wm. Barker, Mr. Campion, Mr. Onslow, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. Bertie, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Manley, Mr. Cotton, Mr., Tilney, Sir Roger Brad/haigh, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Eden, Mr. Cross, Mr.

Lutwich, Dr. Pajke, Mr. Robinson, Colonel Cafs, Mr.

Plumptree, Mr. Pitt, Lord , Mr Mr.

Ferrier, Sir Jacob Afiley, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Aldioorth,

Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Sir Tito. Cave, Sir

Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Shafto, Mr. Fitz Williams, Mr. Newland, Sir Geo. Newland Mr. Gxoynn, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Quick, Mr. , Mr. Burgh.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they receive a Clause to inlarge the Time for the Creditors of the said John Coggs and John Dann to come in and take the Benefit of the said former Act.

fmmfcll’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Li;ate. to enable Owen Thomas Bromfall Gentleman, to fell divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Bedford, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Captain

ChapmanfbJlv. Bingham, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Cotton, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Cholmondely, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Plumptree, Lord Wm.Powlet, Mr. Winjlandley, Mr. Lutwich, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Bellafyfc, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Hampden, Sir Geo. Newland, Sir Morice, Sir Wm. Withers, Sir Robert E, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Carter, Mr. Gery, Sir Wm. Barker, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Campion, Mr. Heyfiam, Mr. England, Mr. Burslem, Sir Richard

Hoar, Mr. Barlow, Dr. Pajke, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Cross, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Currance, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. ' Wogan, Mr. Newland, Sir Pat. Johnson, Mr. Serjeant Richardson, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Levenfon; and all that serve for the Counties of Bedford and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the eiprfting Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

itiupts. for repeaiing a Clause in the Statute, made in

the 21st Year of the Reign of King James I. intituled, An Act for the farther Description of a Bankrupt; and Relief of Creditors against such as shall become Bankrupts; and for infliding corporal Punishment upon the Bankrupts in some special Cafes which makes Descrip-Vol. 17.

i0 Aprilis. 195

tions of Bankrupts; and for the Explanation of the Law* relating to Bankruptcy in case of Partnership:

And the same were read; and are as follow;

1 Pr. 38 L. leave out, " such," and insert " the said:"

41 L. after " the," insert " Advice, and :"

1 Pr. 5 L. leave out such," and insert " the said and, in the same Line, after " be," insert " from and " after the Twentieth Day of April, in the Year of our " Lord 171a:"

6 L. leave out " and are hereby:"

8 L. leave out " such," and insert " the said;" and, in the same Line, after " shall," insert " from and " after the said 20th Day of April

14 L. leave out the Second " such." and insert "the said:"

17 L. leave out " heretofore," and insert " before the said 20th Day of April

31 L. after " Ad" insert " or any other Act " relating to Bankrupts."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Withers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.;

An ingrossed Bill for the better supplying the Town Boston of Bofion, in the County of Lincoln, with fresh Water, 'Vat*r" was read the Third time. wor *’

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

P. L.# to leave out " and with

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was araeuded at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better supplying the Town of Boson, in the County of Lincoln, with fresh Water.

Ordered, That Mr. Wynn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Raising resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the raising the Militia for the Year 1712, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act, parted this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters; and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they receive a Clause, to enable the Justices of the Peace for the County of Dorset to take an Account of the Trophy-money levied in the said County in the Year 1688; and to oblige the Persons who received the same to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands to the Treasurer of the County Stock, for the publick Use of the said County.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Ways Committee of the whole House, who were to consider and Mean*, farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as followeth; viz.

1. Resolved,

aa° Aprilisi

Ways i. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

*nd Means. That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, certain Stamp Duties shall be laid upon Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, whereupon shall be ingrossed, written, registered, or entered, several Matters and Things, not heretofore charged with any Stamp Duties.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said new Duties, for every Piece of Vellom, or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, or written, any Surrender of, or Admittance to, any Copyhold Land, or Tenement, within that Part of Great Britain called

Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed; or any Grant, or Lease, by Copy of Court-roll, or any other Copy of the Court-roll, of any Honor, or Manor, within the same Part of Great Britain; be the Sum of Two Shillings and Three Pence Sterling.

3. Rejulved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said new Duty, for every Piece of Vellom, or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or registered, any Mandate, Precept, Process, Libel, Allegation, Plea, Reply, Duply, Affidavit, Interrogatory, Deposition, Order, Decret, Sentence, or other Act judicial. Writ or Proceeding, of or in any Court or Session, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; or any Copy of the fame, or any of them, whether the same be the Act of such Court, or of any of the Parties; be the Sum of Five Pence Sterling.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said new Duty, for every Piece of Vellom, or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or registered, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, any Writ or Instrument, whereby to demise, lease, tack, enfeoff, pledge, gage, hypothecat, convey, settle, assure, assign, or transfer, any Manor, Lordship, House, Land, or Tenement, or other real or personal Estate, be the Sum of Five Pence Sterling.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said new Duty, for every Sheet, or Piece of Vellom, or Parchment, or Sheet, or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or registered, any Admission of any Advocate, Prodlor, Writer to the Signet, or other Member of the College of Justice, or into any other Society, or Body Politick or Corporate, Burgh, Stewartry, or other Guild, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be the Sum of Twenty Pence Sterling.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said new Duty, for every Piece of Vellom, or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, or written, any Rule, Order, Judg-ment, or Act, not already charged with any Stamp Duty, of any Ecclesiastical Court, Court of Admiralty, or any Court of Law, or Equity, in Great Britain, be the Sum of Thirteen Pence sterling.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That where more than One of any of the Matters or Things aforesaid shall be. ingrossed, written, entered, or registered, upon One Piece of Vellom, Parchment, or Paper, that then the said respective Duties be charged on every one of such Matters and Things.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That over and above the present Duties, a farther Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence be laid upon every Piece of Vellom, Parchment, or Paper, upon which shall be written any Transfer of Stock, in any Company, Society, or Corporation in Great Britain.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty be laid upon all Pamphlets, and Newspapers, printed or written.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be One Peny on every Angle Half Sheet, printed or written.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve Pence be charged for every Advertisement in any printed Paper.

1 z. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence be laid upon every whole Sheet of any Pamphlet, or Newspaper, printed or written.

13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That the aforesaid Duties upon all ft imped Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, be granted to her Majesty for the Term of Thirty-two Years.

14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty be laid upon all Stock in Hand of Cards, and Dice, that has not already paid the former Duty thereon.

15. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be Six Pence per Pack ou Cards, and Five Shillings a Pair for Dice.

16. Resolved, Th&tit is the Opinioivof this Committee, That a farther Duty be laid upon all Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame.

rj. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said farther Duty on the said Commodities imported, be after the Rate of Thirty Cent, ad valorem; and upon those made in Great Britain, after the Rate of Twenty per Cent, ad valorem.

18. Rc/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said farther Duties be granted to her Majesty for the Term of Thirty-two Years.

the First and Second of the said Ilesolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 3d of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the said Resolution be re-committed to the same Committee.

The 4th of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the said Resolution be re-committed to the same Committee.

The 5th Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the said Resolution be re-committed to the same Committee.

The 6th Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the said Resolution be re-committed to the same Committee.

The 7th Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the said Resolution be re-committed to the same Committee.

The 8th, 9th, 10th, nth, 12th, 13th, and 14th, Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 15th Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the said Resolution be re-committed to the same Committee.

The 16th Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 17th Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out "Thirty per Cent, ad valorem," and instead thereof to insert " Eight Shillings for every Hundred " Weight

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by leaving out " Twenty per Cent, ad

valorem," and instead thereof to insert, "after the Rate " of Six Shillings for every Hundred Weight:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That the said farther Duty on the said Commodities imported, be after the Rate of Eight Shillings for ever}' Hundred Weight; and upon those made in Great,

after the Rate of Six Shillings for every Hundred Weight.

The last Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Motion

Supply Bill; Duties on &oap, &c.

Col. Alexander and Regiment's Relief:

Kortbffeet

Road.

Hill’s

Estate.

ii Ann. 22°: — 23

A Motion being made, And the Question being proposed, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper made in Great , or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and stained Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, CallieoeS, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; and upon Bricks, and other Things therein mentioned; to raise Money, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty's Supply; That they do leave out of the said Bill such Clauses as relate to the laying a Duty on Bricks, Tiles, Slate, Lime, and Stones; and to receive such Clauses as are necessary to fubfl it ute an Equivalent for the fame, out of the Duties upon Stamps, agreed to by the House;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question was put, That the Debate be adjourned:

It passed in the Negative.

And after some farther Debate, another Motion was made, That the House do now adjourn.

And then the House, upon the Question, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 23* die Aprilis;

Anno 11* Annas Reginae, 1712.

Pr A YERS.

A BILL for the Relief of Colonel Francis Alexander, and his Regiment, in the Leeward Islands, ih America, was read a Second time.

R (plied, That the Bill be commuted.

ReJblved, That the Bill be committed to aCominittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Account of the effectiveMen in the Regiment of Foot in the Leeward Islands, iu America, lately commanded by Colonel James Jones, and now by Colonel Francis Alexander, according to the Muster-Rolls returned to the Paymaster General ofher Majesty’s Guards, Garrisons, Sic. linoe the Time the said Regiment was cleared, in the Year 1709, so the time of the last Muller Rolls received from the Regiment; and also, the Extract of a Letter from Colonel Parke, late Governor of the Leetvard Islands, to the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, dated the 4th of May 1709; and a Copy of a Letter from Colonel Parke to Colonel Jones, dated the 8th of April 1709; the Extract of a Letter from Colonel Parke, late Governor of the Leeward Islands, to the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, dated the 24th of April 1710; with the Copy of a Petition from the Soldiers to Colonel Parke; which were ordered to lie upon the Table

till the said Bill was read a Second time; be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Mr. Hart reported from the Committee, to wholh the Bill for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the Road betwixt Northjlcet, GraveJ'end, and in the County of Kent, was committed. That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they bad directed him to report to the House; and lie read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir JttjUnian Ifhamreported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Edward Hill Esquire, deceased, in Orton and Rowell, in the County Von. 17.

aprilis. 197

of Northamp'on, for the discharging several Incum-

brances thereupon, and the Performance of the last Will of the said Edward Hill-, and for the Settling of other Lands and Tenements in Rowell aforesaid, in lieu thereof, to the same Ufts; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table;

An ingrossed Bill to prevent Abuses in making Linen Scotch Cloth; and regulating the Lengths, Breadths, and equal L>nen« Sorting of Yarn, for each Piece made in Scotland; and for whitening the fame; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 31. to insert " of Great Pr. 3. L. 35. to leave out "next:"

Pr. 4. L. 44. to insert " of Great Britain Pr. 5. L. 11. to insert "and:"

L. 19. to leave out "next:"

Pr. 6. L. 10. to insert " of Great Britain :*

L. 14. 15. to leave out "fued for and reertVCred," and insert " committed :"

And the same were, npoti the Question severally pfft thereupon, Agreed onto by the House; and thfe Bill Was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rbfolved, That the Bill do pass: Arid that the Title be, An Act to prevent Abuses in making Linen Cldth; and regulating the Lengths, Breadths, and equal Sotting of Yarn, for each Piece fnade in Scotland; and fc/r Whitening the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Yeoman do calrry the Bill to the Lords, arid desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Leaseholders, arid In- Highgate t« habitants, of the Parish of Finchley, Fryern Barnet, Whetfton* South Mims, Hendon, Hadley, Hamjled, in the County ^oa<1, of Middleje.v, Ridge, Totteridge, East Barnet, Chipping Barnet, Henley, Northaw, Bijliops North

Mims, in the County of Hertford; was presented to the House, arid read; felting forth, That the Petitioners ate informed, That a Bill is brought into this honourable House fot repairing the Road front the Town of Highgate to and beyond the Town of ,in the County of Middlesex: That the great Road leading tb the Northern Parts of Great Britain lies through thfe said Parish of Finchley, about Three Miles and a Half iri Length, Ohe-fourth Part whereof is, and hath been, conftaritly repaired by the Parish of Fryern yet

the Patish of Finchley do not amend full Three Miles; although several large Gravel-pits are very near the Road upon Finchley Common, yet, through Neglect, the said Roads are riot near so Well amended as they ought to be: That the Petitioners now pay a Toll at Highgate, which ought to be applied towards amending the said Roads; which is now converted to private Uses:

That the Petitioners annually pay great Sums of Money, by a Pound Rate, towards amending the said Roads:

And prayingto be heard, by their Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

Mr. Attorney General, according to Order, reported Railing from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Militia. Bill for the railing the Militia for the Year 1712, although the Month’s Pay formerly advanced be not repaid; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act, passed this present Sefikm of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny arid Desertion, and false Mullers; and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters; was committed; the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; arid he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered

3 E them

©ftery

Tickets

Unpaid.

Ways and Means.

198 23° — 240

them in at the Clerk's Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Lieutenants, or their Deputies, ilia.II not issue out Warrants for the raising any Trophy-money, till the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of such Justices, at their General Quarter Sessions for their respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, and Places, thall have examined, Rated, and allowed, the Accounts of the Trophy-money last raised for any preceding Year, and certified such Examination of the said Accounts under the Hands and Seals of Three of such Justices:

Ami the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Sir William Hodges Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by Decree of the High Court of Chancery, of the loth of April 1706, it appears, That Manuel Henriquez, of the City of Amsterdam, Merchant, is intitled to Fourteen Tickets in the Million Lottery, for X.250 each Ticket; That the said Manuel Henriquez hath, by his Letter of Attorney, impowered the Petitioner to receive the Money due thereon; but the Paymaster of the said Lottery Tickets thinks it not safe to pay the said Money, by direction of the said Decree only, without the Authority of Parliament -, in regard the Tickets themselves cannot be produced: And praying, That Leave may be given, That a Clause may be inserted in some Bill, to impower the said Paymaster to pay to the Petitioner, for the Use of the said Manuel Henriquez, the Monies due on the said Fourteen Tickets.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cousideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House:

And it is to be referred to Mr. Smith, Sir Wm.

[on, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Wm. Pole, Mr. Monckton, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Jo/, Jekyll, Mr. Farrer, Dr. Pajke, Sir James Bateman, Mr. Manley, Mr. Conyers, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Fra. Child, Sir Bunbury, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Wm.Withers, Mr Mr. Tre-

vanion, Mr, Scobell, Mr. Farrier, Mr. , Mr.

Coates, Mr Hern, Lord Wm. Pawlet, Mr. Budge, Mr. Campion, Mr. Gen;, Mr. Gtoyn, Sir Jo. Norris, Colonel Cafs, Sir Jo. Cope, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. PhiUipps, Mr.

Gould, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ixnvndes, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Moor, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Manat on, Mr. Harvey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they

had considered of the Resolutions Yesterday re-committed; and also the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Abraham Elton, Benjamin Coole, and Edicard Lloyd, Merchants in Bristol, and John Hitchcock, and John Shorey, and James Knight, Merchants in London, in behalf of themselves, and all the several Manufacturers in Copper Ore, Lapis Calaminaris, wrought Brass, Battery, Sc. within the Kingdom of Great Britain, was referred; and also the Petition of the Brafiers, and other Artificers, working in wrought Brass, inhabiting in and about the Town of in the County of

Derby and that they had come to several Resolutions;

20

Aprilis.

A. 1712.

which the Committee had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Air. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, on Monday Alorn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, on Friday Mora- Supply Tull; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Limeson House, upon the Bill for laying several Duties upon !>0ap’ &c‘ Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and stained Linens imported; and, upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; and upon Bricks, and other Things therein mentioned; to raise Aloney, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and also upon tire Bill to appoint Commissioners to examine the Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown since the 13th Day of February 1688; and upon what Considerations such Grants were made.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the PuUicati'i whole House, who were to consider of that Part of her of Libel*. Majesty’s Message to this House, the 17th of January last, which relates to the great Licence taken in publ idling false and scandalous Libels, be received upon Tuef-day Alorning next.

Ordered, That all Committees which are appointed Committee, to fit this Afternoon be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 24* die Aprilis;

Anno it* Annas Regina:, 1712.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act GomclaV?

for Sale of the Manors of North Court and Boxjn- ' Liiiate. ton, in the Paridi of Szvingfeild, in the County of Kent,

Part of the Estate of Richard Gomeldon Esquire, for discharging Incumbrances, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committf*.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Lewes Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Peter Gott Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fermnr's for felling certain Lands, Part of the Manor of Weight- Estates. fetid, alias Whitefeild, and other Lands in the County of

Gloucester, for the Payment of the Debts heretofore of Mary Fermor Widow, deceased, and of John More junior, of Kirtlington, in the County of Nottingham,

Esquire, and Margaret his Wife, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Captain Burgh, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Bingham, Sir Arth. Kay,

Colonel Stephens, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Bracebridge, Air.

Robinson. Colonel Drake, Nr. Gale, Sir Gilbert Dolben,

Air. Wynn, Mr. Manley, Mr. Quick, Mr. Gape, Captain Chapman, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Bertie,

Air. Gery, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Manatnn, Mr. Berners,

Air. Anf is, Mr. Hungerford, Lord Mr.

Shackerly, Sir Geo. Newland, Sir Air.

Aldworth, Mr. Burfem, Mr. Smith, Air.

Mr. Carnegie, Mr. Heyfiam, Mr. Givyn, Mr. Luxe son,

Mr. Nezeland, Mr. Winstanley, Mr. Air.

lafyfe, Mr. Ward, Sir John Mor daunt, Mr. Mead, Sir

Win.

11 Ann.

2 4° Aprilis.

199

Wm. Whithers,\lv.Coates, Colonel Cage, Mr.

Mr. Ettcrick, Mr. Shuttle:vor/h, Mr. Mr:

Bofcazoen: And they sire to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ili^h^ate to \Yhetstone Road.

h

r

y

r.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Hertford, Bedford,

and Buckingham.....and other Inhabitants of the

laid Counties, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners being informed, That a Bill is brought into this honourable House for repairing the Road from the Town of to and beyond

the Town of Whetfonein the County of , by

aToll to be imposed upon all Travellers using that Road: That the Petitioners are informed, that the Rents of the Parish of Finchley, whose Inhabitants sue for the said Bill, amounts to the Sum of ,£.3,000 and upwards; and there are several Gravel-pits lying and adjoining upon the said Road, which may be had at very reasonable Rates: That the Petitioners being likewise informed, That if the Parishioners of the said Parish of Finchley had formerly done their Duty, as by Law they ought to have done, or yet should do the same accordingly, as other Parishioners of the neighbouring Parishes have, and Hill do, there could be no Occasion for any such Bill for the Repairs of the said Road; and that there is a Toll already settled, as the Petitioners are also informed, for repairing the said Road: And pray to be heard, by their Counsel, a gain ft the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto! A Petition of the Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Northaw, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners finding, that a Bill is brought into this honourable House for the repairing the Road from the Town of Highgate to and beyond the Town of Whctflone, in the County of Middlesex, which is the great Road to the Northern Parts of Great Britain: That the said Road is become very ruinous and dangerous to all Persons avid Cattle passing through the same: That the said Parish, in which the Road lies, is not of Ability to repair the fame: And praying, That the said j > Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto.’ A Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Parishes of South Mims, and Munkin Hadley, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and y, read; setting forth. That the Petitioners finding that

' a Bill is brought into this honourable House for. repairing the Road from the Town of Highgate to and beyond the Town of Whetftonin the County of Middlesex: That the said Road is become very ruinous and dangerous to all Persons and Cattle passing through the feme: That the Parish in which the said ruinous Road i, doe? lie is not of Ability to repair the fame: And pray-

ing, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

C>r.^nwich A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

t.oipual. That the House do now proceed upon the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the better Support of the Royal Hospital of; and for the farther

Benefit thereof; was committed;

It passed in the Negative.

t

Ways and Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Means. Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply

granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions they had di-Vol. 17.

reded him to report to the House; and lie read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerks Table: Where they were read; and are as followeth; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion'of this Committee, That the new Duty for every Piece of Vellom or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, or written, any principal or original Instrument of Surrender, or Resignation, of any Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Tythes, Mills, Fishings, and other heretable Rights, or any of them, to be made to any of her Majesty’s Subjects who are, or shall be, the Superiors thereof, or to any City, Town, Burgh, or Corporation, or to any Magistrates, or others who have Power to receive such Surrenders, or Resignations in Scotland, be the Sum of Two Shillings and Three Pence.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty for every Piece of Vellom or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, or written, any Charter of Resignation, Confirmation,

Novodamus, or Charter, upon Apprizing or Adjudication made or granted by such Superior, or others, as aforesaid, in Scotland, be the Sum of Two Shillings and Three Pence.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duty for every Piece of Vellom or Parchment, or Sheetor Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, or written, any principal or original Retour of any Service of Heirs, or any Precept of in Scotland,

be the Sum of Two Shillings and Three Pence.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty for every Piece of Vellom or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in-groll’edjor written, any principal or original Sasine taken or following upoti any Mortgage, Wadset, heretable Bond, Alienation, or Disposition, or upon any Charter, Precept of Clare conjlat, Retours, Apprizings, or Adjudications, in Scotland, be the Sum of Two Shillings and Three Pence.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty for every Piece of Vellom or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed* or written, any principal or original Instrument of Surrender, or Resignation, Services, or Cognitions of Heirs, Charter, or Salines, of any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, holding Burgage, or of Burgage Tenure, in Scotland, be the Sum of Two Shillings and Three Pence.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That where more than One of any the Matters or Things aforesaid, shall be ingrossed, written, entered, or registered, upon One Piece of Vellom, Parchment, or Paper, that then the said respective Duties be charged on everyone of such Matters and Things.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty upon Stock in Hand of Cards and Dice, that have not already paid the former Duty, be an Half-peny per Pack for Cards, and Six Pence a Pair for Dice.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a certain Time be limited for the bringing into the Office for Stamp-Duties all the Stock in Hand of Cards and Dice, that hate not already paid the former Duty, to be stamped.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That the said Duties be granted to her Majesty for the Term of Thirty-two Years.

10. Resolved, That if is the Opinion of this Committee, That a farther Duty be laid on all wrought Brass called Black Latten, and Metal prepared, imported into Great Britain.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said farther Duty upon Black Latten imported, be Eleven Shillings per Hundred.

12. Resolveedflhatit is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said farther Duty upon Metal prepared, imported, be Eight Shillings and Four Pence per Hundred.

the Nine First of the said Resolutions, being severally

read

,r

Greenwich

Hospital.

African

Trad*.

ChII of the House.

Powell'* Right of T rude.

Guldefurd’s

EiluLe.

200

24" — 2 50 Aprilis. A. 1712.

read a Second lime, H ere, upon the Quefrion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The loth Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, that a farther Duty he laid on ail wrought Brass called Black Latten, and Metal prepared, imported into Great Britain.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f Sir Arthur I n

letters for the leas, Sir ]/um J 94-

Tellers for lire Noes,) 5ir Igg^BrMaigh,

'\Sir j 01

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the said llesolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions, and the Resolutions from the Committee, who were to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, that were agreed unto by the House the 23d of February last, and 22d Instant: And that Mr. Conyers, Sir Thomas Poioys, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the better Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for the farther Benefit thereof;.....be adjourn-

ed till Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

1

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for establishing a Trade to Africa, in a regulated Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrertook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the said Committee, That they bad heard Counsel upon the Petitions of the Itoyal African Company, and their Creditors; and also had heard thefeparate Traders; and had made some Progress in the Bill; and directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be farther adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Gery, Mr. Mr.

son, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. HopkinsMr. Mr.

Hern, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Powell, of London, Merchant, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 25®

Anno 11° Annae Regina*, 1712. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of and other

Lands therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of and Suffix, the Estate of Sir Robert Baronet,

for the Payment of Debts; and for settling the Camber Farm, and other Lands in the said County of Sussex, to the same Uses as the said Manor of Hcmjled now Hands settled; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Brig flock, Mr. Campion, Sir Richard How, Mr. Wright son, Mr. Smith, Admiral Aylmer, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Mr. Quick, Sir

John Cope, Mr. Neicdigafc, Captain Burgh, Mr. Loch-art, Mr. Roberts, Sir Robert Davors, Mr. Murray, Lord

Powlet, Mr. Ilcijsham, Sir Richard Iloar, Captain

vanion, Mr. Pytts, Mr. PJlfbn, Sir King, Mr.

Eltcrick, Mr. Plinnptree, Sir Wm. Whithers, Mr.

Jlcm, Mr. Dowdcfutcll, Captain Chapman, Mr. Fielding,

Mr. Powlett, Mr. Gybbons, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr.

Cross, Mr. Gale, Mr. Hampden, Colonel King, Mr.

Johnson, Lord How, Sir /of. JckplMr.

Mr. Bristow, Sir Hum. Mackworth, Mr. Sir

Pa/r. johnson, Mr. Page, Mr. Sir Gilbert

Dolben, Mr. Shackerlcy, Sir John JValter, Mr. Coles, Sir Roger Bradfliaigh, Sir Win. B’ccheiSir John Norris;

and all that serve for the Counties of Kent and Suffix, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Live a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of Green*-; V the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the bet ter Support of the Royal Hospital at

Greenwich-, and for the farther Benefit thereof; Was committed.

And several other Amendments were made by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order being read, for the House to fefolve itself Supply Fill; into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Duties <m laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper made in Soap’ ^c* Great Britain, or imported into the same; and upon chequered and stained Linens imported, and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; and upon Bricks, and other Things therein mentioned; to raise Money, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and also upon the Bill to appoint Commissioners to examine the Value of all Lands, and other Interests granted by the Crown, ft nee the 13th Day of February 1688; and upon what Consideration such Grants were made;

Ordered, That the said Committee have Powc'r to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for allowing a Drawback for Soap used in the Woollen Manufacture exported.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive a Clause for Relief of such Persons as have neglected to bring and prove their Benefit Lottery Tickets in due time, upon the Lottery Acts for 1710 and 171 x, or any of them.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive a Clause for Relief of such Persons as are intitled to any Monies due and unpaid upon any Exchequer Bills, or Lottery Tickets, which have been loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive a Clause for a Drawback to be allowed for the Duties laid upon all Paper used in the printing any Books in the learned Languages, upon the Exportation thereof.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bills; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bills.

Ordered, That Mr. Mead, Mr. Guyton, Mir. Hopkins, Lottery be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Ticket*

Sir William Hodges Baronet, was referred. unpauk

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

piirlWi

fcfute.

Southwell's

Eiute.

Duloe

Vicarage.

Fifty new Churches*

ii Ann

ioi

Sabbat/, it* die Aprilis \

Anno ii* Annae Reginae, 1712.

Pkaters.

ABIL L for Sale of the Estate of William

Esquire, deceased, for Payment of an Incumbrance thereupon, and a Debt due from the said William Peirfon, to her Majesty, as he was Collector of the Customs at Plymouth, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bingham, Mr. Blackmore, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Quick, Mr.

Fox, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Munday, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Ferrier, Dr. Pajke, Mr. Bulled, Sir Wm. Carew, Mr. Anncjley, Mr. Croft, Mr. Mr.

Farrer, Colonel Byerley, Mr. Earl, Mr. Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Shafto, Sir Win. Pole, Mr. lonel King, Mr. llungerford, Mr. Sir Robert

Eden, Colonel Ace, Sir John Mordaunt. Colonel Stephens, Mr. Campion, Sir Robert D a Mr. Lowther, Mr.

Shackerley, Mr. Newdigate, Mr Captain

Chapman, Mr. Currance, Sir 77 Lee, Mr. Gery, Captain Burgh, Mr. Shippen, Lord Wm.; and all

that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Edward Southwell Esquire, to grant certain Houses and Lands, in the County of Gloucester, to Joshua Franklynof Bristol, Merchant, for a Term of

Years, in order to the better Improvement thereof, and of other adjacent Lands of the said Edward Southwell, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Mcdlycot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making a perpetual Augmentation to the Vicarage t»f Duloe, in the County of Cornout of the Tythesand

Profits of the Rectory of Duloe, was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Whilelocke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill for enlarging the Time given to the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an Act, intituled, An Act for granting toher Majestyfeveral Duties on Coals, for Building of Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and and Sub-

urbs thereof; and other Purposes therein mentioned; and also for giving the said Commissioners farther Powers, for better efTeding the same; was read the Third time.

An ingossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

Then the Clause was amended; and read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by thelloufe to be made Part of the bill.

Another ingossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That by an Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of King C the Second, intituled,

An additional Act for the Rebuilding of the City of don. Uniting of Parishes, and Rebuilding of the Cathedral and Parochial Churches.withint lie said City; whereof the Church of St. Mary is One, directed to

be rebuilt out of the Duties upon Coals imported and brought into the Port of the City of London, or River of 'Thames, within the Liberty of the Lid City; and by one other Act, made in the l'irft Year of King James the Second, a further Duty was laid upon Coals imported, lor completing of any the said Parochial Churches that Vo i» 17-

might happen to remain unfinished; and that, by one other Act made in the Eighth \ear of the late King William the Third, a Duty or Imposition of Twelve Pence perChalder, or Ton, of Coals impbrtcdjOrbrought in, as aforesaid, shall be appropriated as in the said Act of the First Year of King James is mentioned; except as in and by the said last-recited Act is otherwise particularly directed: And whereas the Parish Church of Saint Mary Woolnotli was, for the Conveniency of the Inhabitants there, only repaired, and not rebuilt; and the old Walls, Fall, West, and South; and the Roof thereof, together with the Tower or Steeple, are now become so ruinous, that there is a N ocelli tv of rebuilding and finifiting the fame; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to appropriate, out of the Surplus

of the Monies anting by the said Duties of Twelve.

per Chalder, or Ton, on Coals, applicable for the Purposes in the said Act of the First Year of the late King James the Second, after the said Cathedral Church shall be finished and adorned, and other Charges upon the said Duties discharged, so much Money as shall be sufficient for the Rebuilding and finithing of the said Parish Church of St. Mary Woolnoih, and the Tower there-as shall be necessary:

And the same was twice read, with a Blank); which was filled and the Clause amended.

And then the same was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Houseto be made Part of the Bill.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1, L. to leave out " for," and insert " of Pr, 6, L. 43, to insert " such:"

Pr. 7, L. 1, to insert " or they," and " or their Pr.ig.L. to leave out "this," and insert "the said former:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Time given to the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an Act, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties on Coals, for building of Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Sub-

urbs thereof; and other Purposes therein mentioned; and also for giving the said Commissioners farther Powers, for better effecting the fame; and for appointing Monies for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Mary Woolnoih, in the City of London.

Ordered, That Mr. Annejlcy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into ai Wicks’s Debt Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable to the Crown, the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury of Great Britain, for the Time being, to compound with the Executor of Michael Wicks, Esquire, deceased, late Receiver General of the Plantation Duties in the Port of London, as the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, of England, were, by a former Act of Parliament, enabled to do with the said Michael Wickes.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bertie took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bertie reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made fonie Amendments thereunto; Which they had directed him to report, wherf the (Ioufe will plcate to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

3

202

a 8" — 29°

Luna, 28* die Aprilis;

Anno ii° Annas Regime, 1712. Praters.

WieV»‘»Debt 11 T R. Bertie reported from the Committee of the *?*h* J.tX whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Crown* lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury of Great Britain, for the Time being, to compound with the Executor of Michael Wicks Esquire, deceased, late Receiver General of the Plantation Duties in the Port of London, as the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, of England, were, by a former Act of Parliament, enabled to do with the said Michael Wicks, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Placet and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Crevile’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act EAate. to enable the honourable Algernoon Grevile Esquire, to make a Settlement of his Estates in the several Counties of York and Wartoick, pursuant to Agreements made by him on his Marriage with the honourable Mary me rfet, his now Wife, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Railing An ingrossed Bill for raising the Militia for the Year Militia. 171», although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act, passed this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for pun idling Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mullers; and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words, M to " the said respective Lieutenants, or their Deputies

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: and the Words were added at the End of the Bill, at the Table, accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1712, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act, passed this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mullers; and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters; and for taking'Accounts of Trophy-money, formerly raised and collected.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Church The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

Prefeutations Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, " Scotland. Act to reliore the Patrons to their ancient Rights of p re fen ting Miuillersto the Churches vacant in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

And the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

3 Pr. L. 2, leave out from the Second " the," to " Provided," in the Fifth Line; and, iullead thereof, insert " Persons, or Ministers, presented before the Making of this Act, ought to have been admitted."

The laid Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the house

Ordered, That Air. Murray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Aprilis. A. 1712*

Mr. Hungerford, reported from the Committee, to Lottery Whom the Petition of Sir William Hodges Baronet, was ^Icj^ referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, thereupon; 081)31 which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Alorning next.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for laying several Duties upon stamped StamP Du-Veliom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein men- tie*' tioned; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and forcharging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice, in the Hands of the Dealers therein: And also Bill for laying Duties on Black Latten, and Metal prepared: And the same were received; and severally read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bills be read a Second time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Alorn- Wayi ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 40(1 House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to consider of the Bill for laying several J)utlts on Duties upon Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or Suiy)’ imported into the fame; and upon chequered and stained Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Li* nens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or llained; and upon Bricks, and other Things therein mentioned; to raise Money, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply: and also upon the Bill to appoint Conamiflioftr ers to examine the Value of all Lauds, and other Interests, granted by the Crown, since the 13th Day of February if>88; and upon what Considerations such Grants were made.

Afr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sp- iker resumed the Chair.

Afr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the said Bills; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Af or tiring, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bills.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 29* die Apr ills;

Anno it" Annas Reginae, 1712.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Oomeldnu for Sale of the Manors of North Court and -ton, in the Parish of Swingfeild, in the County of Kent,

Part of the Ellate of Richard Gomeldon Esquire, for discharging Incumbrances, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jujl.

Isham, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Carter, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bailie, Lord Dozen, Mr. General Ecclyn,

Mr. Manley, Sir Hum. Mackuorth, Mr. Netvland, Mr.

Shafto, Mr. Serjeant Pratt, Sir Hen.Bunbury, Mr. Smith,

A!r.Shuttleworth, Mr. Dalbexj, Sir Geo. Colonel

Byerley, Mr. Winjianley, Lord Harley, Sir Arlh. Kay, Mrz Earl, Sir Wm. Pole, Mr. Nolle, Mr. Cap-

tain Burgh, Sir Jof.Jekyll, Sir Wm.Withers, Mr. Fairer, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Marriott, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Murray, Mr. Fleetwood, Mr. Quick,

Mr. Hampden, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Bradshaigh, Mr.

Millington, Mr. Lloyd; and all that serve for the County 19 of

Hill's

Eflati.

Supply Bill; Stamp Duties, !tc.

Supply Bill 5 Duues on Latum

fatrick’t

dilate

It Ann. if Aprilis. 10$

of Kent} and for the Cinque Porta: And they are to ineet tins Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Edward Esquire, deceased, in Orton and Rowell, in the County of Northampton, for the discharging several Incum-

brances thereupon, and the Performance of the lad W ill of the said Edward Hill; and for the settling of other Lands and Tenements in Rowell aforesaid, in lieu thereof, to the same lifts; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the

Bill;

Pr. 8. L. left, to leave out the First which," and insert " with

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Jujlinian If ham do carry the Bill to the Lords and acquaint them. That this I louse hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which they dehre their Lordships Concurrence.

A Bill for laying several Duties upon such damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, as therein mentioned; and for liceufing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice in the Hands of the Dealers therein; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the lame; and upon chequered andliained Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Cal-Kcoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or liaiued; and upon Bricks, and other Things therein mentioned; to raise Money, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and also to whom the Bill to appoint Commissioners to examine the Value of all Lands and other Interests, granted by the Crown, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and upon what Consideratioas such Grants were made; are committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do leave out of the Bill for laying several Duties on Soap and Paper made in Great,

or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and stained Liuens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or liaiued; and upon Bricks, and other things therein mentioned; to raise Money, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; such Clauses therein as relate to the laying a Duty on Bricks, Tiles, Slate, Lime and Stones; and insert, iu lieu thereof, the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and that they do alter and make the said Bills into One.

A Bill for laying Duties on Black Latten, and Metal prepared, was read a Second time:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Blackmore, Mr. ScobtU { M r. Shackerley, £ Mr.

So it passed in the Negative.

81.

i‘3-

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr, Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Jjal'/am, and other Manors and Hereditaments, in the County o{Suffolk, and elsewhere, late the Estate of Sunon Fulrick Clerk, deceased, for the

Voi,. 17.

several lYrrposes therein mentioned: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And a Bill, intituled, an Act to enable William We stera Western’s Esquire, an Infant, to make a Settlement of his Eliate, upon his Marriage, not wit branding his Infancy: To which they desire tin? Concurrence of this House:

And have also passed a Bill, intituled, Au Ad to enable Henle/i Trtiftees to cat and fell Timber on the Estate late of An- ElUte. thony Henley, deceased; and for applying the Money thereby anting towards Payment of his yOnnger Childrens Portions provided by his Marriage Settlement; and also for transferring certain Eftutfcs, by the same Settlement now veiled in Richard Norton Esquire, to other Trustees, on the same Trulls: To which they desire the t oticurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners public for taking, examining, and dating the publick Accounts Account*, of the Kingdom, presented to the House the 17th of March lad, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Marine whom the Petition of Colonel Richar Cobh am, Lieute- Awaar*.

nant Colonel Waiter Pallifter, Lieutenant Colonel

dr Siaicre, Major Henry Bradflurigh, Major Robert

Kemp, Officers in the Marine Service, and Richard Bellajyje Esquire, and Margaret his Wife, Administratrix of Captain Henry Marf mil, late also an Officerin the Marine Service, now deceased, on behalf of themselves, and great Numbers of other Otiieers in the Six Regiments of Marines, and the Widows, Orphans, and other Representatives, of several of such Officers, was referred, be received upon this Day Sevenmght.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a guppiy Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying Duties on several Duties upon Soap and Paper made in Great - Soap, fcc. tain, or imported into the lame; and upon chequered and dainerl Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes. Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or dained ;to raise Money by way of a Lottcrv, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and upoti the Bill to appoint Commissioners to examine the Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and upon what Considerations such Grants were made; and also upon the Bill for laying several Duties upon such damped Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice, in the Hands of the Dealers therein*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported, That they had made a farther Progress; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bills.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Southampton night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Place of Poll House, upon the Bill for the explaining and amending a at Eleajon* Clause in the Act, of the 7th and 8th Year of the late King William, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the eleding and returning such Members; relating to the Adjournment of the Poll, at Elections of Knights for the County of , from

Winchester, to Newport, in the fjle of Wight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Coj. AUxan-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole deraad House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Colonel Francis Regiment's

Alexander, rell*f-

Publication Of Libels.

'African

Trade.

Patrick's

Estate.

Fifty new Churches.

Hill's

Pilate.

Western's

EAate.

204 29* — 3o® Aprilis — 1 'Mail A. iyii.

Alexander, and his Regiment, in the Leeward in America.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of that Part of her Majesty is Message to the House, the 17th of last, which relates to the great Licence taken in publishing falseand scandalous Libels, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for efiablishing a Trade to Africa in a regulated Company.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30° die Aprilis;

Anno 11* Ann® Regime, 171a.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of and other

Manors and Hereditaments, in the County of Suffolk, and elsewhere, late the Estate of Simon Patrick Clerk, deceased, for the several Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

been violently assaulted, hurt, and wounded; and, partis cularly, the Petitioners John Bryan and Philip Cholmley; who, attending upon a Member and Magistrate with several Affidavits, and a Representation of former Outrages, were, in a surprising manner, assaulted and bruised, that the said Cholmley's Life was despaired of, by the Footmen attending at the House: And praying this honourable House will take notice of such great and outrageous Breaches of her Majesty’s Peace.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House: And it is referred to Mr. Medlicolt, Mr. , Siy

Ja. Montague, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Palmes, Mr- Bayley, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Loiother, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Moore, Sir Ja.Bateman, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cotes, Mr. Sir

Cha. Turner, Mr. Fortescue, Lord Wm. P ovule It, Mr. Gate, Mr. Loumdes, Mr. Fair, Mr. Harley, Mr. Serjeant Pratt, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr Colonel

Lee, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Fra. Child, Mr. Moncton, Mr. Burgh, Mr. Cross, Sir Pair. , Mr.

Ferrier, Mr. Quick, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Powlett, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Robert Mr Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. Serjeant Coming, Mr. Manley, Mr. Wentteorth, Mr. Cotesworth and all that serve for the Counties o f Middlesex and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the time given to the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties upon Coals, for building , Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof; and other Purposes therein mentioned; and also for giving the said Commissioners farther Powers, for better effecting the fame; and for appointing Monies for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Mary Woolnoth, in the City of London; without Amendment. And,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Edward Hill Esquire, deceased, in Orton and Rmoell, in the County of Northumberland, for the discharging several Incumbrances thereupon, and the Performance of the last Will of the said Edioard Hill; and for the settling of other Lands and Tenements in Rowell aforesaid, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act* to enable William Wefern, an Infant, to make a Settlement of his Estate, upon his Marriage, notwithstanding his Infancy, was read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of budeion the Bill for laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and upon chequered and stained Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed* painted, or stained; to raise Money, byway of a Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and upon the Bill to appoint Commissioners to examine the Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown, fmee the 13th Day of February 1688; and upon what Con* siderations such Grants were made; and also upon the Bill for laying several Duties upon such stamped Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Slocks of Cards and Dice, in the Hands of the Dealers therein.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

M r. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the said Bills; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bills.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Henley's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to cut and fell Timber on the Estate late of Anthony Henley, deceased; and for applying the Money thereby arising towards Payment of his younger ChildrensPortions provided by his Marriage Settlement; and also for transferring certain Estates, by the same Settlement now vested in Richard Norton Esquire, to other Trustees, on the same Trusts; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Abate of A Petition of several Constables within the City and Constable* ia Liberty of Westminster was presented to the House, Westminster. and r€a<j. fitting forth, That the Petitioners, in Obedience to her Majesty’s several Royal Proclamations for putting in Execution the Laws against Vice and Immorality, have, divers of them, in the Execution thereof,

Jovisy 1* die Mail;

Anno j i* Ann® Regime, 171a.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Vmihomrigh'i for veiling the Estate late of Bartholomcio - Etta*-

righ, Esquire, deceased, lying in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Bertie,

Lord Lyon, Mr. Annefey, Sir Wm. St. Sir

Mordaunt, Mr. Aldworth, Captain Chapman, Sir Havers, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Wylces, Mr. Quick, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Aifaby, Mr. Shackerly, Sir Wm.

Mr. Windsor, Mr. Berkley, Dr. Pajke, Mr. IJuugerJord,

Mr. Duncomb, Lord Cafllecomber, General Mr.

Bingham,

I — - 26 Mdii.

11

Ann.

Lottery

Tickets

npaii

20S

Bingham, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Bangham, Mr Campion, That-on the 12 th of 1709, the Master reported*

M r. JUracebridge, Sir Tho. Cave, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. That what had been received of the Tickets had been Guiciot, Mr. Gery, Mr. Murray, Captain Burgh, Mr. received by Peter and Peire Henriques, and no Proof

Bridges, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Prise, Mr. Finch, Sir Jacob AJlley, Mr. Mr. Vincent,

Mr. Cross: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Greenwich

Hospital.

An ingrossed

Bill for the better collecting and re* covering the Duties granted for the better Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for the farther

Benefit thereof....

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 1. L. 40, after Majesty," toinfert " Reign Pr. 2. L. 12, after " time," to insert " he or they Pr. 7. L. 8, to leave out " to," and insert " of Pr. 13. L. 30, to leave out " said," and " next," and insert " 1712

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for the farther Benefit thereof; and for the preferring her Majesty’s Harbour Mooriugs.

of any Part paid to the said Manuel Henriques; and that the Remainder of the Tickets, being Fourteen in Number, from Michaelmas 1703 to Michaelmas 1710, were not delivered to the said Manuel, nor any Security given for the Payment of the Money when received:

That, on the 19th of July 1709, the fqjd Peter and Peire Henriques obtained an Order, that the said Manuel Henriques should make Oath, in Holland, whether he had received any Satisfaction, or been allowed, for any, and how many, of the said Tickets:

That, on the 12th o i Janua 1709, the Mailer’s Report was confirmed, and the Decree inrolled:

That on the 13th of July 1710, the Affidavit of the said Manuel Henriques, taken in Holland, was filed -, by which he made Oath, That he had not- received any Satisfaction, or been allowed any Part of the said Thirty-two Tickets:

That it further appeared to the Committee, That the said Manuel Henriques, by a Letter of Attorney, under his Hand and Seal, dated the 20th of November 1710, New Style, hath impowered the Petitioner, Sir William Hodges, to receive the Money due thereon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Paymaster of the Million Lottery Tickets

Ordered, That Mr. Aijlaby do carry the Bill to the to pay to Sir William Hodges the Money due upon the

--- j-is~ u-:-.-. ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- - Fourteen Lottery Tickets mentioned in his Petition:

And that Mr and Mr. Aylmer do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir William Hodges, Baronet, was referred.

And the Report was read; and is as follows* viz.

That the Committee having examined the Allegations contained in the said Petition, it appeared, That Manuel Henriques, of the City Merchant,

purchased Thirty-two Pay Tickets in the Million Lottery of Alvarez Machado, all numbered (10), for £.250, each; payable half-yearly, for Sixteen Years:

That it alf© appeared. That the said Manuel Henriques directed Solomon Medina, his Factor in London, to deliver the said Thirty-two Tickets to Peter and Peire

The Order for the calling the House this Day being read;

And the Question being put. That the House do proceed to call the House;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for lie Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, {u^T

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be farther ad-

} 163. }‘98-

Henriques, his Brothers and Agents, in Trull for the said journed till this Day Sevennight.

Manuelj and to receive the £. 500 per Annum for his Use:

That afterwards, one Jaques Henriques, another Brother of the said Manuel's, went to the said Peter and Piere Henriques, and told them, that Manuel Henriques was failed, and had ordered him to take the said Thirty-two Tickets from them, and therewith to pay and compound Manuels Debts:

That the said Peter Henriques, at Jaquez' Request, made up an Account, as pretended, for Five of the said Tickets; and delivered over Twenty-seven Tickets to Jaquez, without Manuel's Order: and took a Note from Jaquez, to save him, the said Peter, harmless for so doing.

That the said Manuel exhibited his Bill in Chancery against Peter and Piere Henriquez, for the said Thirty-two Tickets, and Money received thereupon: And, on the aoth of April 1706, the Cause was heard; when it was referred to Mr. Rogers, One of the Matters of the Court of Chancery, to ascertain the Arrears of the 500

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to go out of Town, without the Leave of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 2° die Maii;

Anno it* Anne Regins, 1712.

Pi a v ers.

AN ingrossed Bill toenablethe Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, of Great Britain, for the Time being, to compound with the Executor of Michael Wicks Esquire, deceased, late Receiver General of the Plantation Duties in the Port of London, as the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, of England, were, by a former Act of Parlia-per Annum, and to compute Interest for what received, ment, enabled to do with the said Michael Wicks, was and to tax Manuel Henriques, the Plaintiff, his Colls; read the Third time.

and that the Defendants, Peter and Peire Henriques, should pay the Arrears of the£. 500 per Annum, together with Interest and Colts, to the said Manuel, and deliver him the unpaid Tickets, or give Security to pay the growing^. 500 to him, as the same should become due.

Upon this Order Manuel Henriques entered a Caveat in the Office of the Paymaster of the Million Lottery, That the remaining Fourteen unpaid Tickets should not be paid to any but to him.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; Pr. L. to leave out " Two," and insert " Three:" And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, of Great Britain, for the Time being, to compound with the Executor of

It also appeared, That on the Tenth of February 1707, Michael Wicks Esquire, deceased, late Receiver Ge-the Cause was reheard, and the former Decree con- neral of the Plantation Duties in the Port of,

firmed. as the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the

V01. 17. G Treasury

Call of the

House.

Wicks’s Debt to the Crown.

Dr. Phelips

to preach OQ ‘29th May.

Mathew's

Estate.

Portugal

Wines.

20 5

a* Ma

A.

1712.

Treasury of England, were, by a former Act of Parliament, enabled to do with the said Michael

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Doctor Phelips be desired to preach before this House, at St. Margaret's, the

29th Inltant: And that Mr. Lloyd and Mr. do acquaint him therewith.

The House being moved. That the Bill for the Relief of George Mathew Esquire, against a Clause in an Act of Parliament, passed in Ireland, whereby several Fines and Recoveries, and a Settlement of his Wife’s Estate, are set aside, be now read a Second time; the same seeming not to be within the Handing Order of the House, of the 6th of February 1707, relating to private Bills touching Estates in;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Treva-nion, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Hinigerford, Mr. Bene, Mr. ThompJ'on, Mr. Wogan, Sir W Mr

rer. Sir Hen. Bunbury, Mr. Lord Harley, Sir

John Woodhouse, Mr. Rollc, Mr. Laugharn, Mr

Mr. Serjeant Comyns, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. Lincfon, Mr.

Wrighfou, Mr. Munday, Mr. Winnington, Mr. A cion,

Sir Robert Havers, Colonel Grahme, Lord Mr. Eversfcilil, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Middleton, Mr, Gery, Sir Tho. Poicys, Sir Wm. Pole, Mr. Mr. Brace-

bridge, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Auditor Harley, Sir Just. I/ham, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Fcrrier, Sir Geo.

JYarbur/on, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Campion, Mr. lycot, Mr. Pylts, Mr. Quick, Mr. Bultcel, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Iletvcy, Mr. Berners, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr.

Jienda, Mr. Millington, Mr. Marriot, Mr. Mead, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Winjianley, Sir Fra. Warr, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Cross, Mr. CrcJJett, Colonel Drake, Mr. Ward, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Cotton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Bracebridge reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Brooke and John Merchants, was referred, the Matter, as it appealed to them, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and is as followeth;

That the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of Thomas Brook and Hellier Merchants, was referred, as also the Return from the Commissioners of the Customs thereupon, having examined the Allegations of the said Petition, and heard the Evidence produced by the Petitioners for proving thereof, do find, That the Petitioners have imported large Quantities of Portugal Wines, and fold the greatest Part thereof, as Merchants, by Wholesale; but, to prevent the late Combination of the Vintners, and the great Abuses of the Wine Trade, were obliged to fell some of their Wines by Retail, in several Parts of the Cities of Lon-, don and Westminster; and were afterwards compelled, by the Officers of the Customs, to pay, as Retailers, for all the other Wines they have imported and sold as Merchants, and by Wholesale; and particularly in the Port of Yarmouth, where they never offered to retail any Wines at all: That the Petitioners were thereby set upon a different Foot of Trade from other Merchants, who evaded the Acts of Parliament, by taking the Oaths, so as to gain a Discount of Eight per Cent; and afterwards retailed their Wines; which Practices were proved to the Committee to be made use of by the generality of the Wine Merchants, by the Testimony and Confession of several Wine Coopers, and their Servants.

The Committee, being desirous to know what Retail Duties had been paid upon Wines, for Seven Years past, and by whom, ordered such an Account to be laid before them; which was done by Mr. Charles Mein, the Exa-

miner of Wine Duties; whereby it appeared, That, from Lady-day 1705 to Lady-day 1712, there were but Four Persons, besides Brook and Hellier, that had paid any Retail Duties, and those Persons paid but for 21 Tons, and 103 Gall, in the said Seven Years; and Brook and Hellier, in Five Months, viz. from the 22d August to the iqth October last, paid Retail Duties, for 169 Pons, and 187 Gallons.

The Committee, taking the whole Matter into Consideration, came to the several Resolutions following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That several Persons, who have imported their Wines as Merchants, and thereby had the Allowance of Eight Pounds per Cent, have afterwards retailed their Wines, contrary to the Meaning of the Act that ordered that Allowance.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every Person felling any less Quantity of Wine than Ten Gallons, or in any Calk, or Vessel, containing any less Quantity than Ten Gallons, oilier than such Wine as shall be fold in the same Calks, or Vessels, in which it was imported, shall be deemed a Retailer.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every Person importing Wine, by way of Merchandize, and to be sold by Wholesale, that afterwards retails any Wines, shall forfeit 40 s for every Gallon of Wine so retailed, and after the same Rate for every greater or Idler Quantity; one Moiety thereof to her Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Informer who shall prosecute for the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Wine Coopers ought to be excluded from having the Benefit of Eight Pound per Cent, upon Importation of Wines, as well as Vintners and Retailers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every Person importing Wines into any Port of Great Britain, not being a Vintner, Wine Cooper, or Retailer, within the same Port, or County wherein such Port is situate, shall not be deemed a Retailer, as to such Wine; but shall have an Allowance of Eight Pounds per Cent, upon his making Oath, That such Wine is imported by way of Merchandize, and to be sold by Wholesale, and not by Retail.

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioners ought to have an Allowance of Eight Pounds per Cent, lor such Wines, which they have imported to be sold by Wholesale, in such Out-ports where they have not retailed any Wines, upon their making Oath thereof; and for which they have not already had that Allowance.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the same Committee.

A Petition ol George Ball was presented to the House,

and read; felling forth, That, by virtue of a Decree in LuTics. Chancery, there is due to your Petitioner from the.

Estate of John Coggs, deceased, the Sum of £. 5,108, bell des several other Sums of Money: That there is a Bill brought into this honourable House for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate and Effects of John Coggs and John Dann, Gold-finiths and Partners, in Trustees, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors; and for determinating Differences thereupon, 8yc.; whereby the Petitioner is advised he ftiail, in a great measure, be deprived of the JJenefit of the said Decree, and be put in Danger of losing his said just Demands: And praying to be heard, by his Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill, is committed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the

Bill H

Way* and Means*

Public

Account*

a" Mali.

307

Bill for laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and stained Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or flamed; to raise Money, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and upon the Bill to appoint Commissioners to examine the Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown, since the 13th day of February 1688; and upon what Consideration such Grants were made; and also upon the Bill for laying several Duties upon such damped Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice, in the Hands of the Dealers therein.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the said Bills; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bills.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Thomas Coutts, Merchant, being sworn, war Public asked, if it does consist with his Knowledge, That Mr. Account*.

Cockran was sent up here to London, in December 1708, by Messieurs Cummin, Gordon, and and

Others, to dispose of a considerable Quantity of Brandy, and other Merchant Goods: To which he answered,

Yes; and he thinks it was about the Latter-end of December, or Beginning of January 1708: Being further asked. If it does likewise consist with his Knowledge,

That Mr. Cockran did dispose of those Goods, and that he had frequently asked Advice of the said Mr. Coutts about Selling of those Goods; he answered. That as soon as Mr. Cochran came to Town, he came to the Deponent’s House; that there was a Sale of the Goods at Lloyd's Coffee-house; and that Mr. Cochran often asked the Deponent’s Advice about the Disposal of the . said Goods: Being further asked, If it does consist with his Knowledge, That Mr. Cochran often attended the then Lord Treasurer, and did solicit his Lordship for Relief from the Government, in relation to the Drawbacks on Fish, 8(c. cured with foreign Salt, in the Terms of the Articles of the Union; he said, He does know, That Mr. Cochran, at that time, solicited the Treasury to get Payment of the said Drawbacks on fh and Flesh salted in North Britain.

Jurat' 2 May 1712. Thomas Coutts.

S. Winninglon, Fra. Annesley,

Hen. Bertie, Geo. Lockhart'.

Will Shippen,

Mr. Winnington, from the Commissioners for taking,

examining, and hating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, presented to the House several Depositions, and a Copy of a Discharge, and of a Letter, which relate to the said Commissioners Report, which is ordered to be taken into Consideration Tomorrow; viz.

Depositions of William Cockran Esquire;

Depositions of Mr. Thomas Coutts, Merchant, relating to William Cockran, Esquire:

Sir David Nairn's Deposition:

Mr. Taylor's Deposition:

A Copy of a Discharge by Mr. William , of

Kilmaronock to Gilbert Stuart and others:

Mr. Teaman's Deposition:

Earl of Glafcow's Letter to the Commissioners of Accounts.

And the Titles of the said Depositions, and Copy of a Discharge, and Letter, were read.

The Depositions, Copy of a Discharge, and Letter, are as follows; viz.

The honourable William Cockran, Esquire, being sworn, deposed. That, being in Copartnership, 1 170-f, with Mr. Stezvart and others, he was commis-honed by them to come up to London, and dispose of Wines, Brandies, and other Goods, for the Copartners; for which they promised to pay him his Charges: That he was likewise commissioned to solicit Payment of the Salt Debentures from the Government: That, having disposed of these Goods, and solicited the Payment of the Debentures, which afterwards was allowed in Parliament, when he returned to Scotland, he claimed Three hundred Pounds for his Charges; which his Partners allowed him; but that there was no previous Bargain, whereby he was obliged to allow them any Gratification out of the Debentures: That the £.195 charged upon him in the Report of the Commissioners of Accounts, was obtained by his Partners, without hisKnow-lege; and that, directly or indirectly, he never received it; but it was paid in to Mr. Garden and Mr. Cummin: That he was at first unwilling to sign a Receipt for it, because it looked too much like Publick Money; but his Partners at last prevailed with him to do them that Favour, since thereby they would get that Sum of Money.

Jurat' 2 May 1712. W. Coekran.

Coram

S. Winnington.

Sir David Nairne, being sworn, depofeth, That he did not pay the Sum of £.12,000, or thereabouts, to the Earl of Godolphin; but that he has often heard the

Duke of Queensberry say, that above£. 12,000 of the Money his Grace received out of the Equivalent, was to be paid back to the Treasury, in Part of the Sum of £.20,000 lent to Scotland: And that the EarJ of Glas cow likewise did frequently say the same to him: That he often desired the Earl to adjust that Affair; being uneasy, because he, the Deponent, had given his Receipts to the Earl of Godolphin for the Sum of £.20,000 that was lent to Scotland: That, feme time thereafter, ,the Earl of Glafcow came to him, and told him. That he had at last ended that Affair with the Earl of Godolphin, then Lord Treasurer; by which he understood, that he had paid him the said Sum of £. 12,000, or thereabouts; and, at the same time, the said Earl of Glafcow delivered to the Deponent the Receipts which he had given to the Earl of Godolphin for the said £.20,000: And the said Deponent does believe, that the Duke of Queenfierry did notretain any Part of the said £.12,000, or thereabouts, to his own Ul'e: And he does no£ know, that the Duke received any Part thereof after such Repayment by the Earl of Glafcow to the Fad of Godolphin. 24th April 1712.

Jurat', 24th April 17*2. David Nairne.

Geo. Lockhart, Will.Shippen,

S. Winnington, Hen. Bertie.

John Taylour, Esquire, one of the Clerks of the Treasury, attending, pursuant to a Precept of :the 25th Instant, and being examined on Oath, deposes, That Two Sums of Ten thousand Pounds each, were paid to the Hands of Sir David Nairne, by Order of her Majesty, in the Year 1706, either by the Earl of Godolphin, orhim-self, he does not remember which: That lie kept the Receipts, which Sir David gave for the said Two Sums, for feme time: That the Deponent afterwards, by the Di rest ion of the Earl of Godolphin, prepared an Order for her Majesty’s Royal Signature for delivering the said Receipts, and ackowledging the Repayment of £.12,000, or upwards, Part of the said Twenty thousand Pounds; which Order was delivered by the Deponent to the Earl of Godolphin; and, as well as he can remember, the Earl of Glafcow, or Sir David Nairne,. at the same time, delivered the£.i2,oooo and odd Pounds, in

Bank

Public

Accounts.

08

30 Mail.

A. 1712.

Bank Notes, to the East of Godolphin, to be paid to the Queen; and soon afterwards the Warrant was delivered back to the Deponent signed by her Majesty; and then he delivered up to Sir David, the said Two Acquittances, pursuant to the Directions therein contained: But that this Deponent knows not how the said Money was disposed of after Repayment to the Earl of Godolphin.

Jurat' 28® April 171 a. J, Taylour.

Will.Shippen, Fra.

S. Winnington, Tho. Lijier.

Geo. Lockhart,

Whereas the Proprietors of Salt Certificates, and Fish and Flesh Debentures, did allow, and leave in the Hands of Sir Patrick Jahnsion, late Lord Provostof Edinburgh, Hugh Montgomerie oi Bujbie, Gilbert Stewart, William

Gordon, and Robert Forrefi, Merchants in Edinburgh,

a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charges and Expences in procuring of an Act of Parliament for Payment of the said Salt Certificates, and Fish and Fleili Debentures, and for rewarding the said Gilbert Stewart, and others who assisted him in said Affair; and accordingly did nominate a Committee of their own Number, for the just and equal Distribution of the fame; and the said Committee having by their Act of Distribution of Date at Edinburgh, the Fourth Day of July Ten

Years, appointed and ordained to be paid to me Mr. William Cochran of Kilmarnock, the Sum of One hundred and Ninety-five Pounds Sterling, for my Charges at London about that Affair; and seeing the said Gilbert Stewart, William Gordon, and Robert Forrefi, have made Payment to me of the said Sum of One hundred and Ninety-five Pounds Sterling} therefore wit ye me, the said William Cochran, to have exonered and discharged, like as I hereby exoner and discharge, the iaids Sir Patrick Johnstoun, Hugh Montgomerie, Gilbert Stewart, William Gordon, and Robert Forrefi, their Heirs and Successors, of the said Sum, for now and ever: In Witness whereof (written by Walter Hay Writer in Edinburgh) I have subscribed these presents at Edinburgh, the Fifth Day of December One thousand Seven Hundred and Eleven Years, before these Witnesses; David Smith, of Methuen, and the said Walter

Hay, Sicfub'; W. Cochran, K D. Smyth,

Witness; Walter Hay, Witness.

Edinburgh, the 14 March 1712. Gilbert,

Merchant in Edinburgh, maketh Oath, That the above is a just and true Copy of Mr. William Cochran of Kilmaronock his Receipt to the said Gilbert Stewart, and the other Persons named: And this is the Truth, as he shall answer to God.

Jpud, Edinburgh, Gilbert Stewart.

14* die Martii.

Jurat coram

A. Maitfand.

George Yeaman, Esquire, being sworn, deposed, That he was one of the Committee for distributing the Money allowed by the Proprietors of the Flesh and Fish Debentures for Gratifications, and Expences in obtaining the Act of Parliament for paying the said Debentures: That the Committee allowed to William Cochran, of Kilmaronock, Esquire, £.195: That the

Deponent was against giving him that Money, as having no CommifRon from the Committee of the Royal Boroughs} but the Committee, in general, thought him instrumental in obtaining the said Act} and thereupon allowed him that Sum: And Mr. James Cuming, Merchant in Edinburgh, told this Deponent, That the said Mr. Cochran had prevailed with the Tories to consent to the said Act: And this Deponent understood, that the said £.195 was for the said Mr. Cochran's own Use, for his Service aforesaid} But Mr. Cuming told the Committee, That he, and some of his Partners in Trade, had given Mr. Cochran a Commission to go to London, and be assisting in procuring the Act of Parliament for pay-

14

ing the Debentures , that the}’ had promised him his Charges: and hoped the Committee would allow that Sum to Mr. Cochran', which would be a relief to him and his Partners.

Jurat' 24 Mart. Geo. Yeaman.

Tho. Lifter.

Drumlangrig, 14th April 1712.

Gentlemen,

1 had the Honour of Yours the 8th April ', wherein you desire to know at what time the Account of the Twenty thousand Pounds was given in to the Earl of Godolphin: To the bell of my Knowledge, it was in the End of the Year 1707, during the Sitting of the Parliament: Sir David Nairne, then Secretary Deputy for Scotland, laid all the Vouchers before the Earl of Godolphin } whereof I gave a distiuft and particular Account of every Article in my lait Letter; That I had the Duke of Queenjberrie's Order for the Paying of the Money}

and had also Precepts from the Treasury of Scotland in favours of the particular Persons that received the Money: As to the £.12,325 which was paid to the Duke of Queensberry, the same was paid back again by Sir

David Nairne to the Earl of Godolphin, or his Order: Sir Darn'd can give you full Satisfaction in this Affair: The Money was received by the Duke ol out of the Equivalent in Scotland; and, to my Knowledge, there was no more paid back of the Twenty thousand Pounds, that was remitted to except the foresaid Sum of £.12,325: This, to the best of my Knowledge, is all the information I can give in this Matter. I no sooner received Yours, but I dispatch an Express with an Answer. I am, with great Duty and Respect,

Right honourable,

Your moll humble Servant, Glofcow.

Drumlangrig, 14 April 1712 Years. David Boyle Earl of Glasgow hath deponed. That the Contents 6.

the within Letter are true, to the best of his Memory and Knowledge} and that in Presence of Archibald Douglas, of Cavers, a Justice of the Peace.

Jurat' coram Glasgow.

A. Douglass.

Ordered, That the said Depositions and Copy of a Discharge, and Letter, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition /buf« of of the Constables of the City of W, and Liber- Constables it I ties thereof, is referred, have Leave to fit in a Morning. Westnunfet.

Ordered, That Mr. Carter be added to the Commit- Coggs's, tee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, EftaU‘i passed in the Eighth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate and Effects of John Coggs and John Dann, Goldsmiths and Copartners, in Trustees, fot the speedier Payment of their Creditors} ntid for Determining Differences thereupon} and for the more effectual veiling the Ellates and Effects of Thomas Pitkin and Thomas Brerezvood, Hill Handing out, iu Trustees, for the Die and Behefit of the Creditors of the said John Ccggs an dJohn Dann-, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 30 die Maii;

Anno ii# Anna: Reginas, 1712. Prayers.

A/T R. Hungerford presented to the House, according lottery lyX to Order, a Bill to impower the Paymaster of the TllkcB Million Lottery Tickets, to pay to Sir William Hodges un|'alJ'

Baronet,

v

MroeT*

iJUte.

fufortrs in hcus and $l Chrilto-liters.

Ditto.

Lme of AUencs.

Public

Accouatt.

n Ann.

Baronet the Mono}’ due upon Fourteen Ticketis in the fai<] Lottery: And the same was received; and read Uie First time.

Rrjblvcd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Winstanley reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for confirming a Lease made by Palmer and Robert Palmer Esquires, for a farther Provision for Payment of the Debts of the said Palmer, was committed, that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Representation of the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations to her Majesty, touching the Distribution of the Money allowed, by a late Act of Parliament, tofoch Proprietors as should resettle at Nevis and Saint C, be taken into

Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That Hie will be pleased to direct, That the Return made to the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations by the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty to enquire into the Losses upon the French Invasion of the Islands of N and St. may be laid before the House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Cleveland have Leave to go into the Country for S i x Weeks, upon extraordi naryOccasion s.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston have Leave to go into the Country, his Family being visited with the Small Pox.

Ordered, That Mr. Thom pfon have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, for the Recovery of his Health.

Mr. Winninglon, from the Commissioners for taking, examining, and dating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, presented to the House a Deposition of Mr. Gilbert Stuart, concerning the Distribution of the Money deducted from the Proprietors of the Salt, and the Debentures of the Fish, exported; and relating to the Report which is appointed to be taken into Considerat ion this Day.

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Deposition is as followed); viz.

MASTER Gilbert Steuart, being sworn, depofeth. That the Person mentioned as his Friend in the Second Article of the Account of the Distribution of the Money deduced from the Proprietors of the Debentures, and Salt, was Sir David Dalrymple:That though the Account, and Warrant to pay the Money to Sir was dated the Fourth of July 1710; yet he, the said Steuart, did not receive it till November lall, at which time he offered Three hundred Guineas to Sir;

but he refused it: He further deposed. That he had formerly acquainted Sir David, about the time that this Warrant was signed, That this Sum was appointed for liim; hut he does not remember what Answer Sir David then gave him: That this Money was appointed to Sir David upon his, the said Srepresenting how useful and serviceable Sir David had been in obtaining that Act of Parliament for paying the Debentures, and Salt: -He farther deposed, That, Mr. Cochran being concerned in Trad* with biiuself and others, they gave Vot. 17-

£09

him a Commission to go to London, and dispose of a Quantity of Goods they had sent thither, and promised to pay him what Charges and Expences he should be at on this Account: That afterwards, when Mr. Cochran returned from London, he charged and claimed, in his Accounts, the Sum of Three hundred Pounds, os his Charges and Expences, which the said Steuart, and his Partners, allowed him; with this Proviso, That he should pay to them whatever Sum of Money should be allowed him as a Gratification by the Proprietors of the Salt, and Debentures, on Account of Jiis Service in obtaining the Act for paying the Debentures, and Salt: That, accordingly, when the Sum of One hundred and Ninety-five Pounds, allotted to Mr. Cochran, was paid, lie gave his Receipt for it; but he, the said Steuart, retained the Money; and afterwardsrdivided it amongst himself and Partners in Trade, conform to the above-mentioned Agreement with Mr. Cochran: And he further deposed, That the Sum of £.2,780. 8s. id, was proportionally deducted from the said Debentures, and Price of Salt, on Account of Charges in obtaining the Act of Parlia-

o

ment for paying the said Debentures, and Salt; that this was dene by the Concert of almost all the Proprietors of the said Debentures, and Salt; who, by a Deed under their Hands, did appoint a Committee, of their own Number, to state and allow of such Deductions on this Account, as they should think reasonable; which Committee did agree to the said Sum of £.2,780. 8r. id. and directed the Payment thereof after the Manner, and to the Persons, contained in an Account signed by them, and exhibited to the Commissioners by the said Mr. Gilbert Stewart: Of the above-mentioned Sum of £.2,780 8r. id. there was £.71. 13*. 10 not paid up by tVm. Fan.

Jurat’ 13 February 17-; J- Gilbert Stewart.

Geo. Lockart.

Ordered, That the said Deposition do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr Speaker acquainted the House, That by the lad Poll from Holland, he received a Letter from the Hague, dated the 6th Instant, N. S. signed A. de Mulemeester Terlooven-, wherein was inclosed a Pacquet, directed to this House, which he desired might be laid before this House; it containing Matters for the Service of the Queen, and the common Cause: And Mr. Speaker desired to know the Pleasure of the House, how the same should be disposed of.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to open the said Pacquet; and report whether there is any thing therein fit to be laid before the House.

And it is referred to Sir Richard OnJlow, Mr. Secretary St. John, Mr. Shultleworth, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Cafar, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr Hungerford, Mr. Bathurst, Mr.

Mr. Smith, Mr. Campion, Mr. Annesley Mr. Sir

Jof. Jekyll, Sir Roger Brad/haig Mr. Mr.

Auditor Mamvaring, Mr. Manley, Sir Richard Temple,

Mr. Pringle, Mr. Edgcomb, General Hamilton, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Foley, Sir Just Mr.

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Conyers, Sir Roger Sir Tho.

Powell, Lord Finch, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Lord

Lyon, Mr. Carnegie, Mr. M, Sir Simeon Stuart, lxird Down, Sir Alexander Cumming, Mr. Bridges, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Liflei', Sir Richard Hoar, Sir Jo.

Mordaunt, Mr. Lock hart, Sir Fra. Warr, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Bertie, Sir Wm. Pole, Sir Banks, Sir Arthur Key, Colonel King, Sir Peter King, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Chowne, Mr. Finch, Mr. Gvcyne: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, of imported into the fame; and upon chequered and ftaioed Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens,

3 H and

3*. Mali.

Mr. Speaker

acquaints ths House with receiving a Pacquet.

Supply Bill j Duties on Soap, &c.

210

Paeqw* Communicated by Mr. Speaker reported on*

Public

Account*

Col. Alexander's and Regiments relief.

Publication of Libels.

Termor's

£li«uo.

3° — 50 Mail A. 1712.

and Stuffs, prinled, painted, or fiainod; to raise Money, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and upon the Bill to appoint Commissioners to examine the Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown, sincelhe 13th Day of February 1633; and upon what Considerations such Grants were made; and also upon the Bill for laying several Duties upon such damped Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice, in the Hands of the Dealers therein;

Ordered, That it be ad Infiruction to the said Committee, to receive aClause, That, for the Encouragement of Learning, there be a Drawback of the Duty upon' Paper used in the Two Universities, in the printing Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, and Northern Languages.

Ordered, That it be an InHruclion to the said Committee, That they do receive a Clause to reduce the Rates of Brocage for Transfers* upon the Selling of Publick Stocks, so as not to exceed Two Shillings and Nine Pence upon every Hundred Pounds.

Then the Houserefolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the said Bills; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bills.

Mr. Shultlexvorth reported from the Committee, appointed to withdraw, and open the Pncquet inclosed in a Letter to Mr. Speaker; and report whether there was any thing therein fit to be laid before the House; That they had opened the fame, and read several of the Papers contained therein; and found the same so trifling, that they did not think it worth while to trouble the House with them: And he delivered the Papers in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners for taking, examining, and Hating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, presented to the House the Seventeenth of March lall, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Fortnight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Colonel Francis Alexander, and his Regiment, in the Leeward in America.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of that Part of her Majesty’s Message to the House, the 17th of January lafi, which relates to the great Licence taken in pubiilh-ing false and scandalous Libels, be received upon Tuesday Sevennighf.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

LuiicS) 5° die Mail;

Anno ii* Anna; Regime, 1712. Praters.

MR. Levinzreported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling certain Lands, Part of the Manor of Weightfield, alias Whitefield, and other Lands, in the County of Gloucester, for the Payment of the Debts heretofore of Mary Fermor, Widow, deceased; and of John More, junior, of Kirllington, in the County of Nottingham, Esquire, and Margaret his Wife; was committed j That they had examined the Allegations

of the Bill, and found the same to be true 5 and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Alt Act r«trick’» for Sale of the Manor of Dulham, and other Manors Eitat* and Hereditaments, in the County of and else-

w here, late the Estate of Simon PClerk, deceased, for the several Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second lime.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Monck-ton, Mr. Wentworth, Sir GilbertDolben, Mr. Peyton, Sir

Robert Davers, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Fremail. Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Bay lie, Mr. Pelham,

Mr. Shafto, Mr. Berners, Sir jekyll. Sir Richard

Farrington, Mr. Serjeant Pratt, Sir Mr.

Ward, Mr. Mavatou, Mr. Wright/Mr. Bertie, Mr.

On/low, Colonel Codrington, Lord Mr. Hal fey,

Mr. Gwyn, Mr_ Herne, Mr. Gery, Mr. Cotton, Mr.

Farrcr, Mr. lilackmore, Lord Mr. Mil-

bourne, the Earl of Thomond, Mr. Quick, Mr.

Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Shocker ley, Mr. Brace bridge, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Bur/em, Sir John Cope, Mr. Gale, Sir Richard On/ozu, Mr. Marriott, Mr. f.eiinz, Mr. worth, Mr. Plumplree, Mr. England, Sir Geo.

Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Gape, Mr. Moore, Sir Hen.

Bunbury, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Barlow; and all that serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge: And tltey are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Western, Esquire, an Infant, to make a Settlement of his Fdlate upon his Marriage, notwish-standing his Infancy, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Bateman, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Sir

Robert Davers, Sir Richard On/ow, Mr. Auditor ley, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Gale, Mr.

Berners, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir Geo. Mathews, Mr.

Anne/ey, Captain Burgh, Mr. Serjeant Cummings, Mr.

Mariya, Sir Richard Hoar, Sir Win. Mr. Jeffery s, Mr. JVrightfon, Mr. Bayley, Mr. Bristow, Mr.

Johnson, Sir Tho. Cave, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. erley, Mr. Gould, Mr. Manley, Mr. Campion, Mr. Moor,

Mr. Bene, Si rJof Jekyll, Mr. Lloyd, M r. Bwjlcm, Captain

Chapman, Sir Pat.Johnson, Mr. , Mr. Citrrance,

Sir AlexanderCummy ns And they are to meet this

Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Campion reported from the Committee, to whom GuUlefmd'} the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ttbie. for Sale of the Manor of Hempjicd, and oilier Lauds therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Kent and Snjfe.v,the Estate of Sir Robert Guldeford, Baronet,

for the Payment of Debts; and for settling the Camber Farm, and other Lands in the said County of Sussex, to the same Uses as the said Manor of Hempf/ed now Hands settled; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations in the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned, had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of several of the Creditors of the Royal African African Company of England, on the behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors of the said Company, r*°‘ whose Debts amount to Three hundred thousand Pounds, and upwards, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the common Reputation and Opinion,

That the African Company were entitled to the foie Trade

to Africa, granted to them, in Consideration of their undertaking to gain a Trade there at their own Expence;.

which

i x Ann. 50 — 6" Maii.

211

which they acquired after the Attempt of others, for that I’urpose, proved unsuccessful; induced the Petitioners to lend them great Sums for carrying on the said Trade: That the Company, by reason of many Misfortunes, are not at present able to pay their Debts; but. will be well able so to do, as the Petitioners conceive, if they had a reasonable Time given them for that Purpose: That the greatift Part by much of the Creditors, in Number and Value, do coni'ent to give the Company a reasonable ..... but in regard some few Creditors are Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and Trustees, no such Agreement can be made effectual: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to make such Agreement effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Anncjlcy and Mr. Ward do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Answfr to Mr. Secretary St.John reported to the House, That Audr*u. their Addicts of Saturday hilt having been presented to her Majesty, That (he would be pleased to give Directions, That the Return made to the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, by the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty to inquire into the Losses at the 1 (lands of Nevis and may be laid

before the House; her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions accordingly'.

Supply P.ilt; The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of ‘ p' c* the Bill for laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and liained Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; to raise Money by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and upon the Bill to appoint Comissioners to examine the Value of all Lands, and other Intel efts, granted by the Crown, since the 13th Day of February 168S; and upon what Conli-deratious such Grants were made; and also upon the Bill for laying several Duties upon damped Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned; and for licensiogan additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice, in the Hands of the Dealers therein.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

M r. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the said Bills; and had directed him to move, That they may have leave to fit again.

liefolved. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bills.

Abuse of Ordered, That Mr. Cotton, Mr. Hart, Mr.

(oi.iUblcs in Mr. Morgan, Sir Rich. Mr. , Mr.

Vcuminticr. Conljbn, Mr. Dozening, Mr. Cope, Mr. jfolc, Sir Peter

King, Mr. Gould, Mr. Burridge, Mr How, Mr. More-ton, Mr. Page, Mr. Birch, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Rudge, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Constables within the City and Liberty of Westminster, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

AfriranCom-

Mart is, 6° die Maii; Anno it* Annae Reginas, 171a. Prayers.

r *\/f R. Annrjley presented to the House, according to pan) s r. 1 Qr,|er> a i^ii for making effectual such Agreement as shall be made between the Royal African Com-VOJL. 17.

text.

pany of England, and their Creditors: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Popple, Secre- Sufferers in tary to the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Planta- Nevis and St. tions, attended; CLriftophei'.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to thd House the Return made by the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty to inquire into the Losses upon the French Invaftou of the lfiand of Nevis; And also,

The Return made by the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty to inquire into the Losses upon the French Invasion of the lllandof St.

And then lie withdrew*

And the Titles of the said Returns were read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingmffed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Henley'* to enable Trustees to cut and fell Timber on the Estate ElUt*. late of Anthony Henley, deceased; and for applying the Money thereby arising towards Payment of his younger Childrens Portions provided by Ids Marriage Settlement; and also for transferring certain Kfiates, by the said Settlement, now veiled in Richard Norton Esquire, to other Trustees, on the same Trusts; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Ja. Bertie, Mr. Murray, Sir

Tho. Cave, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. , Mr.

son, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Onslow, Sir Tho. Powell, Sir Alexander C'umyns, Dr. Pajke, Mr. Bertie, Captain Burgh, Sir Simeon Stuart, Sir Robert Eden, Mr comb, Mr. Cha. Bertie, Lord IVm. Powlelt, Mr. Brig-flock, Colonel Stephens, M r. Wind for. Lord Willoughby,

Mr. Cccfar, Mr. Berners, Mr. Eversfleild, Mr. Wentworth, Brigadier Windsor; Mr. Cr Sir Far-

rington, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Wm. Boughlon, Mr. Ward, M

and all that serve for the Counties of Southampton and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fellows and Mr. Mdlor:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act America* for the Relief of Merchants importing Prize Goods Prize Good*, from America; without Amendment.

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Railing Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1712, although Mihua. the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for rectifying a Miliake in an Act, passed this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters; and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters; and for taking Accounts of Trophy-money formerlyraised and collected; without Amendment.

Aud then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Sh acker ley, accord i n g 10 Order, reported from the Marine Pay Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Richard Arrears. Cobh a in Lieutenant Colonel Walter Palliser, Lieutenant Colonel LewisdeSidierc, Major Bradshaigh,

Major Robert Kemp, Officers in the Marine Service, and Richard Bellafyje Esquire, and Margaret his Wife, Administrati ix of Captain Henry late also an Officer in the Marine Service, now deceased, on behalf of themselves, and great Numbers of other Officers in the Six Regiments of Maxines, and the Widow, Orphans, and other Representatives, of several such Officers, was referred, the Matter as it appeared to them; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered,

212

Sttyning

Efo&ien.

African

Irade.

Southampton Place of Poll at Elutions.

Supply Rill; Duties on Soap, &c.

6° — f Mali. 17H.

Ordered, That the said Report he taken into Consideration upon Saturday next* in a full House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of be re-

ceived upon Thursday Morning next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for establishing a Trade to Africa in a regulated Company.

upon the Bill to appoint Commissioners to examine thfc Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and upon what Considerations such Grants were made; and also upon the Bill for layingfeveral Duties upon Inch damped Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned; and for licensingan additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice, in tire Hands of the Dealers therein.

And then die House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the explaining and amending a Clause in the Act, of the 7th and 8th Years of the late King William, intituled, An Act for the farther regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing and returning such Members; relating to the Adjournment of the Poll, at Elections of Knights for the County of Southampton, from Winchester to Newpoi't in the ijie of Wight,

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bills for laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and stained Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; to raise Money, by Wayofa Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and upon the Bill to appoint Commissioners to examine the Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown since the 13th Day of February 1688; and upon what Considerations such Grants were made; and also upon the Bill for laying several Duties upon stamped Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as therein mentioned; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice, in the Hands of Dealers therein;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go with the Mace into the Court of Re-quests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Committee be discharged from the In-struction to alter, and make into One, the Bill for laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon che-qnered and stained Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; to raise Money by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and the Bill to appoint Commissioners to examine the Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and upon what Considerations such Grants were made:

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth. Tellers for the Yeas, j

Tellers for the Noes,

] 3°°

J

81.

Mr. Shultlavorth:

Sir William Barker,

Mr. Shippen:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, T\\a.t this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bills for laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and stained Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; to raise Money, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and

Mercuriiy 7* die Mali;

Anno ti° Annas Regina, 1712.

Prayers.

MR. Berners reported from the Committee, to whom ifinfigatea

the Bill for repairing the Road from the Town of Whetftoo# Highgate, to and beyond the Town of in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That they had considered the several Petitions to them referred; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they haddirested him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read

throughout; and then aSecond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed, and the rest were, with Amendments

to some of them, agreed, unto by the House. j

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he 1

ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have pnfled a Bill, intituled, An Act for TTiomdoa uniting the Parish Churches of Tho and , in the County of Essex: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Resins reconfirming, and rendering more effectunl, certain Let- frflbrs.&r.» ters Patents, of King James I. for annexing a Canon- Jjtfeg>^nivtr* 1 ry, and several Rectories, to the Regius Profefl'or of 1 ies> Divinity, in the University of Oxford-, and to the Regius (

Professor, and Lady Margaret's Reader, of Divinity, in the Universityof Cambridge:To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Pynf'tMrt’* confirming a Partition made between William Eftaie-

Esquire, and Mary his Wife, John Treviltian Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and their Trustees, of several Manors and Lands in the County of To which

they desire the Concurrence of this House. And,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Vvnei'b veil several Lands and Tenements in the County of Eiiate.

W, arwick, the Estate of Thomas Vlate ot Ethrop,

in the said County, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees;

and to enable them to fell Part thereof, for discharging

several Debts and Incumbrances thereon; and to raise

a present Provision for his Son and Heir, an Infant,

and the rest of his Children: To which they desire the

Concurrence of this House. And,

The Lords have also passed a Bill, intituled, An Act HUleifcdon'* for veiling several Lands in Battlefdon, in the County of Bedford, in John Hillerfe don Esquire, and his Heirs,

discharged of several Uses and Estates to which they are limited; and for settling other Lands of greater Value, in the same County, to the same Uses: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House, j

And then the Messengers withdrew. I

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to PutlicMon* whom it was referred to examine the Account shewing accounted k.-. how much of the Sum of Thirty-five Millions Three

humlred

Supply BiHj Dui.es uu bt*p> &c*

Wiys atd

JiCiZU.

Scorers in Nr is and M.Chriiio-pbfis.

African

Tr.de.

Alufe of

(mt'ubles in M eliuiiiJler*

lottery

Tickets

LI. paid.

ii Ann. — 8° — Maiu 213

hundred and two thousand One hundred and Seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence of the Money granted by Parliament, and issued for the Publick Service, to Christmas 1710, which appeared to remain unaccounted for the Iaft Session of Parliament, has hecn since accounted for before the Auditors of the Imprelis j and by whom, and when: and what Ob-flniftions have arisen in accounting for the lame; be received Tp-morrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and upon chequered and stained Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Studs, printed, painted, or stained; to raise Money, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and upon the Bill to appoint Commissioners to examine the Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown, fiuee the 13th Day of February 1688; and upon what Considerations such Grants were made; and also upon the Bill for laying several Duties upon such damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice, in the Hands of the Dealers therein.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refmned the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the said Bills; and bad directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

liej'olved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bills.

Be/bhed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Representation of the Lords Cornua issioners of Trade and Plantations to her Majesty, touching the Distribution of the Money allowed, by a late Act of Parliament, to such Proprietors as should resettle at Nevis and St. C be taken into

Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for establishing a Trade to Africa in a regulated Company.

Lloyd, Captain Chapman, Sir Jacob Ajlley, Mr.

Mr. Bobinfon, Sir Win.Whitlucke, Mr. Smith,'Sir. Lockhart, Mr. Hampden, Sir Win.Bough ton, Mr. Moor, Mr.

Brigstock, Sir Jo. Mordaunt, Sir Bichard Onslow, Mr.

Eversfeild, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Mr.

Palmes, Sir John Cope, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Quick, Mr.

Bromley, Mr. Herne, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Philips, Mr.

Manaton, Sir James Bateman, Mr. Scobell, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. Gore, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Gery, Mr Lord Wm. Rowlett, Mr. Coteficnrth, Mr. Monckton,

Mr. Earl, Mr. Mead, Mr. Maijlers, Captain Burgh:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, ill the Speaker,’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Regjw for confirming, and rendering more effectual, certain £^n'the* Letters Patents of King James I. for annexing a Canon- Universitiesi

ry, and several Rectories, to the Regius Prose(Tor of Divinity in the University of Oxford-, and to the Regius Professor, and Lady Margaret's Reader of Divinity, in the University of Cambridge was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ^3fner’» to veil several I.ands and Tenements in the County of Eltale‘ Wancick, the Ellate of Thomas , late of Ethrop, in the said County, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees; and to enable them to fell Part thereof, for discharging several Debts and Incumbrances thereon; and to raise a present Provision for his Son and Heir, an Infant, and the rest of his Children; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming a Lease made by Palmer’s Geffrey Palmer and Robert Palmer Esquires, for a far- LAaw. ther Provision for Payment of the Debts of the said Geffrey Palmer, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for confirming a Lease made by Geffrey Palmer and Robert Palmer Esquires, for a farther Provision for Payment of the Debts of the said Geffrey Palmer.

Ordered, That Mr. Winstanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Freman, according to Order, reported from the 'Steyning Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it Elettiun. appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report and liesolution were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That Mr. Sharp, Mr. Ettrick, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Jennings, Sir Fra. Daffuvoo Mr. Foley, Mr. Bris-the. Sir 77io. Powell, Mr. Hern, Dr. Hutton, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of several Coe.stables within the City and Liberty of Westminster was referred.

And "then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis,8° Maii;

Anno ii* Anns Regins, 1712.

Praters.

ABILL to impower the Paymaster of the Million Lottery Tickets to pay to Sir William Hodges Baronet, the Money due upon Fourteen Tickets in the said Lottery, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hunger-ford, Mr. Vaughan, S\r John Norris, Mr. Bridges, Mr.

Jennings, Admiral Aylmer, Mr. Gould, Capt. Bingham, Mr. Lijtcr, Mr. Craj's, Mr. Gale,

Mr. Sliuttleworlh, Mr. Halj'ey, Mr. Vernon, Sir Robert

Eden, Mr. Pytt, Colonel Cage, Sir Gilbert , Mr.

V01.17.

Upon the Petition of William Wallis Esquire, complaining of an undue Fdeftion and Return Lord Belleic, of the Kingdom of Ireland to serve for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex:

That the Right of Election was not controverted.

The Poll was thus;

55 for the Sitting Member:

26for the Petitioner.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel objected to all the Sitting Member’s Voters, as bribed or treated: And examined Witnesses; viz.

John Davis said, That, at the time of this Election, Mr. Thomas Pyke, an Agent for the Sitting Member; going down to Steyning, with his Grace the Duke of Richmond, in his Grace’s Coach, Pyke was asked, How the Election went at Steyning; and the Witness heard him answer. That be could not tell how it went; but that, if my Lord could get the £.500 he had promised, he was sure of the Election.

Hemy Hobbs said, That, about a Fortnight after the Election, John Read, one of the Sitting Member’s Voters, old the Wituels, That £.200 were left in Mr. Leeves his Hands, and £.300 in Mr. Fagg's Hands;

3 I and

2 14

8° Mail. A. 1712.

*pvi)ing

Election.

and said, the Sitting Member was returned by a wrong Title, and none of the Money was yet distributed; blit that the Duke of Richmond, before the Election, promised Read he should have a Proportion of that £.500 if he voted for the Sitting Member.

John Bennett said. That, the Night before the Election 39 of the Sitting Member’s Voters, who the Witness named, and several of their Wives, were treated at the ‘George Inn at Steyning.-That the Duke of Richmond and

lhis Chaplain Mr. Bradley, were there on behalf of the Sitting Member, and Hayed with them til! Twelve a Clock at Night, when the Witness went away; but they ‘made him promise to come again at Three a Clock in the Morning; which he did: The Company had nothing to eat, but they drank all Night, and went from thence to the Poll; and that he did not fee any body alk, or pay, any thing towards the Reckoning, which he believed might come to £.20: That nobody asked him for "his Vote; and that he voted for the Petitioner.

Win.Knight said, Mrs. Burnett, who keeps the George Inn, told him, That her Landlord, Mr. El fen, an Agent for the Sitting Member, promised to pay her Bills, by setting them off in the Rent she owed him:

That his Grace the Duke of Richmond asked his Vote for the Sitting Member; and the Duke, together with his Chaplain, who came down a Week before the Election, and Mr. Pyle, and several others, a Day or Two before the Election, when the Duke came down, went from House to House round the Borough, and were with the Company at the George Inn the Night before the Election:

That Jo. BtMnett told the Witness, He could have Five Guineas for his Vote for the Silting Member; but for Four, he would vote for the Petitioner:

That Nicholas Worger said, He was promised Six Guineas to vote for the Sitting Member; and offered to vote for the Petitioner for the same Sum:

That Timothy Hilman said, He was under an Obligation to vote for the Sitting Member; for that he had £.e, to vote for him at the former Election, which he did not do; and they threatened to arrest him for that ^loney, if he did not vote for him now; but that he would vote for the Petitioner for ^.8:

That Edward Peters said, He had promised to vote for the Petitioner, but that he had Money from the other Side; and therefore voted for the Sitting Member:

That the Petitioner declared publickly. He would not give any Money for any Votes.

Robert Ilanfonfcild, He was at the Treat at th Inn, the Night before the Election; and named Five other Voters for the Sitting Member, not named by Bennett, who were there also; and said the Company were about 40; and that they were treated with Ale and Wine to the time they went to the Election.

And that, a Night or Two before the Election, Mr. Bradley, the Duke of Richmond's Chaplain, gave him Two Guineas to vote for the Sitting Member:

That he complained to Mr. , he had been

unkindly used, though he voted for him in the fonher Election; and Mr. Bradley acquainting the Duke therewith, his Grace came to the Witness’s House; and the Witness asking his Grace for^.ioor j£.ao, hisGrace laid, Mr. I.eeics should give him any Money to serve his Occasions; and, about a Week after, he had from Mr. I.eeves, who took a Bond from him, and another Person bound with him, for the Money; and J^eeves told him, there was like to be a Petition; and that, when the Noise of the Petition was over, he should have the Bond up:

And the Witness said. He had this £.10, and the aforesaid Two Guineas, for his Vote at this Election lor the Sitting Member:

That Nicholas JVorgcr, told him he voted for the Lord Bellew before, and had nothing for it; but that he would not now vote without Money.

Thomas Mitchell said, That before the Election, he

sued Robert Hanson, the Witness, fora Debt, which, with the Charges, came to £.3: That Hanjbn desired him to forbear til! the Election was over, and then he would pay him; and accordingly, a few Days after the Election, he brought him the Money, and said he had it of Mr. Lecves.

John Moreland said. That, upon the Morning of the Election, difeourfing with Mr. , the Duke of

Richmond's Chaplain, Mr. Bradley asked him, If he had been fotting in Bed all Night; and said. That neither he, nor my Lord Duke, had been in Bed all that Night; and offered the Witness Ten Pounds to a Crown, that the Petitioner would lose the Election:

That he saw his Grace the Puke of Richmond go to the Voters, from House to House, several times, the Day before the Election, and in the Morning wlieu the Election was on; but be was not near enough to hear what the Duke said to them:

That Mr. Bradley, before the Election, went about the Town to the Voters, alinoll every Hour in the Day; and several of them told the Witness, he had promised them Money for their Votes; and that, if he failed them, they would vote for the Petitioner:

That he heard several Voters, before the Election, alk Mr. Wallis for Money for their Votes; but be declared to them, he would not give One Six-Pence; for lie had been before turned out, upon a Petition:

That Timothy Hilman said, My Lord Duke had given him £.5 for his Vote at a former Election, for which he gave his Note; and the Duke told him. That, if he did not vote for him now, he would arrest him, and put him in Gaol; and Hilman said, he had rather vote lor the Petitioner; and would do so, if the Petitioner would indemnify him:

That # Bawcombe, One of the Sitting Member’s Voters, declared, lie had Four or Five Votes to dispose of, and that he would not vote for either Side without Money:

That, the Night before the Election, the Petitioner asking John Woolinn,a Voter for the Sitting Member, for his Vote, Woolinn said, There was Money in Town, and his Occasions required Money; and offered the Petitioner his Vote for Five or Six Guineas; but the Petitioner declared, he would not give a Peny:

This Witness being cross-examined, laid, He is a Cabinet-maker; lives in Lon:and went down to Steyning to get in a Debt of £.6, which has been owing to him Three Years from Mr. Fagg; and took the Opportunity of going down with the Petitioner; but should have gone, if he had not got that Opportunity; That he has no Acquaintance at Steyning but the Petitioner; was with the Petitioner when he asked Votes; and (laid at Steyning Six or Seven Days.

John Mills said, That, about Two a Clock in the Morning of the Election Day, he and Richard Aylemor, going home from the Star, were met in the Street by some of the Sitting Member’s Agents, who carried Aylemor to the White Horse, and got him to vote for the Sitting Member, though he had before promised to vote for the Petitioner:

That, upon the Election Day, he was in Company with Mr. Bradley and Mr. Pyke and then Mr. Bradley said, He had £.zo or £. % o more to give for two Votes, if there should be Occasion for them; but there was no Danger at that time:

That, upon the Day before the Matter of this Election was heard by the Committee, he was in Company with Mr. Pyke and others, when this Election was talked of; and, it being said there was no Swearing in it, Pyke replied, he would swear, and lye too, but he would carry the Election:

That Nich. Worger,a Presbyterian, who voted for the Sitting Member, and is summoned as a 'Witness for the Petitioner, upon the Petitioner’s desiring him to do as he would be done by, said to him, Neighbour, don’t tell me; Six Guineas is better than that:

That

v

i i Ann.

8 ° Mail

215

That Thonlas Hauler, Who voted fop the Sitting Sitting Member cahie to hint before the Election, and Steyning

Member, declared, He would not vote for any Man

without £.5. ____ ______

This Witness being cross-examined, fa id. The Petitioner was at the Star, and went away from thence at Ten a Clock the Night before the Election.

That the Sitting Member’s Courifel examined Witnesses: viz.

said, He could find nothing wagging, he could get no thing for Iris Vote. . (

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Refolotion;

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Richard Lord Bellezo, of the Kingdom of is duly elected a Burgess to Terve in this present far-

Eitdiou.

John Ghent said, That the Petitioner, just before he liament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of went down to Steyning, declared. He would certainly

petition, if he had but Three or Four Votes.

Timothy Hitman said. He heard William Knight say, he should have a House of he came to prove Bribery for the Sitting Member; but he did not know Knight is a Tenant of the Petit ioher, or that he atked any Votes.

Mr. Nath.Tray foil said. That, ppon the 16th of

October last, is Steward to his Grace the Duke of Norfolk, he kept a Court Baron and Court Leet at the White Hnrfe at Steyning-, and went afterwards to keep a Hundred Court for his Grace; and, while he was there, was font for to an Alehouse over the Way, by one thqt wanted to speak with him; lie went thither, and found it was one Mills, a Sadler at , font for him;

upon asking Mills what Business he had with him. said, He would give him a Reward, which the Witness apprehended to be 10 or 20 Guineas, though Mills did not name the Sum, if she Witness would chute one Andrews Constable; and Mills natped the Petitioner, and his Party, and made it plain Andrews was in the Petitioner’s interest; but the Witness bid Mills go home, and mind his own Trade:

he Resolution of the House, of the Eighth. of December last, relating, to the Lord? of Parliament, and Lords Lieutenants, of Counties, concerning the njselves in t}ie Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, was read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in, the said Resolution. That Richard Lord of the

Kingdom of'Ifeland, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of in the County of Sit//ex.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, . LoS.

Tellers for the Noes, /

*55-

The House divided. The Yeas go forth.

That Andrews and one Dickenson being returned, Borough of Steyning; the Witness chose Dickenson Constable; and said. He did not know any thing of Mills' being an Agent for the Petitioner.

Richard Willet and Thomas Langley said. That Mills gave them, the Night before the Election, Six Pence

Chapman,

So it passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That William Uallis Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said

Goreing,

apiece, and, Two or Three Nights before that, a Shilling, or Eighteen Pence apiece, to sperid; and a Iked their Votes for the Petitioner; they did not promise him, but voted for the Sitting Member: And did not know Mills solicited, or atked, any other Person’s Vote. Tho. Tyke said, That Mills told him, he was sorry the

Tellers for the Yeas/Mr' , .

T Mr. Pr/fe

Tellers for the Noes| f

I06.

*55-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the late Flection for the said Boro ugn of Steyning is a void Election.

Ordered, That no new Writ do issue this Session of Parliament, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this

Witness was out of the Way; they had loll an Oppor- present Parliament for the said Borough of Steyning. tunity of a Constable; and that Mr. Lancajicr gave

him Five Guineas, and promised him Five more, to get Andrews Constable; for he had promised to return the Petitioner: That Lancdjler lives under the Petitioner, ip a llobfe the Petitioner hires, and voted and took the Poll for him:

That the Petitioner treated several People at the Election, particularly Richard Ay: That he Heard

Mills say in Company, the Petitioner used him hardly; and, becatife all the Gentlemen of the Country appeared for the Sitting Member, he thought it better to vote for him, and oblige them, rather than the Petitioner, who had raised his Rent, and would not give him a Receipt for the Land Tax, to keep him under: That 20 of the'Petitioner’s Voters are his own Tenants;

That William Knight folicjted Votes for the Petitioner; manages for him; and brews good Beer, at the Petitioner’s Expence; and, upon Occasion of this Election, the Petitioner shewed the Witness the Account Knight had given him for Brewing; and said, he was sorry that little Rascal should say any thing against him, for he had always done for him every thing he desired:

Ifhat Knight takes upon him to buy and sell the Borough, and has now a £.30 Note for his interest at a former Election: He has treated several at his House; hut the Witness said, he could not charge the Petitioner with it.

Tho. Kelsey said. That William , one of the

Petitioner’s Voters told him, the Day before the Elec-

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Hiccocks:

Mr.Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Greenwich for the better collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the Support of the Royal Hospital ot’Greenwich; and for the farther Benefit thereof; and for the preserving her M a jetty’s Harbour Moorings; without Amendment. And,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bofion Act for the better supplying the Town of , in the Waterworks. County of Lincoln, with fresh Water, without Amendment. And,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ipswich, tee. for the better repairing and amending the Road lead- Roads>* ingfrom Ip/wich to Cleydon, and the Road called the Pye Road, in the County of Suffolk, without Amendment. Arid also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Election* — Act for the mote effectual preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for electing Votes. Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament, with an Amfcudment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Francis Moore, Esquire, in the County of Wilts, for discharging an Incumbrance there-

M oort’s

Estate.

on; and for providing a Portion for his only Daughter; jtion,.Knight had promised to pay his Rent, to be for and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Petitioner; and therefore he could not be for the they desire the Concurrence of this House. And also.

Sitting Member. The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Auden's

John Hunt said, That Robert IJanfon, a Voter for the vetting the Inheritance of the Manor of EllaU*

Vol. 17. and

Call of the

House.

CoL Alexander and Regiment'* Relief.

Public

Money

accounted

for.

Supply Bill;

Duties on Soup, Sic.

Leave of Able nee.

Committee*.

Duties on Draperies.

2i<S 8° — 9°

ml divers other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Sir Robert Austen Baronet: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day were read.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be farther adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Colonel Francis Alexander, and his Regiment, in the Leeward Islands, in America.

Mr. Vernon reported from the Committee, to whom the Account, shewing how much of the Sum of Thirty-five millions Three hundred and Two thousand One hundred and Seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings, and Nine Pence, of the Mouey granted by Parliament, and issued for the Publick Service, to Christmas 1710, which appeared to remain unaccounted for the last Session of Parliament, has since been accounted for before the Auditors of the Imprefts; and by whom, and when; and what Obstructions have arisen in accounting for the fame; was referred; the Matter, as it appeared to them; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the said Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and stained Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or Rained; to raise Money, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and upon the Bill to appoint Commissioners to examine the Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and upon what Confederations such Grants were made; and also upon the Bill for laying several Duties upon such Ramped Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards, and Dice, in the Hands of the Dealers therein.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they

had made a farther Progress in the Bills; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bills.

Ordered, That Mr. Eversfeildhave Leave to make a

Motion, it being after Two a Clock.

And he moved accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Houston have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That all Committees which are to fit this Evening, he adjourned.

Ordered, That Mr. Gould have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved accordingly.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the CuRomsdo lay before this House an Account of the gross Produce of the Duties upon the old and new Draperies, and other Woollen Manufactures, for the JaR Three Years, before the same were taken away by Act of Parliament.

19

Mail. A.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 90 die Maii \

Anno n* Annas Reginas, 1712. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for uniting the Parish Churches of 77 and

Ingrave, in the County of Essex, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Nevill Witherhj, Alexander and

James Lowe, of Covent-Garden, Mercers, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That there being a Bill depending in this honourable House,' for Sale of the Manors of North Court and , in the Parish

of Sudngfeild, in the County of Kent, Part of the Estate of Richardson Gomeldon, Esquire, for discharging Incumbrances; and there being a considerable Sum of Money due to the Petitioners, by Judgment, from William Gomeldon, Esquire, deceased, to whom the said Richard Gomeldon is Brother and Heir; which Debt, the Petitioners humbly conceive, is not provided for by the said Bill: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Lands in in the County of Bedford, in John Hillerfdon, Esquire, and his Heirs,

discharged of several Uses and Estates to which they are limited; and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, in the same County, to the same Uses; was read the First time.

.Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Chapman reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Owen Thomas Bromfall Gentleman, to fell divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Bedford, for the Purpose therein mentioned, was committed. That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made One Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where it was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Uoufe, and is as follows: viz.

Pr. 2. L. lull, after " shall," to insert " be."

Ordered, That the Bill for making effectual such Agreement as shall be made between the Royal can Company of England, and their Creditors, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and Rained Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; to raise Money by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and upon the Bill to appoint Commissioners to examine the Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown, lincc, the 13th Day of February 1688; and upon what Considerations such Grants were made; and also upon the Bill for laying several Duties upon such Ramped Vellom, Parchment, arid Paper, as are therein mentioned; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice, in the Hands of the Dealers therein.

Mr.

Thorndoo

Parish*

Gomeldon s Estate.

Hillerfdrtn’*

Estate.

Bromfali’s

ElUte.

A frican

Company's

Creditors*

Supply Bill; Duties on Soap,

r rants by tine Crown.

Uht hew’s Ijfcite.

11 AnTN.

90 — 10° Mail.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Way hither, and the said Mr. not having peti-

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee* tioned this honourable House touching the Premises,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Until the 15th of April last: And praying, That the said

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they Mr. may be heard by his Counsel; and that

had gone through the Bill for laying several Duties he may have a reasonable Time to come from upon Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported and bring his Writings and Evidence, and prepare for into the fame; and upon chequered and stained Liriens such Hearing.

’ ’ - c" T: , That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, thereupon, before the said Committee, if he think fit.

imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stufi's, printed, painted or stained; to raise Money, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and also through the Bill for laying several Duties upon such stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice, in the Hands of the Dealers therein; and had made several Amendments to them; and united the fame, pursuant to the Order of the House; and had directed him to report the said Bills and Amendments, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers reported also from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill to appoint Commissioners to examine the Value of Lands, and other Interefis, granted by the Crown, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and upon what Considerations such Grants were made; and had made several Amendments thereunto; which they have directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report bereceivedTo-morrow

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 10° die Mail;

Anno 11* Ann® Regin®, 1712.

Prayers.

A PETITION of several Merchants, Owners and Customson Freighters of the Touer Frigate, was prefen ted*0 Goods d*-the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Ship r°^*

arrived in the River of Thames laden with Wine, Od» Rajftns, and Almonds, from Gibraltar, the First of April, 1708: That on the Fifth Day of the same Month Ihe was set on Fire by John Smith a Tidefman, who was put on board for Security of her Majesty’s Customs; by which Misfortune the Petitioners were damaged £.2,558 12 6 That the Petitioners soon after ap-

Morning, before the Report of the Bills for laying several plied themselves, by Petition, to the late Lord High Duties upon Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or Treasurer, setting forth their great Losses, and the Man-imported into the fame; and upon chequered and stained ner thereof: and praying to be relieved in like manner Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, as the Law directs, in case Goods exported are loft, or Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; to raise taken, before they arrive at the Place u'here they are Money, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Sup- consigned to, to ship so many G oods, of Custom free, as ply; and for laying several Duties upon such stamped their Losses amounted to: That the said Petition, and Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, asarethereinmentioned; the Petitioners Papers, by his Lordship’s Direction, was and for licensing an Additional Number of Hackney Tent to the Commissioners of her Majesty’s Customs, to Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and examine the fame; and report their Opinion, what was

Dice, in the Hands of the Dealers therein.

A Petition of John Mountague, of Lincoln'slnn. Gentleman, for and on behalf of Colchester Phillipps fifepwe, now at his Residence ip Ireland, or in his Way from thence hither, relating to the Bill depending for Relief

fit to be done therein: That the Commissioners of the Customs were so sensible, that the Petitioners Losses came by the Default and Negligence of the said Officer, that they soon difmifTedhim thereupon; and did report, that the Petitioners had fully made out the Particulars of their Losses, with the Manner thereof, by sufficient

cf George Mathew Efiprire against a Clause in an Act of Affidavits; but that the Duties of Customs were so ap-Farliament, passed in Ireland, whereby several Fines and propriated, that they could not relieve the Petitioners: Recoveries, and a Settlement of his Wife’s Estate, are The Petitioners therefore, did lay the State of their same fi t alide, was presented to the House, and read; setting before her Majesty, iti Council; praying the like Relief; forth. That the said Mr. Phillipps, in April 1711, exe- who was graciously pleased to refer the fame, the 19th of

cutird to the Petitioner a Letter of Attorney; thereby reciting, That the said Mr. M did, in One thousand Seven hundred and Ten, cause to be published, and affixed in several Places in the City of , and

delivered to Mr. Phillipps, au Advertisement, dated the 12th Day of that Month, giving Notice, That he, the said Mr. Mathew, intended to apply to the Parliament of Great Britain, at their then next Session, to be relieved against the Clause; and that, in pursuance, of that Notice, the said Mr. Phillipps had, t<? his great Charge and Damage made a Voyage to England, and attended here, from the 4th of December 1710 to the 4th of April following, being the Date of the said Letter of Attorney; but that, although Mr. had delivered several printed Cafes to several Members of this honourable House, yet that he had not caused any Petition to be presented to either House of Parliament upon the Subject-matter of his laid Notice; and the said Mr. Phillipps does, by his said Letter of Attorney, impower the Petitioner, on his behalf, humbly to petition either of the Houses of Parliament, for the Purposes herein after humbly prayed: That the Petitioner knows that the said Mr. Phillipps did attend here for several Months, during the last Session of Parliament, in order to make his Defence to the Matters mentioned in Mr. Matheio's said Notice :That the said Mr Phillip/>s being now in ,or in his

Vol. 17.

April 1711, to the then Lords Commissioners of her Majesty’s Treasury; who were to consider of the Petitioners Request, and to report their Opinion thereupon; but no Report being made thereof, the Petitionersdidthen make their humble Application to the present Lord High Treasurer; but being made sensible, that his Lordship is not impowered to give the Petitioners any Relief in the Matter, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And prayingyour Honours, in Consideration that their great Losses came by the Negligence of one of her Majesty’s Servants; and that since there is a Law, that doth allow Merchants, in case Goods exported are loft, or taken, before they arrive at the Place they are consigned to, to lliip off so many Goods Custom-free, as their Losses amounted to; and the Petitioners same being more calamitous than if their Effects had been loft, or taken, at Sea: That they may be allowed to import so many Goods, Custom free, as may he an Equivalent to their great Losses; or give them such other Relief as to Wisdom and Justice ffiali seem meet.

Ordered,’V\i&tthe said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House: And it is referred to Sir Peter King, Mr.

Sir 77ro. Powell, Mr. Freman, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Webb, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Lifter, Mr.

Duncomb, Mr. Cotejicorth, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Mr.

3 K Monekton,

3l8

10° — -120 Mali.

A. 1712.

Monckton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Colonel Cage,

Mr. Serjeant Webb, Mr. Fairer, Mr. Wm. Bough tan. Sir James Bateman, Mr Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Car-

eer t And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

Duties on A Petition of the united Company of Merchants of Transfers of £ngJxmd trading to the Indies was offered to the

8toc *. House, relating to the Duties to be laid upon Transfers of Stocks:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Petition be brought up:

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Gregory Page have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. MompeJJbn have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Ernie have Leave to go into the Country fora Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Lockhart have Leave to go into the Country fora Month upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Alexander Ram/ay, have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Moore's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for Sale of the Estate of Francis Moore Esquire, in the County of Wilts, for discharging an Incumbrance thereon; and for providing a Portion for his only Daughter; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Importing Ordered, That the Bill to encourage the Importing of

Naval Stores Naval Stores from North Britain, be read a , Second from Scotland Upfln Thursday Morning next.

Grants by Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the

the Crown. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to appoint Commissioners to examine the Value of all Lands and other Interests, granted by the Crown, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and upon what Consideration such Grants were made; was committed; the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and had di-. rested him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Secqnd time, ope by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impower, the said Commissioners, qr any four of them, to inquire into any Grants or Gifts whatsoever in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, other than Grants or Gifts of forfeited JLliates; Grants or Gifts of Lands which belonged, in Property to the Crown, and are not ratified in Parliament; and Grants of the Rents and Revenues which formerly belonged to Archbishops, Bishops, and other dignified Clergy:

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up:

Then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be maae Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the Trulls and Powers in the said Bill be Seven.

Resolved, That no Person shall be a Commissioner, who has any Office or Profit, or is accountable to her Majesty; or has, or holds under, any Grant from the Crown, since the 13th Day of February 1688.

Resolved, That the Commissioners may be Members of this House.

Resolved, That the Commissioners be chosen by way of Balloting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of Seven Persons Names, to be Commissioners for putting in Execution the Bill to appoint Commissioners to examine the Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and upon what Considerations such Grants were made.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Gale have Leave to go into the Absence, Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

18

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, "reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bills were committed, for laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and stained Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, orftained; to raise Money, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and for laying several Duties upon such damped Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice, in the Hands of the Dealers therein; the Amendments they had made to the fame, and had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and several of them being read a second time, they, with some Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the farther Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Richard Cobham, Lieutenant Colonel W alterPaUiffer, LieutenantCoIonel Lewis

deSidiere, Major Henry Brad/haigh, Major Officers in the Marine Service, and Richard Blasyse Esquire, and Margaret his Wife, Administratrix of Captain Henry Marshall, late also an Officer in the Marine Service, now deceased, on behalf of themfel ves, and great Numbers of other Officers in the Six Regiments of Marines, and the Widows, Orphans, and other Represen-tatives, of several such Officers, was referred, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Hill for the explaining and amending a Clause in the Act, of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the late King William, intituled, An Act, for the farther regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing and retuming such Members; relating to the Adjournment of the Poll, at Elections of Knights for the County of Southampton, from Winchester, to Newport in the Isle of Wight.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning; Nine of the Clock.

Lunay 12* die Matt;

Anno li* Annas Reginas, 171*. Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition made between William Pynfent Esquire, and Mary his Wife, John Trevillian Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and their Trustees, of several Manors and Lands in the County of Somerset, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a. Second time.

An

Leave of j

Absence,

Supply Bill, Duues on < Soap, fcc.

Marine Pay Arrean.

Southamjrtot Place of Foil at ihlediop

Pynfent'q imitate. j

Austen’s

fci'ute*

Leave of Absence*

Supply Bill; Duties oo Soap, &c.

11 Ann. i i° — 13* Mail. a 19

An ingrossed Bill from thf Lords, Intituled, An Act for vesting the Inheritance of the Manor of CoUrt-tit-week, and divers other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Sir Robert Aujten Baronet, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Bately have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bills were committed for laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chenuered and llained Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or llained; to raise Money, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and for laying several Duties upon such stampt Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned; and for licehfing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice, in the Hands of the Dealers therein.

And several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, as far as Clause O, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme of them were disagreed unto, and the rest, with Amendments to some of them^greed unto, by the House.

Clause O being read a Second time, That, in Consideration of the Duty paid by virtue of the Act on Soap made use of in the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom, there shall, from and after the Five-and-twentieth Day of December 1712, for and during the

Remainder of the mid Term of Thirty-two Years, be paid, upon the Exportation of Blankets, Duffields, Ruggs, Frize, and Bays, after the Rate of One Shilling on every Hundred Weigiit of the said Goods so exported; and upon the Exportation of Cloth* Cloth Ralhes, Kirfies, and Half Thicks, after the Rate of Two Shillings on every Hundred Weight of the said Goods so exported; and upon the Exportation of Serges, Says, Perpetuanas, Shalloons, Stuffs, and all other Sorts of Draperies made of Wool only, after the Rate of Three Shillings on every Hundred Weight of the said Goods so exported; and upon the Exportation of Worsted Stockings, made of Wool only, after the Rate of Four Shillings on every Hundred Weight of Worsted Stockings so exported; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity of the said Woollen Goods so exported respectively; and that the Collector, or Chief Officers, of the Port where the said Goods shall be exported, shall forthwith give to the Exporter thereof a Certificate, or Debenture, expressing the true Weight and Quality of the said Goode so exported, or shipped for Exportation; which Certificate, or Debenture, being produced to the Collector, or other Officer, appointed to receive the said Duty on Soap, in thfe said County, or Place, where the said Goods were exported, or shipped for Exportation, he is hereby required to pay the Drawback or Duty herein before directed, respectively, to be paid; and in case the said Collector, or any other Officer, shall not have Money in his or their Hands to pay the same, then the Commissioners appointed for the executing that Part of this Act relating to the Soap Duty are hereby required to pay the same out of the Duty on Soap arising by the said Act; that there shall be paid by the Exporter of the said Goods, for every Certificate, or Debenture, relating to the said Drawback, over and above the Stamp Duties, the Sum of One Shilling, and no more; ami if any Officer, or Persons, shall at any time exact or take any more than the said Sum of One Shilling, as aforesaid, he. or they, so offending, shall forfeit ana Iple his or their Employments respectively; and be incapable of serving her Majesty, her Heirs and Sucedlorsy for the Term of Three Yea is, after the said Forfeiture;

Vqj~ 17.

Atid the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Residne of the said Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon^ with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for giving an Allowance to the Manufacturers of the Woollen Manufacture, for Soap used therein:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Blanks, for the Allowance to the Mania.-fasturers, be filled up with the Word " Third

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Te.'er.for.heY.asf^*'". } 4,

Teltefor, heNoe,{"^ } 47-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Blank be filled up with the Word " Half:"

And, all the rest of the Blanks in the Clause, except the lad, being filled up:

The Clause was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,.

Ordered, That the farther Consideration of the said Clause be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, after the Balloting for Commissioners for putting in Execution the Trusts and Powers in the Bill to appoint Commissioners to exam i ue the Vafueof all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown, (ince the 13th Day of February 1688; and upon what Confidetrations such Grants were made.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Ways

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Me"*-whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill for making effectual such African Agreement as shall be made between the Royal A/ridah Company’* Company of England, and their Creditors, be read a Creditor*. Second time' upon ThurJ'day Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 130 die Maii;

Anno 11* Ann® Regin® 171*.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords intituled, An Act Regha Pro.

for confirming, and rendering more effectual, certain Letters Patents of YLing James i\ for annexing

a Canonry, and several Rectories, to the Regius Pro-feffor of Divinity in the University of and to

the Regius Professor, and Lady Margaret's Reader, of Divinity, in the University of; was read

a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm,

Wkitelocke, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Wimfor, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Newland, Sir Wm, Hardre/s, Mr,

Mr. Palmes, Mr. Murray, Dr. Paske, Sir Wm. Withers,

Sir Geo. Newland, Mr. Berners, Mr. Vincent, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Chetwind, Mr. Lloyd, Mry Quick, Mn Hart, Mr. Eversfeild, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Wright/on, Mn Gery, Mr. Middleton, Colonel Grahm, Mr. Anflis, Sir James Bateman, Mr. Onslow, Brigadier Windsor, Mr;

Duncomb, Mr. Foley, Sir /Vm. Po, Sir Fra,

Sir

aao if Maii.

Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Sir

Mr. Finch, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Robert Dovers-, and all that serve for the Counties of Oxford and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vyner’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ertate. to vest several Lands and Tenements in the County of Warwick, the Estate of Thomas Tyner, late of Ethrop, in the said County, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees; and to enable them to fell Part thereof, for discharging several Debts and Incumbrances thereon; and to raise a present Provision for his Son and Heir, an Infant, and the rest of his Children; was read a Second time.

Reftolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Hart, Sir Just. Ifliarn, Captain Chapman, Mr.

Cholmendly, Mr. Carnegie, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Leigh, Mr. Goulston, Mr. Hardrifts, Mr. Bertie, Lord Downe, Sir Richard How, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Fox, Mr. Eyre, Colonel Cage, Mr. Sir Wm.

Boughton, Mr. Parker, Sir Arth. Mr. Sir

Pat. Johnstone, Mr. BellaJ'yse, Mr. Bur ridge, Mr. Med-lycot, Mr. Carter, Sir Wm. Mr Vernon, Mr.

Burslem, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Gore, Colonel Lee, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Sheppeard, Sir Pole, Sir Robert Davos,

Mr. Campion, Mr. Freman, Mr. England, Mr. Ash, Mr.

PriJ'e, Mr. Webb, Mr. Hyde, Mr. Duncomb, Mr.

Mr. Cdtftar, Mr. Goddard, Mr. Hungerftord, Mr. Renda, Sir Henry Houghton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Sir Richard Onfloio, Mr. Campion, Mr. Alunden; and all that serve for the County of Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Patrick’s Mr. Levinz reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. fjie ingrossgj Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale, of the Manor of Dalham, and other Manors and Hereditaments, in the County of Suffolk, and elsewhere, late the Estate of Simon Patrick Clerk, deceased, for the several Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bil., and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concern-,ed therein had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Westeme’i Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, to Estate. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Weflerne Esquire, an Infant, to make a Settlement of his Estate, upon his Marriage, notwithstanding his Infancy, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be truej and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made One Amendment to the Bill; which they had.directed him to report to the House i and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read^ and, upon the Quef-tion put thereupon; agreed unto by the House; and is as follows -. viz,

Pr. i. L. 9. To leave out " ," and insert

Lawling."

Vimhonri|h’i Do6)or Paftke reported from the Committee, to whom Eftatf. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate late of Bartholomew Vanhomrigh Esquire, deceased, lying in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold, was committed. That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee;and that the Committee had made some Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them iu at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same »9

were twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 1, Leave out " One:"

L. zt. The same Amendment.

Mr. WrightJ'on reported from the Committee, to whom pcirfon’i the Bill for Sale of the Estate of William Esquire, Estate.

deceased, for Payment of an Incumbrance thereupon, and a Debt due from the said William Peirfton, to her Majesty.as he was Collector of the Customs at Plymouth, was committed. That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be . ingrossed.

A Petition of George Sayer Gentleman, was presented Gomcl<Wi to the House, and read; setting forth, That there being Etut*. a Bill for the Sale of the Manors of North Court and Boynton, in the Parish of Swingfeild in the County of Kent, Part of the Estate of Richard Gomeldon Esquire, for discharging Incumbrances; and the Petitioner being a Creditor in £. 171. by Judgment, again!! William Gomeldon, Esquire, deceased, to whom the said Richard Gomeldon is Brother and Heir; the Petitioner conceives his said Debt not to be well provided for by the said Bill: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of George Dixon Doctor in Divinity was Dixon’*

presented to the House.....setting forth, That George Debt to t!»

Dixon, the Petitioner’s Father, being appointed Re- Crown, ceiver General of the I and Tax, and Window Tax, for the County of Somerftet, for the Years 1704, 1705, and 1706, and 1707, the Petitioner became one of his said Father’s Sureties: That for the Years 1704, 1705, and

1706, the Petitioner’s Father had his Quietus for the Money received on Account of the Land Tax: That, by Misfortunes, and his returning his Money into the Hands of the Netvels, who afterwards failed, became greatly indebted to her Majesty for the Land Tax for

1707, and for the Window Tax for the said Four Years; in regard whereof the Petitioner is in Danger of Ruin iri his whole Estate, he having already paid£. 600.; but his Friends are willing to advance something: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer to compound with the Petitioner.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Reftolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Publication the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Libel*, of that Part of her Majesty’s Message to the House, the

17th of Januarylaft, which relates to the great Licence

taken in publishing false and scandalous Libels, be received upon this Day Sevennight.

Reftolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sc- African vennight, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, Trade* to consider farther of the Bill for establishing a Trade to Africa in a regulated Company.

The Order for making Choice, by Balloting, of Com- Grants by missioners to examine the Value of all Lands, and other the Cruw"

Interefis,

Supply Bill; Duties on boap, &c*

11 And. iMatt. at

Interests granted by the Crown, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and upon what Considerations such Grants were made; being read;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arras attending this House do go with the Mace into and

Courts there, and the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members to attend the Service of the House immediately.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

The Clerk, and Clerk Assistant, went on each Side the House, with Glasses, to receive from the Members of the House the Lists of Persons Names to be Commissioners:

And the same were brought up to the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That aCommittee be appointed to examine the Lifts: And that they do report to the House, upon which Seven Persons the Majority falls:

And it is referred to Mr. Sc, Mr. Mr.

Shippen, Lord Lyon, Mr. Retida, Sir Bo tighten,

Mr. Moor, Sir Wm. Pole, Captain , Mr. Prise,

Mr. Winnington, Mr. Harris, Mr. Hunger/ord, Sir Wm. Barker, Mr. Foley, Mr. BerMr. Duncomb, Sir John Conzvay, Mr. Edgcomb, Mr. Mr. Murray, Mr. Levinz, Sir Geo. ', Mr.

Mr. Annejley, Mr. Campion, Mr. Webb, Mr. Gery, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Jones, Mr. Phelipps, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Tho. Potcell, Mr. Newland, Ix»rd Down, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Bulled, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Cholmondley, Mr. Goulston, Mr. Smith; And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House resumed the farther Consideration of the Clause, offered Yesterday, to the Bill for laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and stained Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Cal* licoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; to raise Money, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and for laying several Duties upon such iiamped Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein , mentioned; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice, in the Hands of the Dealers therein.

And the Clause being read a Second time, with a Blank; which was filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That any Person or Persons, who shall export any Soap to any foreign Parts, shall or may make Proof, upon Oath, or by such Affirmation, respectively, as aforesaid, That the Duty of such Soap hath been paid, or secured, according to this Act; which Oath, or Affirmation, the Collector who received the said Duty is hereby required and impowered to administer; and thereupon the said Customer, or Collector of the said Port of Exportation, shall give to the Exporter thereof a Debenture, expressing the true Kinds and Quantities of the Soap so exported; and, the Exportation thereof being certified by the Searcher, upon the said Debenture, the Collector appointed to receive the said Duties upon Soap in such County or Place, where the said Soap was exported, upon producing the said Debenture so certified to him, shall forthwith pay the Duties, which shall have been received upon this Act, for the Soap so exported, to the Persons or Agents so exporting the fame; and if such Collector shall not have Money in his Hands to pay any such Debenture, then the respective Commissioners for the said Duties of Soap are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, the said Debenture, out of any Duties upon Soap arising by this Act; or if the Duty of such Soap, so exported, were only secured, and shall remain unpaid, then the same shall be discharged upon the Securities for the fame:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

Vol. 17.

And then the Clause was, Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill* That by the Act of Parliament made in the Ninth Year of her Majesty’s Reign* amongst other things, for making good Deficiencies, and satisfying Publick Debts, it was provided, That several Shares or Parts of the capital Stock of the Corporation, which was to be ereftedin pursuance of that Act, and is sinceerested by the Name of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America; and for encouraging the Fishery; should be ascertained, and be disposed, and disposeable, for the Use of the Publick, in such Manner and Form, and by such several Ways and Means, as in the said Act are expressed in that behalf; That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Treasurers of the Navy and Ordnance, and the respective Paymasters of the Guards* Garrisons.and Land Forces, for the Time being, or any other Officers or Persons, who are, or shall be, entitled to any Parts or Shares of the said capital Stock for the Publick Use and Benefit, not being absolutely fold, applied, or disposed, for some of the Publick Uses in that Act mentioned, from time to time, by any Warrant of Warrants in Writing, from the High Treasurer of Great Britain now being, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, and not otherwise, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies PolitickorCorporate, who are, or shall be, willing to advance or lend the same upon Credit of the said Publick Stock, or any Part thereof; and to allowInterest, not exceeding the Rate of£.6 per Cent, per Annum, for the Forbearance thereof, *to be paid every Three Months from the respective Times of making such Loans or Advances, until the respective Times of Repayment of the principal Monies; and to assign, mortgage, and transfer, such respective Shares of the said Stock, whereupon such Sums of Money shall be agreed to be so lent, to the respective Lenders thereof, or such as they severallyand respectively shall appoint; and to their Executors, Administrators, Success'ors, and Assigns, respectively; upon such Conditions of Redemption, and under such Agreements, for the Sale of the Stock so mortgaged, for making Default in the Repayment of the Monies to be borrowed thereupon, or upon Non-payment of the Interest thereof, and subject to such other Conditions, and in such Manner and Form, as in such Warrant and Warrants respectively shall be prescribed iu that behalf;

Aud the same was twice read* with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the SouthSea Company should be continued, as to

Trade, notwithstanding the Redemption of their Fund: And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for the better appertaining and securing the Payments to be made to her Majesty, for Goods and Merchandizes to be imported from the East Indies, and other Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the East India Company:

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for the more easy col left ing the Duties, and preventing Disputes that may arise from the Difference of the Breadths of Callicoes, which are, or shall be, printed, painted, or stained; and that all such Callicoes which are, or shall be, printed, painted, or stained, and which shall be within One-eighth Part of a Yard, of Yard broad, or not exceeding One-eighth Part of a Yard, of Yard broad, shall pay as Yard broad, and no more nor less:

3 L And

i22 13°^-140 Mail A. i-j\2.

And the same was twice read; and, updrithe Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to b'e made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Justices of Peace should have Power to examine Matters, add determine DisputeS, in relation to the Duties upon Soap and Callicoes:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That, for the Encouragement of Learning, so much as shall, from time to time, be paid for the Duties grahted by this Act for any Quantities 6f Paper, which, during the Continuance of the said Duties, shall be used In the printing any Books, in the Greet,-Oriental,

br Northern Languages, within the Uriiveiffities land, or any of them, by Permission of t*he Principal of the same respectively, shall and may be drawn back, and repaid, in manner following; that is to say, the chief Manager of the Press in the said Universities shall and may, from time to time, make Proof, by Oath, in Writing, before the Principal, who is hereby impowered to administer the same; expressing therein the Kinds, Quari-tities of the Paper so used; and how much the Duty thereof, payable by this Act, doth amount to; which Oath, in Writing, being certified by the Principal, and produced, the Lord Treasurer of Britain, or the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, for the time being, shall forthwith, from time to time, issue his or their Orders, or Warrants, to the respective Commissioners, who by this Act are to manage the Duties upon Paper, to cause Payment to be made of so much Mb-nies, as the Duties so used in the Printing of the said Books in the said Universities of Scotland shall amount to; the same Payments to be made without any Fee or Charge whatsoever, and without Delay, to such Person or Persons as the said respective Principals shall authorize and appoint to receive the same, out of any of the Duties Upon Paper, arising by this Act, in Scotland:

Atid the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TCers for he 47-

Tellers for the Noes,^ Burgh:\ 36'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Annejley have Leave to make a Motion; it being after Two of the Clock.

And he moved accordingly.

South Sea Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Company, continuing the Trade to the South Seas, granted-by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies; and for satisfying the publick Debts; and for erecting a Corporation to carry on a Trade to the South Seas-, and for Encouragement of the Fishery; and for Liberty to trade in unwrought Iron with the Subjects of; and to repeal the Acts for roqiflering Seamen, although the capital Stock uf the said Corporation should be redeemed: And that Mr. Annejley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Auditor Harley, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Sir James Bateman, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Havers have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved accordingly.

Rift India Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Imports, better afeertnining and securing the Payments to be made to her Majesty, for Goods and Merchandizes‘to

ao

to be imported from the East Indies, and other Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the East India Company: And that Sir Robert Havers, Mr.

Ldwndcs, Mr. Hungerford, and Mr. Coateficorlli, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir JVm. Barker reported from the Committee ap- Grammy pointed to withdraw, and examine the Lifts given in by the Cru*n. the Members to be Commissioners for putting in Execution the Trusts and Powers in the Bill to appoint Commissioners to examine the Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and upon what Considerations such Grants were made; and to report upon which Seven Persons the Majority fell; That they bad examined the Lifts accordingly; and that the Majorily fell upon

John Hind Cotton Esquire ----- - 433

The honourable James Murray Esqtiire - - 195

The Right honourable Henry Viscount Houm of the Kingdom of Ireland ----- 189

Charles Cholmondeley Esquire - - - 163

James Bulteel Esquire ----- -- 162

William Lcvinz Esquire ----- -- 160

And Sir Edmund B aeon Baronet - - - - 56

Which Report he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table until the ingrossed Bill to appoint Commissioners to examine the Value of all Lands, and other Interests granted by the Crown, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and upon what Considerations such Grants were made;

shall be read the Third time.

Ordered, That Mr. Earle, Mr. Smilhfon, Mr. Bur- Ciifiom* ridge, SirJo/m Norris, Mr. //ern, Mr. Mead, Mr. Smith, on Goods Mr. Withers, Mr. Swift, Sir Geo. Nexoland, Mr.

Mr. Marriott, Sir Wm. Phipard, Mr. Buckingham, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Lot Mr. Cotcf-morth, Mr. Child, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, Owners, and Freighters of the Tower Frigate, was referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Cotefworlh, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. I-otterr Mead, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Erie, be added to the Com- Ticked mittee, to whom the Bill to impower the Paymasterof ’

the Million Lottery Tickets to pay to Sir Hodges Baronet, the Money due upon Fourteen Tickets in the said Lottery, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 14* die Mali;

Anno ii* Annpe Regin®, 1712.

Paaters.

R. Bayley presented to the House, according to Douglas’ Order, a Bill for the Relief of Sir William Houg- Reliel* las. Lieutenant General of her Majesty’s Forces: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hillerfdon* for veiling Several Lands in Battlefdon, in the County Huic. of Bedford, in John Hillerfdon Esquire, and his Heirs, discharged of several Uses and Estates, to which they are limited; and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, in the same County, to the same Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bathurst,

Mr. Cholm ley, Dr. Pafc, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr.

tree, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Newland, Captain Bingham, Mr. Luluich, Sir Ja. Moantagu, Mr minique, M r. Carter, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir Newland

Mr. V ernc/i, Ibrd Howne, Mr. Cotton, Sir

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Choume, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr.

Nicholas,

ri Ann. 146 Muiu 223

Nicholas, Sir GilbertDolben, Mr. Duncomb, Sir Richard-.

Onsloio, Mr. Wind for, Mr. Mr. Shocker ley, Mr.

Smith, Mr. WenticorthiMr. Herbert, Mr. Perrier, Mr. Serjeant Webb, Mr. Swift, Mr Mr. Burslem,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. JeffreysMr. Annejley, Mr. Cotton,

Mr. Robinson, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Berners, Mr.

ton; and all the Members that serve for Bedford and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. ' ,

Henley’s. Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee, to tiLxlc- whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to cut and fell Timber on the Estate late of Anthony Hdeceased; and for applying the Money thereby arising towards Payment of his younger Childrens Portions provided by his Marriage Settlement; and also for transferring certain Estates, by the same Settlement now vested in Richard Esquire, toother Trustees, on the same Trails; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where they were lead; and are as follow, viz.

Pr. 5» L. 9. and 10. Leave out " Daughter or " Daughters, or younger Son or Sons," and, instead thereof, insert "Children, being younger Sons or " Daughters, or younger Son and Daughter

Pr. 6, L 41. and 42. Leave out "are of full Growth, "and fit to be felled or cut," and, instead thereof, insert " they the said Trustees, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, shall think proper:"

Pr. 7, L. 44. After the Word " they," add " the said Trustees, or the major part of them; and, in the same Line, leave out the Word "mutually."

The said Amendments, being ievetally read a Second time, were, upon the Queliion i’everally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Fennor’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling certain Lands, Part of the Manor of Weight-feild, alias Whitefield, and other Lands, in the County of Gloucester, for the Payment of the Debts heretofore of Mary Termor, Widow, deceased; audof More

junior, of Kir/ling/on, in the County of Nottingham, Esquire, and Margaret his Wife; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

I.«g«cie* for Mr. Rozoland Colton presented to the House, accord-charitable ing to Order, a Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Vfc* Gifts and Legacies given to pious and charitable Ui'es:

And the same was received; and read the First time. Rejoiced, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Hotchinfon’* A Petition of John Hulchinfon was presented to the Time House, and read: setting forth, That the Petitioner

Movement, having invented, and brought into Practice, a portable Movement to measure Time; which, instead of the several cross Motions, hollow Wheels with Teeth, parallel to their Axes, used in former Movements, hath all the Axes parallel and straight; all the Wheels, the Plates, and the Balance, parallel and flat; all the Teeth straight in the Lines of the Diameters of the Wheels; the Axes, or Spindle, of the Balance, moved by two Wheels alternately, and traversing equal Distance in equal Timle, without Pause, in such lort, that none of its moving Parts can move nearer to, or farther from, each other; whereby, in the Opinion of the greatest Mathematicians, and the best Judges of such Movements, it is capable of moving more equal!v, and less liable be

Vol. 17-

disturbed by external Motion ;To that it may be, of great Use to the Publick for finding the Longitude, and in several other respects: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill, or Clause, to secure these inventions, and the Improvements therein, to the Petitioner, by such Powers, and for such Term of Time, as to Justice and Wisdom shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill# according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Wyndham, Mr. Auditor Harley, Mr and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Royal African Company of Eng- African land do lay before this House a List of the Members of Company, the said Company; and of the Names of their Creditors; with an Account of the Sums owing to them.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty, Curriers of the Art or Mystery of the Curriers of the City of Potion. London, in behalf of themselves, and others of the said Trade, was offered to the House:

And the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

The House proceeded to take into Consideratiop Election* — the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, inti- fraudulently tuled, An Act for the more effectual preventing fraudu- y"|"plyln* lent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament: ,

And the same was twice read; and is as follows;

At the End of the Bill, add the Proviso marked A;

" Provided always, and be it Enacted, by the Authority " aforesaid, That if any Person, being a Quaker, during the Continuance of an Act, passed in the Seventh "Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act,

"That the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the " People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of " an Oath in the usual Form, shall, upon such Election " as aforesaid, if required by the Candidates, or any of " them, declare the Effect of t lie said Oath, upon Jiis " solemn Affirmation, in such Manner and form asis " directed by the said Act of Parliament, made in the " Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King " William the Third, intituled, An Act, That the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People " called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath '

" in the usual Form; every such Quaker shall be capable find admitted to give his Vote for the Election of " any such Member, as aforesaid, to serve in the House " of Commons within that Part of Great Britain called

" England; and every Sheriff, by himself, or such his " proper Officer, as aforesaid, is hereby authorised and " required to accept such Affirmation, instead of the "said Oath; and shall also make or enter, ‘Affirmation’ against the Name of every such Quaker: And in case any such Quaker shall be convicted wilfully,

" falsely, and corruptly, to have affirmed or declared

" any Matter or Thing, which, if the same had been in the usual Form, would have amounted to wilful and " corrupt Perjury; every such Quaker, so offending, shall " incur the same Penalties and Forfeitures as are herein before enacted against Persons convicted of wilful "and corrupt perjury."

The said Amendment was read the Third time:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being . put. That the House do agree with the Lords in tho laid Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f Do' ?,6

1 eiiers for the 1 eas,£ Mr Cholm . JIIb'

Tellers for the Noes \ Sir Robert )

1 eiiers for the i\oes,| Mr Aldw j 72‘

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmondeley do carry the Bill to the Lotds, and acquaint, them. That this Houfd hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Ordered,

Leave of Absence.

Griffin'.

EiUte.

I^m of

Absence.

South Sea Company,

Grants by the Crown,

Insolvent

Debtor.

224

Ordered, That Sir John Trevillian have Leave to go into the Country for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander Mackenzie have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling James Griffin, Esquire, and Edward Grif-

Jin, Son and Heir apparent of the said James Griffin, to raise Money to pay the Debts of the said James-, and to make a Settlement for the Benefit of thern-selves, and their Family; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir James Hamilton have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Sir James Bateman presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Trade to the South Seas, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies; and for satisfying the Publick Debts; and for erecting a Corporation to carry on a Trade to the Seas-, and for Encouragement of the Fishery; and for Liberty to trade in unwrought Iron with the Subjects of Spain; and to repeal the Acts for registering Seamen, although the Capital Stock of the said Corporation should be redeemed: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Be/olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to appoint Commissioners to examine the Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and upon what Considerations such Grants were made; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That the Commissioners shall not be incapable of fitting in Parliament.

And the same was read Three times; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill;

Then the following Amendments were severally pro-pored to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 1. To leave out " many," and insert

ufome

L. 11. After " loyal," insert Subjects the L. 13. After Majesty," insert ‘‘That your Majesty would be graciously pleased :"

And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Then the First Blank, left in the Bill, for the Commissioners Names, was filled up with John Hind Cotton, Esquire, the honourable James Murray, Esquire, the Right honourable Henry Lord Viscount Down of the Kingdom of Ireland, Charles Cholmondeley Esquire, James Bulteel Esquire, William Levinz Esquire, and Sir Edmund Bacon Baronet.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to appoint Commissioners to examine the Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and upon what Considerations such Grants were made.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

After which the last Blank in the Bill was filled up, by the Clerk, with the Title of the Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fellowes and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, by obliging the ir

15

1712.

Creditors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable of making; and restoring them to their Liberty; with some Amendments: To which they desire, the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent Abuses in making Linen Cloth; and regulating the Lengths, Breadths, and equal Sorting of Yarn, for each Piece made in Scotland: and for whitening the fame; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy passing Sheriffs Accounts.

Ordered, That Mr. Annejleydo carry the said Mef-

sage to the Lords.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Representation of the Lords Commissiont rs of Trade and Plantations to her Majesty, touching the Distribution of the Money allowed, by a late Act of Parliament, to such Proprietors as should resettle at Nevis and Si. Christopher's.

And the said Representation was read; and is as fol-Ioweth; viz.

To the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty.

May it please your Majesty,

By a Clause, in an Act, passed last Session of Parliament, for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, fife, the Sum of One hundred and three thousand and Three Pounds Eleven Shillings and Four Pence is to be distributed to and amongst such Proprietors and Inhabitants only of the Islands of Nevis and St. Christopher's, who have resettled, or shall resettle, their Plantations in the same islands respectively: And that your Majesty *s Commissioners for Trade and Plantations are to cause a proportionable Part of the said Sum for every one of the said Proprietors and Inhabitants, who suffered by a late Invasion of the French, and who have resettled, or shall resettle, their Plantations in the said Islands, according as the Loss sustained by every such Proprietor and Inhabitant shall appear, by the Return of a Commission for that Purpose formerly issued, to be carefully computed and adjulled: And that her Majesty’s said Commissioners for Trade and Plantations do, on or before the 25th December 1711, make forth Debentures for the said proportionable Sums, as will more fully appear by the annexed Copy of the aforesaid Clause:

Upon Consideration of which Clause, and the Execution thereof, several Difficulties did arise:

First, It is not determined by the Clause what shall be deemed a Re-settlement; or when such as have not already resettled shall be obliged to do the fame; or in \vhat manner such Obligation shall be entered into: Secondly, For that the Clause hath restrained the Bounty intended, to such Inhabitants and Proprietors only who should resettle their Plantations; and cou-sequently excludes all that had not Plantations to re-, settle; whereas, in the Returns of the Losses sustained, there appears to be considerable Numbers of Persons who had no Plantations; such as Merchants, Shopkeepers, and other Dealers and Inhabitants:

Whereupon, we advised with your Majesty's Attorney and Solicitor General, who agree with us, That it is proper to lay these Matters before the House of Commons, that the said Sufferers may apply for an Explanation of the said Clause; and for enlarging the Time of their making Proof accordingly:

And the House of Commons having, on the 7th last, humbly addressed your Majesty, That an Account be laid before their House, the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament, of the Distribution intended to be made of the Debentures directed to be delivered by the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, for Relief of the Sufferers in the Islands of Nevis and St. Christopher's,

and

140 Mali.

Scotch

Linen.

Puffing

Sheriffs

Accounts.

Sufferers in Nevis and St. Christopher's.

ii Ann. 14° — 11

and of Re-settlements made there by the said Sufferers; we therefore humbly lay the State of this Matter before your Majesty:

Which is most humbly submitted.

Whitehall, Phil.

December the 3d, 1711.

Geo. Baillie,

Francis

Cha, Turney.

Copy of Two Clauses of an Act of Parliament, passed in the N inth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, fife*.

" And whereas the Proprietors and Inhabitants of " the Islands of Nevis and St. in

" did sustain very great Losses by a late Invasion of the " French, who committed great Depredations there;

" and it became necessary to give some Encouragement " to the Sufferers by the said Invasion, to resettle their " said Plantations in the said Islands, to prevent the "great Damage which the Crown might otherwise " sustain by the total Loss thereof: For the making " good of the said Encouragement, it is hereby Enacted,

" by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of One " hundred and Three Thousand and Three Pounds " Eleven Shillings and Four Pence shall be distributed " to and amongst such Proprietors and Inhabitants only " of the said Islands of Nevis and Saint " who have resettled, or shall resettle, their Plantations " in the same Islands respectively; and that her Majesty’s " Commissioners for the Affairs of Trade and Plantations, or the major Part of them, now, or for the Time being, shall cause a proportional Part of the " said Sum for every one of the said Proprietors and " Inhabitants who suffered by the said Invasion, and " who have resettled, or shall resettle, their Plantations " in the said Island, or either of them, according to " the Loss sustained by every such Proprietor and " Inhabitant doth or shall appear to the same Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, or the major Part " of them, by the Return of a Commission for that Purpose formerly issued, to be carefully computed and " adjusted; so that such Sufferers- respectively in pro- portion to their respective Losses, be entitled to their " respective Shares of the said Sum of One hundred and M Three Thousand and Three Pounds Eleven Shillings " and Four Pence: And that the said Commissioners " for the Affairs of Trade and Plantations, or the major " Part of them, do, on or before the Five-and-twentieth " Day of December 1711, make forth the Debentures *' for the said proportional Sums, not to exceed, in the Whole, the said Sum of One hundred and Three " Thousand and Three Pounds Eleven Shillings and " Four Pence, to be paid to the said Proprietors and " Inhabitants, or to their certain Attornies, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, respectively: Which Debentures shall be signed by the said Commissioners " of Trade and Plantations, or the major Part of them; " and shall bear Interest for the principal Sums therein " to be contained, after the Rate of Six Pounds per " Centum per Annum, from making forth the fame; and " shall be entered in the Register kept for the Debentures, which were lately charged on the forfeited " Estates in Ireland-, and such Principal and Interest " shall be satisfied in like manner as the unsatisfied " Debentures, which were lately charged on the said " forfeited Estates in Ireland, are to be satisfied and " discharged; and shall and may be delivered to such " as the Persons to be entitled thereunto, respectively, " have authorized, or shall authorize, to receive the " fame, in order to obtain such Satisfaction thereupon." " And it is hereby Enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Trade and Plantations, or the " major Part of them, shall and may inquire, upon Vot. 17.

;° Mail. 225

" Oath, which they, or anyone or more of them, have Sufferers in " hereby Power to administer, or by any other law ful Nevis and " Ways and Means, of and concerning the Persons who St. chrifloare, or shall be, resettled in the said Islands, or either p Kr*'

" of them, and thereby be entitled to a proportional Part " of the said Sum, to be distributed to or amongst; such " Persons, according to the true Meaning of this Act."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain the Clauses in an Act, puffed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs; and for charging certain new Duties on stamped Vdlom, Parchment, and Paper; and on Cards and Dice; and on the Exportation of Rock Salt for Ireland; and for securing the reby, and by a weekly Payment out of the Poll Office, and by several Duties on Hides and Skins, a yearly Fund of One Hundred Eighty-six Thous.md Six Hundred and Seventy Pounds, for Thirty-turn Years, to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Orders as are therein mentioned, to the Contributors of any Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, to be raised for carryingon the War, and other her Majesty’s Occasions, for Relief of the Sufferers by the French Invasion on the Islands of Nevis and St. Chri/loph And that Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Monckton, Sir Charles Hedges, and Mr. Gwyn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this Housevvill, upon Friday Morn- Way* ing next, resolve itself into a Costimittee of the whole ttnd A1*an*-House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That General Ecclin, Colonel Moreton, Matthew’* Major Churchill, Mr. Burridge, Lord Comer, Estate.

Sir Wm.St. Quintin, Mr. Manley, Mr. Mr.

Pultncy, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Chapman, Mr. , Mr.

Peyton, Mr. Farrer, Mr. RowneyMr. Carter, he

added to the Committee, to w hom the Bill for the

Relief of George Matthew, Esquire, against a Clause in

an Act of Parliament, passed in Ireland, whereby

several Fines and Recoveries, and a Settlement of his

late Wife’s Estate, is set aside, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 150 die Mail;

> Anno 11* Annae Regina;, 1712.

Phayf.rs.

THE House being informed, That the Treasurer of African the Royal African Company of England attended; Company. He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, according to Order, a List of the Members of the Royal African Company of And also,

A Lift of the Names of the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England-, with an Account of the Sums owing to them.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Griffin* Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Ellute-An Act for enabling James Griffin, Esquire, and Edward Griffin, Son and Heir apparent of the said James Griffn, to raise Money to pay the Debts of the said James; and to make a Settlement for the Benefit of themselves, and their Family:

And the Amendments were read; and are as follow-; viz.

l Pr. 44. I,. After " of," insert "or lying or being " within:"

3M 3 Pr.

ii 6

i$°< — f6° Matt. 1712.

3 Pr. 37 L. Leave out, " in Term," and in-

fert " on Monday next after the Feafl of the Pfirification of the blessed Virgin Mary, which Was in the Year of " our Lord

38 L. After ‘‘outlawed," insert "in

4 Pr. 9 L Leave out " and:"

13 L Leave out " they or:"

14 L. Leave out " their Bodies," and insert " the Body of the said James Griffin

5 Pr. 23 L. Leave out " Children,* and insert Son

25 L. Leave out " Children," and insert Son

6 Pr. 8 L. After " Father," insert " and all other " Estate for his Life, for preserving contingent Remainders:"

31 L. After the Second *« and, " insert " the " said Lands and Tenements, of the said yearly Value " of Two hundred Pounds, and upwards:"

7 Pr. 12 and 13 L. Leave out " more or greater Part

14 L. Leave out " then what mail be," and insert exceeding:"

15 Ls Leave out the Second " of:"

16 and 17 L. Leave out " or Women

8 Pr. 39. L. Leave out " Law directs," and insert " said James Griffin the Father, his Executors or Administrators, by any Writing or Writings, under his or " their Hand or Hands, attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, shall direct:"

9 Pr. 19. L. After " Allicock insert had or;" and leave out " done," and insert " had:"

10 Pr. 6 L. After "Successors," insert " and the said " James Griffin the Father."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed uuto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir JuJlinian IJhain do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

to Christmas 1710, which appeared to remain unaccounted for the last Session of Parliament, has been since accounted for before the Auditors of the Imprefts; and by whom, and when; and what Obstructions have arisen in accounting for the same; be taken into Confederation upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Bill for making effectual such African Agreement as shall be made between the Royal African Company* Company of England, and their Creditors, be read a Cre ltor3' Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill to encourage the Importing Importing of Naval Stores from North Britain be read a Second Naval time upon Tuesday Morning next. Scotland.011*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 16° dieMaii;

Anno n° Annie Reginac, 1712.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Guideford* for Sale of the Manor of Hempjlcad, and other Estate. Lands therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, the Estate of Sir Robert Guldeford Baronet, for Payment of his Debts; and for settling the Chamber Farm, and other Lands in the said County of Sussex, to the same Uses as the said Manor of Hempjled . now stands settled; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Campion do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for laying several Duties upon Soap Duties on and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the So»p, *c. fame} and upon chequered and stained Li nens imported;

and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; to raise Money, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and for laying several Duties upon such stamped Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned, mid for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice, in the Hands of the Dealers therein; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 27. L. 10. After " Paper," to insert " and the " said Pasteboards, Milboards, and Scaleboards:"

Pr. 28. L. 35. After " Court," to insert " of Session, " Court of Juuiciary, or Court

And the same were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Ordered, That the farther Confederation of the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Call of the Ordered, That the Call of the House be farther

House. adjourned till this Day Sevennight*

Col. Alex- Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom-nder and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Kefief*nt"* House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Colonel Francis e Alexander and his Regiment, in the Reward in America,

Public Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Money ac- whom it was referred to examine the Account shewing counted for. |low much of Hie Sum of Thirty-five Millions Three Hundred and Two Thousand One hundred and Seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence of the Money granted by Parliament, and iffued for the Public Service

*4

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bromfaii’* to enable Owen Thomas Bromfall Gentleman, to fell Estate. divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Bedford, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Chapman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Western’s to enable William Western Esquire, an Infant, to make Estate. a Settlement of his Estate upon his Marriage, notwithstanding his Infancy, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Havers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Concurrence.

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of Supply Bill, the Bill for laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper i^0"UeS£ " made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and oap’ c‘ upon chequered and stained Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; to raise Money, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and for laying several Duties upon such stamped Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice, in the Hands of the Dealers therein.

And the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 32. L. 21. After " Paper," to insert " and the " said Pasteboards, Milboards, and Scaleboards:"

P. 37. L 17. After Paper," to insert " Pasteboard,

" Milboard, and Scaleboard

Pr. 44.

11 Ann.

i 6° M

227

Pr. 44. Pr. 45.

L. 12. To leave out " othersaid Receipt of Exchequer have been advised, that they L. 7. After " Paper," to insert " and upon:" cannot safely receive the remaining^.2 5, the Time be-L. 8. After "Paper," to insert " and upon ingelapsed for Payment of the fame; nor can they make

" Pasteboard, Milboard, and Scaleboard

L. 15. After " Court," to insert " of Session, *' Court of Justiciary, or Court:"

Pr. 47. L. 29. To leave out " the said," and to insert "this:"

Pr. 60. L. 14. To leave out " 29th of September," and to insert " 20th of July

Pr. 62. L. 12. After " of," to insert " Session, Court of Justiciary, or Court of:"

Pr. 82. L. 24. To leave out " said

L. 25. After " Paper," to insert " or upon Cards, Dice, Pamphlets, or Advertisements:"

Pr. 84. L. 23. To leave out "24th," and insert

Leave of Absence.

out any Order to entitle the Petitioner to the said Annuity of j£.i8, without they are impowered so to do by the Authority of Parliament: And praying Relief in the Premisses.

Oi'dered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Bill for continuing the Trade to the South Seas, South Sea granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, in- Company.

" First;" and to leave out " June," and insert " August:" tituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies; and for

Pr. 135. L. 38. To leave out "Five," and insert " Twenty

Pr. 138. L. 6. After " Prisoner," to insert " which " Warrant such Keeper is hereby-required to obey:" Pr. 144. L. To leave out " said:

satisfying the Publick Debts; and for erecting a Corporation to carry on a Trade to the South Seas; and for Encouragement of the Fishery; and for Liberty to trade in unwrought Iron with the Subjects of S/min; and to repeal the Acts for registering Seamen; although

* 1 o w

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question the capital Stock of the said Corporation should be re

severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britainor imported into the fame; and upon chequered and striped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Caliicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; and upon several Kinds of damped Vellom, Parchment, and Paper; and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets, and Advertisements; for raising the Sum of Eighteen hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and for li-.censing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice; and for better securing her Majesty’s Duties to.arise in the Office for the Stamp Duties by Licences for Marriages, and otherwise; and for Relief of Persons who have not claimed their Lottery Tickets in due Time; or have loft Exchequer Bills, or Lottery Tickets; and for borrowing Money upon Stock, Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company, for the Use of the Publick.

deemed; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Bracebrige reported from the Committee, to Portugal whom the Report upon the Petition of Thomas Brooke Wmes and John Hellier, and the Return from the Commissioners of the Customs, was re-committed, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report, and Resolution, were read; and are as followeth;

having

examined the Allega-

That the Committee, tions of the said Petition; and heard the Evidence produced by the Petitioners for proving thereof;

Do find, That the Petitioners have imported large

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Quantities of Portugal Wines, and fold the greatest Part

Omission in Purchase of Annuity.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Harris have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Bell have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Mary Ravencll was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, having resolved to purchase, at the Receipt of her

thereof, as Merchants, by Wholesale; but to prevent the late Combination of the Vintners, and the great Abuses in the Wine Trade, were obliged to fell some of their Wines by Retail, in several Parts of the Cities of London and Westminster; and were afterwards compelled, by the Officers of the Customs, to pay, as Retailers, for all the other Wines they have imported, and sold as Merchants, and by Wholesale; and particularly, in the Port of Yarmouth, where they never offered to retail any Wine§ at all: That the Petitioners were thereby set upon a different Foot of Trade from other Merchants, who evaded the Acts of Parliament, by taking

Majesty’s Exchequer, One Annuity, or yearly Sum, of the Oaths, so as to gain a Discount of Eight per Cent.

Lighteen Pounds, for the Term of Thirty-two Years, to commence from the 29th Day of 1710, in pur-

suance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty new Duties of Excise, and upon several imported Commodities; and for establishing a yearly

and afterwards retailed their Wines:

Which Practices were proved to the Committee to be made use of by the generality of the Wine-merchants, by the Testimony and Confession of several Wine-coopers, and their Servants.

That the Committee, being desirous to know what Re-

Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, to rail'e tail Duties had been paid upon Wines for Seven Years Nine hundred thousand Pounds, by Sale of Annuities; pall, and by whom, ordered such an Account to be laid and, in Default thereof, by another Lottery for the Ser- before them; which was done by M r. Charles Mein, the vice of the Year 17x0; did, on the 14 th Day of March Examiner of Wine Duties; whereby it appeared. That, 1709, pay into the aforesaid Receipt of Exchequer the from Lady-day 1705 to Lady-day 1712, there were Sum of^.50, being the First Payment ofj^.200, theprin- but Four Persons, besides Brook and Hellier, that had cipal Money of the said Annuity; and, on the 26th Day paid any Retail Duties; and those Persons paid but for of June 1710, the Sum of £.50 more, being the Second 2iTons, and 103 Gallons, in the said Seven Years; and Payment thereof; and on the First Day of July follow- Brook and Hellier, in Five Months, viz. from tire 2id ing, the Sum of ^.50 more, being the Third Payment of to the 19th of October last, paid Retail Ditties

thereof; but the Petitioner’s Agent, on the Time of the for 169 Tons, and 187 Gallons.

Fourth Payment, by Mistake, paid only £.25, whereas he ought to have paid £.50: That by reason of such Mistake of the Petitioner’s Agent, the Officers of the Vol. 17*

That the Committee, taking the whole Matter into Consideration, came to the following Resolution;

viz.

Resolved,

228 l6° — I*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition; and ought to be relieved touching the Matters thereby complained of.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Sixth Section of the Act, of the First Year of King James II. intituled, An Act for granting his Majesty an Imposition upon all Wines and Vinegar imported between the 24th Day of June 1685, and the 24th Day of June 1693, was read:

And a Debate arising in the House upon the said Report;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Remittances Mr. Bridges presented to the House, an Account for foreign {hewing what Remittances of Money had been made ervice. for the foreign Service since his being constiiuted Pay-master-General of her Majesty’s Forces abroad; and at what Rates, and upon what Terms, and Conditions, the said Remittances have been made:

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr. Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

Wicks’ Debt The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to the Crown, to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, of Great Britain, for the Time being, to compound with the Executors of Michael Wicks Esquire, late Receiver-General of the Plantation Duties in the Port of Jjondon, as the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury of England, were, by a former Act of Parliament, enabled to do with the said Michael Wicks himself, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ways and The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Means. Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

African The Order being read, for the Second reading the

Creditors' Bffi for making effectual such Agreement as shall be made between the Royal African Company of England and their Creditors;

And the Question being put, That the Bill be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mathew’* Ordered, That Mr. Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Rey-

Kiut*. tie!I, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Mr. Mr.

An ft is , Mr. Greville, Mr. Blackmore, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Ship/yen, Mr. Pitt, junior, Mr. Cage, Colonel King, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Moore, Mr. Mr. Scobell,

f Mali. 1712.

Mr. Trefufis, Mr. Manaton, Mr. Freman, Mr. Roberts, Mr. CaJ'ar, Mr . Carezv, Mr. Currance, Mr. Rajhleigh, Mr. Elford, Mr. Finch, Mr. Goring, Mr. Bilson, Mr. Mondton, Mr. Cotton, Sir Boucher Ray, Sir Ro.

son, Sir Fra. Vincent, Sir Geo. Newland, Mr.

Colonel Porter, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of George Mathew Esquire, again!! a Clause in an Act of Parliament, passed in Ireland, whereby several Fines and Recoveries, and a Settlement of his late Wife’s Ellate, is set aside, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbat/, 170 dieMaii;

Anno ii* Ann® Regin®, 1712.

Praters.

THE House being informed, That Dr. D'Avenant, Duties 0D from the Commissioners of the Culioms, attended; Woollen.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a Return from the said Commissioners; with the gross Account of the Duties upon the Woollen Manufactures, for the last Three Years, before the same was taken away by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Return and Account were read.

Ordered, That the said Return and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingossed Bill for enlarging, amending, and main- Northfieet taining, the Road betwixt Northfiee Gravesend, and Road. Rochester, in the County of Kent, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the Road betwixt Northfieet, Gravesend, and Rochester, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Hart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Carter reported from the Committee, to whom Gomeldon’* the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate* for Sale of the Manors of North Court and Boynton, in the Parish of Swingfeild, in the County of Kent, Part of the Estate of Richard Gomeldon Esquire, for discharging Incumbrances, was committed, That they had considered the Petitions to them referred, and heard the Petitioners Counsel; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table:

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Bromfair* this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Estate-Owen Thomas Bromfall Gentleman, to fell divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Bedford, for the Purposes therein mentioned. And,

The Lords have also agreed to the Amendment, West*’* made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Ertate. enable William WeJlern Esquire, an Infant, to make a Settlement of his Estate, upon his Marriage, notwithstanding his Infancy.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lottery

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to Ticket* us-5 whom p»)d*

v

ii Ann.

17° — t9° Maii.

229

Patrick'*

Lltule.

Leave of Absence,

whom the Bill to impowerlbe Paymaster of the Million Lottery Tickets to pay to Sit William Hodges Baronet the Money due upon Fourteen Tickets in the said Lottery was committed. That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place -, 'and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where they were once read throughout: and then a Second time, one by one, with Ibme Amendments to One of them, agreed unto by the I^ouse:

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of , and other Manors

and Hereditaments, in, the County of Suffolk, and elsewhere, late the Ellate of Simon Patrick Clerk, deceased, for the several Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lcvinz do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Vaughan have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. George Mackenxy have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Quick have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Pelham have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Charitable* Bill for the more ealy Recovery of small Gifts and Legacies given to pious and charitable Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cotton, Mr. Annefey, Mr. Bracebri, Captain Chapman, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Wm. Powlctt, Mr. , Mr. Carter,

Mr. Farrer, Mr. Ward, Mr. Sir

kinson, Mr. Cholmondly, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Vernon, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Dr. Mr.

Mr. Wynn, Mr. Renda, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Wyndham, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Freman, Sir Richard Onjloio, Mr. Conyers, Sit Jacob Banks, Mr. Chelwyn, Mr. Brigjlock: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Liberty to fit in the Morning.

Hnirbinfon’s Sir William Windham prefeoted to the House, accord-Time ing to Order, a Bill for securing to Mr. Hutchinson Movement. the Property of a Movement, invented by him, for the more exatt Measuring of Time, both in Motion, apd at Rest: And the same was received.

E?il India Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to

Imports. Order, a Bill for better ascertaining and securing the

Payments to be made to her Majesty, for Goods and Merchandizes to be imported from the East Indies, and other Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the East India Company: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the BiH be read a Second time.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion bf this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, farther Duties be laid upon all Callicoes and Muffins, and all Dimities, and other white Manufactures of Cotton, and upon alt Coffee, Tea, and Drugs, Dyeing Drugs excepted, which shall be imported into Great Britain, over and above all Duties already chargeable on the said Commodities, or any of them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said farther Duties upon Collicoes, Muffins, Dimities, and other white Manufactures of Cotton imported, be after the Rate of Ten per Cent, ad,

to be ascertained by the Sale at the Candle.

Refbkoed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said farther Duty upon Coffee imported be after the Rate of Twelve Pence per Pound Weight avoirdupois.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said farther Duty upon Tea imported be after the Rate of Two Shillings for every such Pound Weight imported from any Places within the Limits of the Charter' granted to the East India Company; and Five Shillings for every such Pound Weight of Tea imported from any other Places.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said farther Duties upon Drugs imported, except as aforesaid, be after the Rate of Twenty per Cent. as they are valued in the Books of Rates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said farther Duties be granted to her Majesty for the Term of Thirty-two Years.

The First Resolution being read the First time;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned until Tuesday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, }

Tellers for the Noes,: }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

121.

147.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report from the Commissioners of Accounts, of the 17th of March j«ft, be farther adjourned until this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report from Marine Pay the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Richard Arrears. Cobham, Lieutenant Colonel Walter Palliser, Lieutenant Colonel Lewis de Sidiere, Major Henry Braidjhaigh, Major Robert Kemp, Officers in the Marine Service, and Richard Belafyje Esquire, Margaret his Wife, Administra-

trix of Captain Henry Marshall, late also an Officer in the

Marine Ser vice, now deceased, on behalf of themselves, and great Numbers of other Officers in the Six Regiments of Marines, and the Widows, Orphans, and other Representatives, of several such Officers, was referred, be farther adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Dixon’s ing next, resolve itself into a Committee ol< the whole Debt to th* House, to consider of the Petition of Dr. George Dixon. Crown*

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ways and

Vieuiis.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the:

Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of Waysand Meansforrailing the Supply granted, to her Majesty, the Ilefo!uti, ons they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place: and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Vol. 17.

A

Lunee, 190 die Mail;

Anno ii# Ann® Regin®, 1712.

Praters.

BI LL for securing to Mr. John the Hutchinson’s

Property of a Movement, invented by him, for j^eemenC

the more exact Measuring of Time, both in Motion, and at Rest, was read the First time.

3 N Resolved,

Vanbomrigh'i

fcilat*.

tlenless

£Aat«.

Itifolvent

Debtors.

330 19 Mai 1712*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Ellate late of Bartholomew Vanhoitirigh Esquire, deceased, lying in the Kingdom of , in Trustees, to be sold, was read the Third time:

And another Amendment was proposed to be made the Bill; Pr. 6. L. 31. After "of," to insert "and " also the Rents and Profits* and Produce, thereof, un-htil such Sale:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Dr. Pa/ke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to cut and fell Timber on the Estate late of Anthony Henley Esquire, deceased: and for applying the Money thereby arising towards Payment of his younger Childrens Portions provided by his Marriage Settlement; and also for transferring certain Estates, by the same Settlement now veiled in Richard Norton Esquire, to other Trustees, on the same Trulls; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the insolvent Debtors, byobliging their Creditors to accept the utmoftSatisfaction theyare capable of making; and relloring them to their Liberty:

And the fame, being twice read, were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

1 Pr. 18 L. Leave out " now are, and, " and insert " upon the 7th Day of December 1711 ;" and, after " were," insert " and from thence to the time of their " being discharged, in manner as is herein after directed, " shall continue;" and, after " Prisoners," leave out to " upon," in the 21st Line:

ax L. After " Procefe" leave out to "Execution," in the 25th Line

2.5 L. leave out from " Execution" to " Escape," hi the 26 Line.

27 L. Leave out from " Warrant," to " Attachments," in the 28th Line:

28 L. Leave out from " Attachments" to " Outlawries," in the ^th Line:

30 L. Leave out " upon:"

39 L. After " Kingdom," insert " upon the " Petition of such Prisoner or Prisoners:"

Last L. After " his," insert " or their:"

2 Pr. 2 L. Leave out "Justice or;" and, in the same Line, leave out " next

3 L. After "Sessions," insert "to beheld next " after the Expiration of Forty Days from the Date of " the said Warrant j" and, in the same Line, leave out " the," and insert " such:"

4 and 5 L. Leave out " for Debt, or upon any v Action or Process; and shall deliver," and insert "as " aforesaid, together with the

6 L. Leave out " for:"

7 L. Leave out " within,"and insert "with in:"

9 and 1 o L. Leave out " and petitioning such

" Justice or Justices to be discharged

13 L. Leave out "Justice or:"

14 L. After "Court," insert "subscribe, and deliver iu, a Schedule of his whole Estate, and of the " Names of his several Creditors, and of the several " Sums of Money respectively secured or owing, and:"

a Pr. 24 L. After " owing," insert " or to any Person in Trull for me, arid of all Securities and Contracts, " whereby any Money will or may hereafter become " payable, or any Benefit or Advantage accrue, to me, " or to my Use, or to any other Person or Persons in " Trull forme}" and, after " I," leave out " am," and insert " or any other Person or Persons in Trull for me, " have;" and, after " not," leave out " worth:"

25 L. Leave out " in:"

27 L. Leave out " to," and insert " of:"

31 L. After "Stock," insert "Debts, Securities* Contrafts:"

35 and 36 L. Leave out " other than what is in the said Schedule discovered, expressed, and set forth:" 39 L. Leave out " the same 43 L. Before " Justices," insert "Justice Of:"

3 Pr. 2 L. Leave out " next," and insert " General " or:"

3 L. After " to," insert " all," and leave out " Creditor or:"

7 L. After " hath," insert "or have:"

9 L. Leave out " Summons or:"

10 L. Leave out " such," and insert " the:*

12 L. After "authorized," insert "or left:"

17 L. Leave out " Twenty," and insert "Thirty:"

18 L. After " Quarter," leave out " Sessions;"" and, in the same Line, leave out " thereby:"

19 L. After " appointed," insert " by the said " Warrant;" and after " said," leave out " Creditor:"

20 L. Leave out the First " or:"

24 L. After " Liberty," insert " as aforesaid leave out "when," and insert " in case;" and leave out " appear," and insert "be proved:"

26 L. Leave out "Summons," and insert " Notice;" and leave out t:and," and insert " or;" and, after " left," leave out " or," and insert " as aforesaid, " and:"

27 L. Leave out "Twenty," and insert "Thirty:"

28 L. After " Sessions," insert " and that the " said Person, so petitioning, was actually a Prisoner " as aforesaid, upon the said Seventh Day of

" and shall have so continued to the time of such Sessions " of the Peace;" and leave out " that:"

34 L. After " Part," insert " of them:"

37 L. Leave out " the," and insert " such:"

Last L. Leave out from " thereof" to " and, " in the 18th Line of the next Press:

4 Pr. 21 L. After " Judgment " insert " obtaining, " or any:"

22 L. After " Damages," leave out " orand, after " Colls," leave out " or for any

24 L. Leave out " Twentieth Day of ,"

and insert " Seventh Day of December

25 L. Leave out " for," and insert " upon; and, after "Judgments," insert "orfor such:"

26 L. Leave out the First " or:"

28 L. Leave out " said:" and, after " Court," leave out to " upon," in the Thirtieth Line, and insert " whence the Process shall issue:"

31 L. Leave out " Prisoner or," and, after " Discharges," insert " and :"

32 L. Leave out " or Judges, as aforesaid;" and, after " is," leave out " and are:"

36 and 37 L. Leave out " and file common Bail," and insert " to appear:"

37 L. Leave out " do," and insert " to:"

41 L. After "shall,’*insert "withoutjuft Cause:"

5 Pr. 1 L. Leave out from " shall " to forfeit," in the Third Line:

4 L. After " recovered," insert " with treble " Colls of Suit:"

28 L. After " Person," insert " by virtue of this " Act:"

29 and 30 L. Leave out "jointly and severally " bound for the said," and insert " from any:"

30 L. After " Debt," insert " Sum or Sums of " Money:"

30 and 31 L. Leave out "asPrincipal or Surety:"

31 L. Leave out " they," and insert "all others:"

32 L.

Leavt of ALltace.

ii Ann.

19° — 20° Mali.

231

32 L. Leave out " said Debt and Damages," and insert " fame

38 L. After Majesty," insert " for, or in respect of, such Debt

40 L. Leave out " by virtue," and insert " shall " have any Benefit

40 and 41 L. Leave out " shall be discharged " out of Prison;" and, in the 41st Line, after " Hand," leave out " charged and

43 L. Leave out "Damages," and insert Interest

At the End of the Bill, add Clauses A and B:

Clause A: "Provided always, and be it further " Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, notwithstanding the Discharge of the Person of such Prisoner " as aforesaid, all and every Judgment and Judgments, " had and taken against him or her, shall stand and be " good and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, against the Lands and Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods and Chattels, only, of the said Prisoner, " so discharged as aforesaid; and that it shall and may " be lawful to and for such Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner or Prisoners so discharged as aforesaid, " his or their Executors or Administrators, to take out " any new Execution against the Lands, Tenements, " Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, of such Prisoner " or Prisoners; his or her wearing Apparel, Bedding for his or her Family, and Tools necessary for his or

her Trade or Occupation, only, excepted; for the c- Satisfaction of his, her, or their, said Debt; in " such Sort, Manner, and Form, as he, she, or they, " might have done if the Person or Persons of such " Prisoner or Prisoners had never been taken in Execution; any Act, Statute, Law, or Custom, to the " contrary in anywise notwithstanding

Clause B: " Provided always, That it shall and may " be lawful to and for any Person discharged by this Act, in case any Scire facias, or Action of Debt, " shall be brought against him or her, upon any Judg- meat obtained against, or Statute or Recognizance " acknowledged by, him or her, before the said Seventh " Day of December, to plead generally, in Discharge of his or her Person from Execution, That he or (be " was actually Prisoner, in such a Prison, at such a Person’s Suit, on the said Seventh Day of December, " and duly discharged according to this Act, at the G.eneral or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at such c a Time and Place, for such a County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Town, or Place, as his or her case " is, without pleading any other Matter specially; and, " in caie any action or Suit shall be commenced against him or her, for any other Debt or Sum of Money due " before the said Seventh Day of December, to plead, in " Discharge of his or her Person from Execution, That " such Debt, or Sum of Money, as the same shall require, was contrafted or due before the said Seventh " Day of December; and, farther, generally, That he " or she was actually a Prisoner, and duly discharged " in the manner above directed; without pleading any " other Matter specially; where to the Plaintiff shall or * may reply. That such Defendant was not actually a " Prisoner upon the said Seventh Day of December-, or any other Matter or Thing which may shew the said " Defendant not to be entitled to the Benefit of this M Act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the " same manner as the Plaintitf might have replied, in " case the Defendant had pleaded this Act, and his Discharge by virtue thereof, specially."

Ordered, That Sir William Dole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hatli agreed to the said Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. llol'.e have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Franks have Leave to go into the Country lor a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Powell have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Vou 17.

Ordered, That Mr. Vincent have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Sir Robert Davers presented to the House, accord- Sufferers in ing to Order, a Bill for explaining several Clauses in Nevis and St. an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for the Re- ctmll0Plier*-lief of the Sufferers of the Islands of Nevis and St.

Christopher's, by reason of the Invasion of the French there, in the Year 1705: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself info a Ways Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of "'d Means. Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr'. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Curfun, Mr. Gery, Sir John Legacies fur

daunt, Mr. Serjeant Richardsonr, Mr. Prise, Mr. Serjeant chuntabl* Hooper, Mr. Serjeant Corny ns, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Brig-.

stock, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Sheppard, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Gifts and Legacies given to pious and charitable Uses, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovr Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 20° dieMaii; Anno ii° Annas Reginae, 1712.

Praters.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Oomeldon’s for Sale of the Manors of North Court and Estate.

ton, in the Parish of Sivingfeild, in the County of Kent,

Part of the Estate of Richard Gomeldon Esquire, for discharging Incumbrances, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Carter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Thomdon for uniting the Parish Churches of Thomdon and 1>an,h-grave, in the County of Essex, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Millington, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Ferrier, Mr.

Monckton, Mr. Cross, l)r. Pajke, Mr. Prise, Mr. Mcd-lycot, Mr. Carnegie, Mr. Ward, Mr. Freman, Sir Whilelocke, Mr. Serjeant Girdler, Mr. Sir Eduard Turner, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Cox,

Mr. Bulled, Sir Nicholas Morice, Captain Bui-gh, Mr. Wrightson, Sir Jacob AJiley, Mr. Page, Mr. Bene, Mr.

Serjeant Cummins, Mr. Middleton, Sir Richard Hoar,

Sir Wm.Pole, Mr. Berners, Mr. Bilson, Mr. Bailie, Mr.

Winfanley, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Bcrney, Mr.;

and all that serve for the Counties of Hertford,

and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Moore’s for Sale of the Estate of Francis Moore Esquire, in the Llitate. County of Wilts, for discharging an Incumbrance thereon; and for providing a Portion for his only Daughter; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Rffdvef

32 20° — ai° Mz/7. 1712.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Win.

Whitelocke, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Mr. Carter,

Mr. Annejley, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Murray, Sir Nicholas Mo-rice, Mr. Wrighlfon, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Mr. Topham, Mr. SmithMr. Mr. Bracebridge,

Mr. Pledwell, Mr. Medlyco, Mr. Grey, Mr. gue. Sir Jo. Packington, Mr. Pocklington, Sir Richard Farrington, Captain Burgh, Mr. Goddard, Mr.

Mr. Eversfeild, Dr. Pajke, Mr. Bertie, Sir Cha. Hedges,

Mr. Peyton, Lord Lyon, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Goulfton, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Millington, Mr. Manaton, Mr. Pitt, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Sir Jo.

Clarke, Mr. Bilson, Mr. Smith, Mr. Secretary St. John,

M r.Moor, Mr. Trevanion, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Palmer, Mr.

Robinson, Mr. Buckingham, Mr. Webb, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Wuiflanley", and all that serve for the Counties of and Southampton: And, they are to meet this Afternoon at five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Douglas* A Bill for the Relief of Sir William Douglas, Lieu-Relief. tenant General of her Majesty’s Forces, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Privilege. A Petition of John Huggins Esquire, High Bailiff of the City and Liberty of was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, That a Warrant issued from the Sheriff of Middlesex, dated the 12th Day of February 1710, directed to the Petitioner, to cause one Jacob Cliffe Gentleman, to be arrested, at the Suit of one Henry Strudwick, for £. 400 Debt on Bond: The Petitioner issued out his Warrant to one of his Under Bailiffs; who arrested the said Jacob Cliffe in Westminster-hall; being then in Company with John Dibble Esquire, a Member of this honourable House; who-then declared, That the said Jacob Cliffe was his menial Servant: The laid Under Bailiff, in due Observance of the ancient Privileges and Custom of Parliament, set at Liberty the said Jacob Cliffe; and Mr. Hezekiah son, an Attorney for the Plaintiff, calling for a Return of the said Sheriff’s Warrant, the Petitioner made a special Return of the Fast, as above mentioned; and infilled on the said ancient Privileges and Custom of Parliament; who have not thought fit to call in Question the Truth of the said Return; and yet foe the Petitioner, on Pretence of an Escape: And praying to be relieved, in the Premises.

And Mr. Dibble not being in the House;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Dibble do attend this House, in his Place, upon Thursday Morning next j and that the Petition be then taken into farther Consideration.

Way* The House resumed the adjourned Debate of and Means, day last, upon the First of the Resolutions reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Resolutions be re-committed to the Committee of the whole House, who are to con-ftder farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Portugal Ordered, That the Debate upon the Report from the

Wines. Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Brooke and John Hellier, and the Return from the Commit {loners of the Customs, was referred, be farther adjourned until Friday Morning next.

African Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at

Trade. Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for establishing aTrade to Africa in a regulated Company.

der and *Xan Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-Regiment’s ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Relief. 21

House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Colonel Francis Alexander, and his Regiment, in the Leeicard in America,

Ordered, That the Bill to encourage the Importing Imponint Naval Stores from North Britain be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next, i" ot

Ordered, That the Bill for making effectual such African Agreement as shall be made between the Royal Afri- ^mpam-s can Company of England, and their Creditors, be read re a Second time upon Friday next, after the Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for establishing a Trade to Africa in a regulated Company.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 2i° die Mali;

Anno n* Annae Reginas, 1712.

Prayers.

OIR William Whitelocke reported from the Committee, Regiusp^. 0 to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, inti- felTors, &. c. tilled, An Act for confirming, and rendering more effectual, certain Letters Patents of King James Ift, for er Ia annexing a Canonry, and several Rectories, to the Regius Professor of Divinity in the University of ford; and to the Regius Professor, and Lady Margaret's Reader of Divinity, in the University of bridge; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report die Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Whitelocke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill to impower the Lottery Paymaster of the Million Lottery Tickets to pay to Sir William Hodges Baronet, the Money due upon Four- p teen Tickets in the said Lottery be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next, in a full House.

An ingrafted Bill for Sale of the Estate of William Peirfon'i Peirfon Esquire, deceased, for Payment of an Incum- ^ate> brance thereupon, and a Debt due from the said William Peirfon to her Majesty, as he was Collector of the Customs at Plymouth, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 32. To leave out Christopher Harris, of " Hayn," and insert " Jonathan of Bickham

Pr. 3. L. 4. To leave out " Chrifopher Harris," and insert " Jonathan Elford

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, that the Bill do pass: and that the Title be. An Act for Sale of the Estate of William Peirfon Esquire, deceased, for Payment of an Incumbrance thereupon, and a Debt due from the said William -Jon to her Majesty, as he was Collector of the Customs at Plymouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Wrightson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fellozoes and Mr. Meller:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made Vanhomn-ki by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for veil- EsUtt’ ing the Estate late of Bartholomao Vanhomrigh Esquire, deceased, lying in the Kingdom of in Trustees,

to be sold.

The Lords have also agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable

Trustees

1

Pjrofent's

Estate.

South Sea Company*

Ways and Means,

Committees

i x A^n.

Trustees to cut and fell 'Fimber on the Estate late of Anthony Henley Esquire, deceased; and for applying the Money thereby arising towards Payment of his younger Childrens Portions provided by his Marriage Settlement; and also for transferring certain Estates, by the feme Settlement now veiled in Richard. Norton Esquire, to other Trustees, on the same Trusts.

Artd then the Messengers withdrew*

An ihgrofled Pill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition made between William Pyn-sent Esquire, and Mary his Wife, John Trevillian Esquire and Elizabeth his Wife, and their Trustees, of several Manors and Lands in the County of was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to' Sir Jacob Rankes, Mr. Foley, Sir Gilbert DSir iocke, Mr. Duhco'rtib, Sir Geo. Mathews, Mr. Mr.

Campion, Captain Dyott, Sir Edward Ernie, Mr. Teaman, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Ferrier, Mr, , Mr.

Praed, Mr. Halford, Sir James Long, Mr. Prije, Mr* Jones, Mr. Murray, Mr. Cla, Sir Tho. Wheat, Mr. Webb, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Burridge, Colonel Mr.

Weld, Wlv. Churchill, Slr.Cotezcorth, Dr. Pa fee, Mr. Ash, Nlv.Heysham, Mr. Phelipps, Mr. Captain

Burgh, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Ersfeild, Mr. Winstanley, Mr. Crejfett, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Carnegie, Mr. Cholmley, Kir. Sheppard, Sir Pair. Johnson, Mr. Harris, Mr. Gape, Mr. Lmother, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Dockminiqub, Mr. Gwyrin, Sir Robert Jenkin-

son, Mr. Brigstock, Mr. TrevanionMr. Goreing, Sir King, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Renda, Sir Geo. Neicland, Mr. Popha Mr. Slock dale, Mr. Mead, Mr. Nezuland, Mr. Pocklinglon, Mr. Page, Mr. Chapman; and all that serve for the Counties of and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Orders of the Day were read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Trade to the South Seas, granted by an Act of the last Sefiiort of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies; and for satisfying the Publick Debts; and for erecting a] Corporation to carry on a'Trade to the ;and1

for Encouragement of the Pifbery; and for Liberty to trade in unwrought Irort with the Subjects of and*

to repeal the Acts for registering Seamen; although the capital Stock of the said‘ Corporation should be redeemed.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted; to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the'Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had considered the Resolutions to them re-committed; and also-the Petition of Mary Revenell to them referred; and had come to 'several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow' Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees, which are to fit this' Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mail.

*33

No i, 17.

Jovts, 22° die Matt 3

Anno n* Anns Regins, 1712.

Praters.

MR. Trevanion reported from the Committee, to MatbeVi whom the Bill for the Relief of George Mathew Esquire, against a Clause in an Abb of Parliament, passed in Ireland, whereby several Fines and Recoveries, and a Settlement of his Wife’s Estate, are set aside, was committed, That they had examined the Fadts of the Bill, and found the same to be true.; and had heard the Counsel for the Petitioner against the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the feme in at the Clerk s Table:

And feme Amendments being proposed to be made to the Recitals in the Bill;

Ordered That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Auden'* for veiling the Inheritance of the Manor of Court-at- Eftat*. week, and divers other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Sir Robert Austen, Baronet, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert Dolben, Dr. Pajke, Mr. Freman, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Berners, Sir Nicholas Mor ice, Mr. Campion, Mr. Manaton,

Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Foley, Sir James Bateman, Mr. Bur-Jlem, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Pitt» Mr. Pendarvis, Mr.

Johnson, Mr. Earl, Mr. Farter, Mr Mr*

Nicholas, Mt. Bulleel, Mr. ManleytMr. Heysham, Mr. Smith, Sir Robert Davers, General Seymour, Mt.ChurchiU,

Sir Bryan Stapleton, Sir Wm. Whilelocke, Sir Wm. Bough-ton, Mr. Brigfiock, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr.

Mr. Annejley, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Wm. Mr.

Gery, Sir Pat. Johnsion: And they. are. to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

' t ' s *

A Bill for securing to Mr. John the Pro-. Hutchinson'*

perty of a Movement, invented by him, for the more Time Move-exatt Measuring of Time, both in Motion, and at Rest, naent. was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm.

Wyndham, Lord Cqjllecomber, Dr. Pajke, Mr. Sharp,

Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir James Bateman, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Cook, Kir. Harlei/, Mr. Smith, Mr. Scobell',

Mr. Vincent, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Marriott, Mr.

Bingham, Sit Fran. Vincent, K1 r. Prise, Mr. Campion,

Mr. Bry. Stapleton, Mr. Earl, Mr. Middleton, Mr.

Lerwlhcr, Colonel King, Earl of Thomond, Sir Wm.

Withers, Sir Wni. Pole, Mr. Bangham, Sir Artfi. Kay,

Captain Chapman, Mr. Bay lie, Mr. Guljion, Mr. Phe-, lipps, Mr. Cross, Colonel Byerley, Mr. Myddleton, Mr#

Windsor, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Annejley, Mr. , Mr.

Cholmondly, Lord Down, Mr. Bridgstock, Dr.

Mr. Trevanion, Sir Cha. Cox, Sir Jacob Bankes, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Pitt, BrigadierJFtW/or, Sir,

locke. Sir Nich. Mor ice, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir Pet. King,

Nlt'.Hern, Mr. Etterick, Mr. Meddlicot: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mailer* Wardens* and Assistants, ot fctfto. the Company of Clock-makers, of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and all other Members of the said Trade, was presented to the House, and read; set-ling forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that there is a Bill now depending in this honourable House, intituled, A Bill for securing to Mr. John Hutchinson, the Property of a Movement, invented by him, for the more exact Measuring of Time, both in Motion, and at Rest: That the Petitioners shall be able to prove. That in case the said' Bill should pais into a Law, it’will be highly prejudicial and destructive to their Trade, a^, well as a very great Discouragement to all farther Improvements of

3 O their

Supply Bill; Duties on Soap, See.

Highgate to

Whetstone

Road.

Passage to Painted Chamber to be cleared.

Message to Lords for Painted Chamber,&c. to be cleared.

Call of the House.

Royal A (Tent to Bills.

434 42* Matt

their Art: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And tlxat the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon, if they think fit.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Browning:

Mr, Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and striped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; and upon several Kinds offtamped Vellom, Parchment, and Paper; and upon certain printed Pa-era, Pamphlets, and Advertisements; for raising the urn of Eighteen hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a Lottery towards her Majesty’s Supply; and for licens-ingan additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice; and for better securing her Majesty’s Duties to arise in the Office for the Stamp Duties by Licences for Marriages, and otherwise; and for Relief of Persons who have not claimed their Lottery Tickets in due Time; or have loft Exchequer Bills, or Lottery Tickets; and for borrowing Money upon Stock, Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company, for the Use of the Publick; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways between Highgate Gatehouse, in the County of and

Barnet Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford, was read the Third time.

Au ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, for extending the Bill so far as St. Gyle's Pound:

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Highways between High-gate Gatehouse, in the County of Middlesex, and Barnet Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Berners do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending the House do clear the Lobby, and Passage leading to the Painted Chamber, from the Persons therein, for the better Passage of this House to the House of Peers, when the House shall be sent for to attend her Majesty there.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords to desire That they will direct the Painted Chamber, the Lobby, and the Passage to the House of Peers, tobe cleared from any Crowd, when this House shall come up thither, by her Majesty’s Command, to attend her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Goulston do carry the said Message.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Call of the House;

Mr. Goulston reported to the House, That he had been at the House of Peers, and delivered the Message for clearing the Passages to that House: And that, before he had any Answer to the said Message, her Majesty came into the House.

A Message from her Majesty, by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

And, accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the' House, went up to attend her Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That he, with the House, had attended her Majesty in the House of Peers: Where her 14

Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to Twenty-one publick and Twenty-one private Bills, as follow; viz.

An Act for laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and striped Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; and upon several Kinds of damped Vellom, Parchment, and Paper; and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets, and Advertisements; for raising the Sum of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds by wayofa Lottery, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice; and for better securing her Majesty’s Duties to arise in the Office for Stamp Duties by Licences for Marriages, and otherwise; and for Relief of Persons who have not claimed their Lottery Tickets in due Time; or have loft Exchequer Bills, or Lottery Tickets; and for borrowing Money upon Stock, Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company, for the Use of the Publick:

An Act for enlarging the Time given to the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties on Coals, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof; and other Purposes therein mentioned; and also for giving the said Commissioners farther Powers, for better effecting the fame; and for appointingMonies for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Mary Woolnoth, in the City of London: An Act for better collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for the farther Benefit thereof; and for the preserving her Majesty’s Harbour Moorings:

An Act to restore the Patrons to their ancient Rights of presenting Ministers to the Churches vacant iu that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

An Act for repealing Part of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act for discharging the YuleVacance:

An Act for repealing a Clause in the Statute, made in the 21st Year of the Reign of King James III, intituled, An Act for the farther Description of a Bankrupt; and Relief of Creditors against such as shall become Bankrupts; and for inflicting corporal Punishment upon the Bankrupts in feme special Cafes; which makes descriptions of Bankrupts; and for the Explanation of the Laws relating to Bankruptcy in case of Partnership:

An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1712, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act, passed this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mullers; and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters; and for taking Accounts of Trophy-money formerly raised and collected:

An Act for the more effectual preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament:

An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad Cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor em- 1 ployed therein:

An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the City and County of the City of Norwich, for the better Employment and Maintaining the Poor there:

An Act for prolonging the Term for Payment of certain Duties granted by-an Act, made in the iath and 13th Years of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom:

An Act for repairing the Highway between a certain Place called Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Mid-

dlesex, and Sparrows Hern, in the County of An Act for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester, navigable from the City of Bath to or near Hanham's Mills:

4n

ii Ann. $2° Maiu 235

An Act to give farther Time for in rolling such Leases, granted from the Crown, as have not been inrolled within the respective Times therein limited; and for making the Pleading of Deeds of Bargain and Sale inrolled, and of Fee-farm Kents, more easy:

An Act for completing a Chapel of Ease in the I«ower Town of Deal, in the County of Kent, by a Duty on water-borne Coals to be brought into the said Town: An Act for reviving and continuing several Acts therein mentioned, for the preventing Mischiefs which may happen by Fire; for building and repairing County Gaols; for exempting Apothecaries from serving Parish and Ward Offices, and serving upon Juries; and relating to the Returning of Jurors:

An Act for the Relief of Merchants importing Prize Goods from America:

An Act for the better supplying the Town of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, with fresh Water:

An Act for the better repairing and amending the Road leading from Ipswich to and the Road

called the Pye Road, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act to prevent Abuses in making Linen Cloth; and regulating the Lengths, Breadths, and equal Sorting of Yarn, for each Piece made in Scotland and for whitening the fame:

An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, by obliging their Creditors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable to make; and restoring them to their Liberty:

An Act for confirming, and rendering more effectual, certain Letters Patents of King-fo/ww lit, for annexing a Canonry> and several Rectories, to the Regius Pro-feffor of Divinity in the University of Oxford; and to the Regius Professor, and Lady Margaret's Reader, of Divinity, in the University of Cambridge:

An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, of Great Britain, for the Time being, to compound with the Executor of Michael Wicks Esquire, late Receiver General of the Plantation Duties in the Port of London, as the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, of England, were by a former Act of Parliament enabled to do with the said Michael Wicks himself:

An Act to enable the honourable Algcmcon Greville Esquire to make a Settlement of his Estates in the several Counties of York and Warwick, pursuant to Agreements made by him on his Marriage with the honourable Somerset, his now Wife:

An Act for Sale of the Manor of Hempjled, and other Lands therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of and Suffer, the Estate of Sir Robert Baronet,

for the Payment of Debts; and for settling the Camber Farm, and other Lands in the said County of to

the same Uses as the said Manor of IlempJled now Hands settled:

An Act to explain an Act, made in the 7th Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with the Sureties of Samuel Pacey, deceased, late Receiver General for the County of Suffolk, so far as it relates to Joj'eph Pake, One of the said Sureties:

An Act for ascertaining and establishing the Glebe Lands, Tythes, and other Profits, of the Rectory of Gothnrjl, in the County of Bucks:

An Act for Sale of the Manors of , alias

Agarjley, and Marchington, and several Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of 6V afford, for Payment of the

Mortgage-monies charged thereon, and other the Debts of the honourable Charles E Esquire: An Act forconfirmingto AgmondijhamVefcy Esquire,

and his Children, the Benefit intended by an Act passed in the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for their Relief; and for discharging him and them of the Rents and Profits of their Estate, incurred before the Palling of the said Act:

An Act for en&bYingEdward Sout/noell Esquire to grant

Vox,. 17.

certain Houses and Lands, in the County of Gloucester, to Joshua Franklyn, of Bristol, Merchant, for a Term of Years, in order, to the better Improvement thereof, and of other adjacent Lands of the said Edward Southwell:

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Edward Hill Esquire, deceased, in Orton and Rowell, in the County of Northampton, for the discharging several Incumbrances thereupon, and the Performance of the last Will of the said Edward Hil; and for the Settling of other Lands and Tenements in Rowell aforesaid, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses:

An Act for making a perpetual Augmentation to the Vicarage of Dube, in the County of Cornwall, out of the Tythes and Profits of the Rectory of Dube:

An Act for enabling James Griffin Esquire, and Edicard Griffin, Son and Heir apparent of the said James Griffin, to raise Money to pay the Debts of the said James; and to make a Settlement for the Benefit of themselves, and their Family:

An Act for felling certain Lands, Part of the Manor of Weightfeild, alias Whitefeild, and other Lands, in the County of Gbucester, for the Payment of the Debts heretofore of Mary f'ermor. Widow, deceased; and of John Afore junior, of Kirtlingin the County of Nottingham, Esquire, and Margaret his Wife:

An Act to enable William Esquire, an Infant;

to make a Settlement of his Estate, upon his Marriage, notwithstanding his Infancy:

An Act to enable OioenThomas Bro to

fell divers Lands, Tenements, ard Hereditaments, in the County of Beds ord, for the Purposes therein mentioned: An Act for vesting the Estate late of Bartholomew Vanhomrigh Esquire, deceased, lying in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold:

An Act to enable Trustees to cut and fell Timber on the Estate late o i Anthony Henley Esquire, deceased; and for applying the Money thereby arising towards the Payment of his younger Childrens Portions provided by his Marriage Settlement; and also for transferring certain Estates, by the same Settlement now veiled in Richard Norton Esquire, to other Trustees, on the same Trulls: An Act for Sale of the Manors of North Court and Boynton, in the Parish of Swingfeild, in the County of Kent, Part of the Estate of Richard Gomeldon Esquire, for discharging Incumbrances:

An Act for Sale of the Manor of Dalham, and other Manors and Hereditaments, in the County of Suffolk, and elsewhere, late the Estate of Clerk,

deceased, for the several Purposes therein mentioned: An Act to make free the Content Gaily, a running Ship, taken from the French, and condemned as Prize: An Act for making the Ship Succcjfe a free Ship.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be farther adjourned till Wednesday Sevennight.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’sTable; where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, a Duty to be laid upon all Starch made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all foreign Starch imported be after the Rate oflwo Pence per Pound Weight Avoir-dupoife, over and above the present Duties payable upon the Importation thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all Starch made in Great Britain be after the Rate of One Peny per Pound Weight avoirdupois.

Royal A {Tent to Bills.

Call of the House.

Ways and Me ana.

v

2 $6

220 Maii.

A. ijia.

Way. and Mean.'

Resolved, That it is, the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties be granted to her Majesty for the Term of 32 Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That all Stock of Starch, in the Hands of any Persons trading or dealing therein for Sale, be chargeable with the like Duties.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, further Duties be laid upon all Coffee, Tea, and Drugs, Dyeing Drugs excepted, which shall be imported into Great Britain, over and above all Duties chargeable on

the said Commodities, or any of them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the saidfurtlierDiityupon Coffee imported be after tfte Rate of 12d. per Pouna Weight avoirdupois.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said further Duty upon Tea imported be after the Rate of 2 s.for every such Pound Weight imported from any Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the East India Company; and 5*. for every such Pound Weight of Tea imported from any other Places.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said fqrther Duties upon Drugs imported, except Dyeing Drugs, be after the Rate of 20per as they are valued in the Book of Rates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said further Duties upon Coffee, Tea, and Drugs, be granted to her Majesty for the Term of 32 Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Stock of Cpfffee, Tea, and Drugs, except as aforesaid, in the Hands of Persons trading or dealing therein for Sale, be chargeable with the like Duties.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, Certain additional Rates or Duties be laid upon all Hides and Skips, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, and upon all Vellomand Parchment, to be imported intoGm?/ Britain, or to be tanned, tawed, or dressed, within the same, to be paid, over and above all Duties already charged or chargeable upon the same Commodities, respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duty upon Deer-skins imported, being dressed in Oil or Allum, or otherwise perfectly dressed, be after the Rate of Three Pence for every Pound Weight avoirdupois.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Additional Duty upon all Loftiee, Buffalo, Elke, or any other H.ides dressed in Oil, to be imported Us aforesaid, be after the Rate of Five Pence for every such Pound Weight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional D.uty upon all Russia Hides, to be imported as aforesaid, be after the Rate of One Peny for every such Pound Weight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duty upon all other tanned Hides, and tapped CalfTskins, to be imported as aforesaid, be after the Rate of Two Pence for every such Pound Weight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the faift additional Duty upon all Hides of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, to be imported as aforesaid, being dressed in Allumand Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed, be after the Rate of One Shilling per Hjde.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duty upon all Hides of Steers, Cows, and other Hides; those of Horses, Mares, and Geldings, excepted; being tawed and imported as aforesaid, be after tue Rate of One Shilling Six Pence for, every Hide.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That the said, additional Duties upon all Calf-ikins and, Kipps to be imported, bein® tawed as aforesaid, be after the Rate of One Peny Halfpenny for every Pound Weiglut avoirdupois.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duties upon all Slink Calf-lkins to be imported, being dressed with the Hair on, be after the Rale of one Peny for every such Pound Weight; and upon all Slink Calf-lkins to be imported, being dressed without the Hair, and for all Dog-skins to be imported, being so dressed, be after the Rate of One Halfpeny for every such Pound Weight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duty for all Skins called Cordi-vants to be imported, be Eight Shillings for every Dozen, and after that Rate.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duty upon all other Goat-steins, not usually called Cordivants, to be imported, being dressed in Oil, or with Allum, Salt, Meal, or otherwise dressed, be after the Rate of Six Pence for every Pound WeightAvoirdupoise.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duty for and upon all Kid-lkins to be imported, being dressed or undressed, or not perfectly dressed, be after the Rate of Sixpence for every Dozen: And, if any of the said Kid-lkins shall be dressed after Importation* the said additional Duty is not to be paid for the same, upon the drefting them in Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duty for and upon all imported Sheep-lkins, dressed in Oil, be One Shilling Six Pence per Dozen; and for all imported Lamb-lkins, drefiediU-Oil, be One Shilling per Dozen; and for all imported Sheep-lkins and Lamb-lkins, tanned. Nine Pence per Dozen; and for all imported Sheep-lkins, and Lamb-lkins, tawed, Six Pence per Dozen; and in proportion to those Rates, for greater or lesser Numbers or Quantities of such Sheep-lkins and Lamb-lkins, respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duty nponall Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, to be imported as aforesaid, being tanned, tawed or dressed, and not before particularly charged; and for and upon all Wares made into Manufactures of Leather, or any Manufacture whereof the most valuable Part shall be Leather; be after the Rate of Fifteen Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, to be affirmed upon the Oath of the Importer.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Rates upon the said imported Commodities be paid by the Importers thereof, respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duty to be laid on all Hides, of what Kind soever, to be tanned in Great Britain, be One Halfpeny per Pound Weight avoirdupois* and after that Rate.

Resolved, That it is the Opinon of this Committee, That the said additional Duty to be laid upon all Calve-Ikins, Kipps, Hog-lkins, and Dog-lkins, tanned in Great Britain, be after the Rate of One Halfpeny for every such Pound Weight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duty to be laid upon all Goat-skins tanned with Shomack, or otherwise, in Great Britain, to resemble Spanish Leather, be after the Rate of Three Pence for- every such Pound Weight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duty to be laid upon all Sheep-lkins tanned for Roans, being after the nature of Spanish Leather, in Great Britain, be after the Rate of One Peny for every such Pound Weight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,. That the said additional Duty to be laid on all Sheep-lkins and Lamb-lkins, to be tanned for Glovers and Bafiis, within Great Britain, he after the Rate of One Peny for every such Pound Weight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That

21

n Ann. 22° Mali.

That the said additional Duty to "be laid upon all other Skins, and Pieces and Parts of Skins, to be tanned in Great Britain, not before particularly charged, be after the. Hate of Fifteen per Cent, according ta the Value thereof; the said several additional Duties for and upon all Hides and Skips, and Bleeps of Hides and Skins, tanned in Great Britain, to be paid by the Tanners thereof, respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duty to be laid upon all Hides of Horses, Mares, and Geldings, to be tawed in Gifeat Britain, be after the Rate of Six Pence for every Hide.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duty to be laid upon all Hides of Steers, Cows, and other Hides, to he tawed in Great Britain, be after the Rate of One Shilling for every such Hide. 1

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duty to be iaid upon all Calve-(kins, and Kipps, to be tawed in Great Britain, be after the Rate of One Peny (of every Pound Weight Avoir-dupoife.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duty to be laid upon all Siink Calvedkins, which shall be tawed with the Hair on? within Great Britain, be after the Rate of One Shilling Six Penoe per Dozen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duty to be laid upon all Sl.ink Calve-lkins, which shall be tawed without Ha.r, and upon all tawed Dog-skins in Great Britain, be after the Rate of Six Pence for every Dozen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duty to be laid upon all Buck and Doe Skins, except such as shall have paid the full Duty on the Importation, to be tawed in Great Britain, be after the Rate of Three Pence for every Pound "Weight avoirdupois.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duty to be laid upon all Kid-lkins which shall be d re fled or tawed in Great Britain; such

shall have paid the full Duty on Importation excepted, be after the Rate of Six Pence for every Do^en.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duty to be laid on all Goat-skins which shall be tawed in Great Britain, be after the Rate of Six Pence for every Dozen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duty to be foid on ?1| Beayer-skins to be tawed in Great Britain, be after the Rate of Qoe Shilling for every Dozen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinjon of this Committee, That the said additional Duty to be laid upon all Slieep-(kins and Lamb-lkins, to be tawed in be

after the Rate of One Peny Halfpeny for every Pound "Weight avoirdupois.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thi^ C01ptpitj.ee, That the said additional Duty to be laid upon al| other Skins, and Parts and Piece? of Skins, to be tawed in Great Britain, not before particularly charged, be after the Rate of Fifteen per Cent, according to tjip Vpjue thereof; the said several additional Duties for and upop all Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hide? and Sb’infy tawed in Great Britain, to be paid by the Tawers or Makers thereof into Leather respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cqrpmittee, That the said additional Duty to be laid upon ad Deer-Ikins, Goat-skins, and Beaver-(kins, which (Jiail be drafted in Oil, within Great Britain, be after the Rpte of Four Pence for every Pound Weight avoirdupois.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee? That the said addition^ Duty to be laid upon all CaJye- % i»6 to be dressed in Oil, within Great Britain, be after the Rate of Four Pence for every Pound WeiglP avoirdupois.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said pddjtional Duty to be laid upon all Sheep-

Toi. 17-

skins and Lamb skins, to be dressed in Oil, within Great Way* and Britain, be after the Rate of Two Pence for every stich Mean*. Pound Weight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said additional Duty to be laid upon all other Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and'Skins, to be dressed in Oil, within Great Brit ain, beaster the Rate of

Four Pence for every such Pound Weight; the said additional Duties on Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, to be dressed in Oil, within Great Britain, to be paid by the Oil Leather-dressers, respectively.

Resolved\That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said additional Duty to be laid on all Vellom to be imported, be after the Rate of Three Shillings for every Dozen; and upon all Parchment to be imported, after the Rate of Two Shillings for every Dozen; to be paid by the Importers thereof, respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said additional Duty to be laid upon all Vel-lom that shall be made in Great Britain, be after the Rate of Two Shillings for every Dozen; and upon all Parchment to be made in Great Britain, be after the Rate of One Shilling for every Dozen; to be paid by Ihp Makers thereof, respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all the said new or additional Rates and Duties be granted to her Majesty for the Terra of Thirty-two Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Stocks of such Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, not made into Wares; and aH Stpcks of such Vellom and Parchment, within the Realm of Great Britain, which any Traders or Dealers in those Commodities, or any foe ihem, have in their Hands, Custody, or Possession, for Sale, be charged with I'o much Money as One-fourtn Part of the additional Rates intended to be imposed, after the Commencement of the said Term, upon the like Commodities as aforesaid, shall amount unto.

Ref dyed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a further Duty be laid on all Gilt and Silver Wire.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said further Duty on Gilt Wire imported he after the Rate of One Shilling per Ounce; and on Gilt

Wire made in Great Britain, 8d. per Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said further Duty Upon Silver Wire imported be gd. per Ounce; and upon Silver Wire made in Great Britain, 6 d.per Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duties be granted to her Majesty for the Term of 32 Years. '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Coipmittee,

That all Stock of Gold and Silver Wire, in the Hands of any of the Dealers therein for Sale, be charged with One Half of the like Duties.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, a Duty be laid upon all Policies of Assurance, to be made, or entered into, within the Cities of London and Westminster, or in any Places within the weekly Bills of Mortality, over and above all such Duties as are already chargeable upon them, or any of them, by any Act or Acts of Parliament formerly made in that behalf.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty, so to be laid, be the Sum of 2 4 for every such Policy.

Resolved, That if is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty be granted to her Majesty for the Term of 32 Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opiniop of this Committee,

That; for better feepring the said Duty, th,e said policies of Assurance shall be written or prftited npori Paper, to be stamped with §tamps, denoting the J^yment or Charging of the Duty aforesaid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Fund ofjf.168,003 per Annum be charged upon

3 R the

Ways and Means

Public

Money

accounted

for.

Dixon’s L>ebt to the Crown.

Privilege.

238

2 3° — 23°

A. 171a.

the several Duties aforesaid, for raising the Sum of £. 1,800,000 by way of a Lottery.

Resolved, That Mary Ravenell Widow, has fully proved the Allegations of her Petition; and ought to be relieved, according to the Prayer thereof.

The Eleven first of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Twelfth Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, certain additional Rates or Duties be laid upon all Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, and upon all Vellom and Parchment, to be imported into Great Britain, or to be tanned, tawed, or dressed, within the same, to be paid, over and above all Duties already charged or chargeable upon the same Commodities, respectively;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

J Mr. Nicholas,. f

i Mr. Dockminigue: j *35*

Tellers for the Noes.

( f Mr. Chol

’ I Mr. Shackerlty:

} 1X9-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the said Resolutions, as far as the 61ft, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 6 ill Resolution being read a Second time, That a Fund of £.168,003 per Annum be charged upon the several Duties aforesaid, for raising the Sum of £.1,800,000 by way of a Lottery;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution; by leaving out these Words, " way of a Lottery," and, instead thereof, to insert " Contribution

for Exchequer Orders, payable in Course, with certain Increase of Principal and Interest, according to the several Classes, with the Addition of Chances

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended. That a Fund of £.168,003 per Annum be charged upon the several Duties aforesaid, for raising the Sum of £.1,800,000 by Contribution for Exchequer Orders, payable in Course, with a certain Increase of Principal and Interest, according to several Classes, with the Addition of Chances.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions, relating to the said Fund of One hundred Sixty eight thousand and Three Pounds per Annum: And that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Auditor Harley, Sir 'Thomas Powys, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr.. Loiendcs, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the Account shewing how much of the Sum of Thirty-ftve Millions Three hundred and Two thousand One hundred and Seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence of the Money granted by Parliament, and ifl'ued for the Publick Service, to Christmas 1710, which appeared to re-

main unaccounted for the last Session of Parliament, has been since accounted for before the Auditors of the Imprefts ;and by whom, and when; and what Obstructions have arisen in accounting for the same; be taken into Consideratiou upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof the Petition of Dr. George Dixon.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Huggins Esquire, High Bailiff of the City of be taken into

C’onsideration Tomorrow Moruing.

Veneris, 23° die Mail;

Anno ii* Anns Regime, 1712.

P B A V E R 3.

A BILL for the better ascertaining and securing the Eall Iadia Payments to be made to her Majesty, for Goods Import*, and Merchandizes to be imported from the East Indies, and other Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the East India Company, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for explaining several Clauses in an Act, pnfletf Sufferei* the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of the j* Nevis and Sufferers of the islands of Nevis and St. by n l"

Reason of the Invasion of the French there, in the Year 1705, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resumed the ad journed Debate upon the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Brooke and John -Her, and the Return from the Commissioners of the Customs, was referred;

And the Resolution of the said Committee was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of the Petitioners, according to the Prayer of their Petition;

The House divided.

The Y eas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas £ ^r* Bruce, )

1 eliers lor the Xeas, J Mr: )

«, Portugal Wine*.

29<

TeHere for the Noes, Orchard:

So it passed in the Negative.

33*

Mr, Dibble being in the House;

The Petition of John Huggins Esquire, High Bailiff Privilege of the City of Westminster, was again read:

And Mr. Dibble was heard in his Place.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be examined, at the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Africa* Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Trade, the Bill for establishing a Trade to Africa in a regulated Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments to it; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for making effectual fuel) Agreement as shall be African made between the Royal African Company of England, Company'*

and Creditor*.

Hutchinson*

Time

Movement*

Privilege*

Mathew's

llftate.

Col. Alexander and Hegiment'i relief.

ii Ann. 23® — 24* Mali. 239

and their Creditors, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yea3 go forth.

Teller, for the Yea, { } 33-

Teller for the Noe, [ JJj;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Chapman, Mr. Hern, Mr. Brace-

bridge, Mr. Cross, Mr. GuljionMr. Medlycot, be added

to the Committee, to whom the Bill for securing to John Iiutchinfon the Property of a Movement, invented by him, for the more exact Measuring of Time, both iu Motion, and at Heft, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, N ine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 240 Maii;

Anno 11* Anns Regins, 1712.

Praters.

QGEORGE Rodney Bridges Esquire, a Member of this House, having acquainted this House, That he had received Satisfaction from Richard Connel, and William Connel, since his Complaint made to this House

the 12th Day of April lait, That the said Richard Connel and William Connel had entered upon, and possessed themselves of the Vicarage and Glebe Land of in Queen's County, in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Estate of the said Mr. Bridges, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from examining the Matter of the said Complaint.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for Five Weeks, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Bertie have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Jacob Henriques, of , Merchant, Lottery

on behalf of his Uncle Jaques Henriques, Merchant, at T,ckf‘* Amsterdam, was presented to the House, and read; feu uupal ting forth, That Peter and Peire Henriques, of , Merchants, being considerably indebted to the said Jaques Henriques, did, about the Year 1606, deliver to the said Jaques Henriques several Million Lottery Tickets, which are payable to the Bearer, towards Satis* faction of Part of the said Debt: That, in Anno 1704,

Manuel Henriques, Merchant, of Amsterdam, pretending the said Tickets belonged to him, brought his Bill, in the High Court of Chancery of this Kingdom, against the said Peter and Peire Henriques; who by their An* fwer confessed that they had delivered over several of the said Tickets to said Jaques Henriques; whereupon the said Manuel obtained a Decree against them for the Principal Monty, payable by the said Tickets, and the Interest thereof, and his Costs of Suit: That, since that time, the said Manuel Henriques, knowing that 14 of the said Tickets were in the said Jaques Henriques'

Hands, commenced a Suit against him, in the Court at Amsterdam, concerning the Right of the said Tickets, and other Accounts depending between them the said Jaques and Manuel; which Suit is (till undetermined; and, the said Tickets being delivered, by the said Peter and Peire Henriques, to the said Jaques Henriques, lor a valuable Consideration, he humbly apprehends himself to be well entitled to the Monies thereby payable:

That there being a Bill dependingto impowerthe Pa}r-master of the Million Lottery Tickets to pay to Sir William Hodges Baronet the Money due upon the said 14 Tickets; which the Petitioner is advised will be prejudicial to the said Jaques Henriques: And praying to be heard, by his Counsel; and be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Petitioner be heard, by his Coun-fel, at the Bar of this House, upon the Third reading the said Bill.

Mr. Trevanion reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of George Malheto Esquire, against a Clanfe in an Act of Parliament, passed in Ireland, whereby several Fines and Recoveries, and a Settlement of his Wife's Estate, are set aside, was recommitted, that they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Colonel Francis Alexander, and his Regiment, in the Leeward Islands, in America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Manley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Manley reported from the Committee, That they bad examined the Allegations of the Bill; and consideredthe Account, and other Papers, to them referred; and had made l'ome Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Vol. 17.

The Other Orders of the Day were read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Southampton, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Place of Foil House, upon the Bill for the explaining and amending at Lledion*. aClause in the Act, of the 7th and 8th Years of the late King William, intituled, An Act for the farther regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing and returning such Members; relating to the Adjournment of the Poll at Elections of Knights for the County of Southampton, from Winchester, to Newport in the Isle of

The House proceeded to the Examination of the Privilege. Matter of the Petition of John Huggins Esquire, High Bailiff of the City and Liberty of W

And Mr. Huggins, and Mr. Strudwick the Plaintiff in the Action against him, and Mr. Benson the Plaintiffs Attorney, and Mr. Elderton the Bailiff, were called in; and, at the Bar, severally examined, and heard, touching the Matter of the said Petition.

And then they withdrew.

The House proceeding no farther thereupon;

Ordered, That the Charter of the South Sea Com- South Sea pany be laid before this House. Coin pan)

r Charter.

Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration Marine Pay the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition Arrears.

of

4°

24* M

A. 1712.

Marine of Colonel Richard CobhamLieutenant Co1 on el 'Waller P*y Arrears. Pallif'er, Lieutenant Colonel Lerc/V de Sidiere, Major

Henry Bradshaigh, Major Robert Kemp, Officers in the

. Marine Service, and Ricltard Esquire, and Mar*

garet his Wife, Administratrix of Captain Henry Mar* shall’, late also an Officer in foe Marine. Service, now deceased, on behalf of themselves, and great Number? of other Officer? in the Sixth Regiments of Marines, and the Widows, Orphans, and other Representatives, of several such Officers.

And the Report was read: and the Two Resolutions of the Committee: thereupon were also read: And the Report, and Resolutions, are as follow; viz.

That the Committee met; And Mr. from the Commissioners of Accounts, produced a Memorial laid before them by the Petitioners, the 13th of December Jail, complaining, that Mr. with-held from the

Petitioners their Quarter Refpits; and Mr.

Answer thereto, In Writing, signed by him, bearing Date the 18th Day of the same Month; whereby he admits the Sum of£. 6,798 or. i{rf. to be due to the Six Regiments of Marines for Quarter Refpits, from the 45th of December 1703, to the 24th of June 1706; but. fays, That he laid many Memorials before the late Lord Treasurerfor the Money, and renewed his Application very often, but without Success; that the Officers thereupon became extremely uneasy, the said Quarter Refpits being flopped from their personal Pay; and never ceafod soliciting him, alleging, That Prince Geoi'ge'sWarrant was a sufficient

Authority for Payment of the fame, out of any Money that should come to his Hands: upon these Reasons, having the like Sum in his Hands undisposed of, the Payment whereof would clear his whole Account, the 6th of Amgufi last, upon his going to the Balk, he gave his Note to Captain William Morgan, as well an Agent as an Officer, for the said £. 6,798 1 kd. payable at'Demand;

so much being due to the Six Marine Regiments for their , Two Pences, pursuant to his late Royal Highness the Prince’s Warrant, dated id May 1708; and which Money the said Captain Morg was to distribnteto the several Agents according to their several Demands, provided the same was allowed him by the Auditors of the Imprest, and the Commissioners of the Publick Accounts,

And Mr. Lynn, from the Admiralty, produced his late Royal Highness PrinceOeor^e’s Memorial to her Majesty, dated 23d April 1708, representing the great Hurdffiips the Officers of the Marines lay under, by respiting id. a Man per diem, upon their Rolls, for non-efle^ive Men; which was 2 d.per diem more than they could receive by < reason of the Clothing, which funk their whole Pay;

and, in some Cafes, their Pay had not answered it; and praying the said Refpits might be reduced:

And Mr. Lynn also produced her Majesty's Order in Council, dated 25th April 1708; whereby the said Memorial was agreed to; and his said Royal Highness his Warrant, dated ill May 1708, in pursuance ofher Majesty’s said Order in Council, directed to the said Mr. Whilfeild; whereby he was ordered, from the lait Compu-tation he had made of any Muller Rolls, to respit only 6d. a private Men per diem, for the non-effctli ve Men of each Company, and to continue fotodo for the future: And whereas the said Mr. had already, from the Commencement of the last. Estabttshment, computed several Muster Rolls, according to the usual Refpits of ltd. a Serjeant 12 d.a Corporal and Drum, and td. a private Man, per diem; he was further required and directed to make an Estimate of the Difference between flie said Refpits, and the Reduction thereof, at I2d. a Serjeant, 8d. a Corporal and Drum, and 6 a private Man, per diem; and to lay a "Memorial before the Lord High Treasurer for the Amount thereof) which he was to issue to the Agents of the respective Regiments, to be by them paid over to tlio foveral Captains, who thou Id appear to have a Right thereto, that they might have the same Relief for the Time pall as was intended them for the Time to come.

And Mr. Lynnlikewife produced a Warrant from the

then Lords of the Admiralty, dated 14 June 1710, to the same Effect with the Prince’s Warrant.

And Mr. James Moody, Deputy Auditor of the Im-prest, produced a Certificate of the Quarter Refpits due to the Petitioners; whereby it appears, That there is due to the PfetitionerColonel 11 Colonel Ban 's

Regiment, £.123 3*. to d.\to the Petitioner Major Robert Kemp, in the same Regiment, £.103 11 .?.<{</.; to the Petitioner Lieutenant Colonel Fallijer, in Colonel Saunderson'sRegiment,£.44 12s.; to Lieutenant Colonel de Sidiere, in Lieutenant General Regiment, M*. 3 d.; to Major Brcidjkaigh, in the Lord non's Regiment, £181 13?. 4 and to the Petitioners Richard Bellafyfe Esquire, and Mavgaret his Wife, as Administratrix of Captain Henry , in Colonel

Churchill's Regiment, £.192 js-.

And Mr. Moody said, The Quarter Refpits ought not to be paid out of the Money in Mr. Whilfeild*.s Hands, the said Money being issued for pay and Clearings; and that Pay and Clearings, and Refpits, were different; and that Refpits cghW not he paid without a special Warrant from the Lord Treasurer; and that the Treasurer of the Navy paid the Money inte Mr. Whitfeild's Hands, and directed for what Services; and that there has been no Quarter Refpits paid since the Year 1708.

And Mr. George Buckby, being produced and examined, said. He was present when Mr. Whilfeild was examined upon Oath, before the Commissioners of Accounts; and he then owned, that he had the £.6,798 or. 1 {d.in his Hands in the Year 1708; and that he kept it to pay the Quarter Refpits.

And Mr. Swift said. That Mr. Whiffeildhzd not paid the £.6,798 or. 1 \d.to Sir Roger Mojiyn; -and that that Money was issued to him for Pay apd Clearings; and that the Quarter Refpits fell upon the personal Pay of the Officers;

And Mr. Swfl produced a Memorial, laid before the Lord Treasurer by Mr, Whilfeconcerning the said £.6,798 or. 1 Id. due to the Murine Officers for their ( Quarter Refpit6; suggesting, That the said bum not having been issued by t,he late Lord Treasurer, the Officers were become extremely uoeafy; pud, for want thereof, objected they were not able to support themselves, or clear their Companies:

And Mr. Swift also produced a Report from the Auditors of the impreft, dated the 28th of February last, concerning the said Refpits; certifying, That they were of Opinion, that the Sum of £-6,798 0 1 Id. in Mr.

Whitfeild's Hands, was prpperly applicable to the Pay and Clearings of the Regiments; foe Fund, out of which the said Refpjts were payable, being what had been fared to the Government puf of the Edablifluneot by Refpits; of which Savings there appeared} by an Account annexed , to have beep sufficient , U> answer the said Refpits; but for what Reafpn the late Lord Trtsi-furerdid not think lit to issue thorn did'not. appear to the said Auditors:

And Mr. Swift likewise produced the Lord Treafo-rer’s Warrant to Mr. Whilfeild, dated 2ift luff, to pay tp Sir Roger Mojiyn tJieRelklue of tb* £.6,798, in his Hands, after Colonel Arnott was reimbursed what he had paid for the Pay and Suhliltence of the Marine Regiments that were on the Expedition to Canada.

And-a Member of this House informing the Committee, That Mr. Whilfeild, jn respect of his great Indisposition, was not able to attend the Committee in Per foiu but had authorized him to acquaint the Ceovnittee, That he owned that he had in his Hands the Sam of £.6,798 or. i ^d.received for the Marine Service.; and was willing to pay the same to the Officers, in Discharge of the Quarter Refpits due to ttltew, provided he might have a fofficiept Warrant to jyllify Inch Payment; ’

That the CommiUee qpme to the following RofoUi. tions; u».

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is due to the Petitioners, end foveral other Officers in the Six Regiments of Marines, and the legal

Representatives

Adjournment.

Cogg’s, gee. Lilale.

ii Ann.

240 — 26° Mail.

Reprefehtatives of several of the Marine Officers, the Stun of £. 6,798 05. i\d. for Refpits, from 25 December 1703 to 24th June 1706, out of the personal Pay of the said Officers.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That WalterWhitfeild Esquire, late Paymaflerof theMarincs, has £.6,798 05. 1 {(I. in his Hands, which he received from the Government for the Pay and Clearings of the said Marines; which Sum he is willing to pay to the said Marine Officers in Discharge of their said Quarter lief-. pits, provided he may have sufficient Warrant for that Purpose.

the First of the said Resolutions, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time, That it appears, That Walter Esquire, late

Paymaster of the Marines, has £.6,798 05. 1 in his Hand, which he received from the Government, for the Pay and Clearings of the said Marines; which Sum he is willing to pay to the said Marine Officers, in Discharge of their Quarter Refpits, provided he may have sufficient Warrant for that Purpose;

Amendments were severally proposed to be made in the said Resolution, by leav ing out " from the Government;" and also by leaving out " Quarter:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And a Debate arising in the House upon the said Resolution;....

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { }

24-

Tellers for the Noes,

30-

Sir Jacob Banks, \

Mr. Fleetwood: 5

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended. That it appears, That Walter Whitfeild Esquire, late Paymaster of the Marines, has Six thousand Seven hundred Ninety-eight Pounds One Peny Halfpeny in his Hands, which he received for the Pay and Clearings of the said Marines; which Snm he is willing to pay to the said Marine Officers, in Discharge of their said Refpits, provided he may have sufficient Warrant for that Purpose.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question put. That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {u } >3.

Tellers for the Noes, { ]

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

22.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 26° Mail \

Anno ii* Annas Regime, 1712.

Phayirs.

MR. Serjeant Richardson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate and Effects of John Coggs and John Dann, Goldsmiths and

Partners, in Trullees, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors; and for determining Differences thereupon; and for the more effectual veiling the Estates and Effects of Thom as Pitkin and Thomas Brerez still (landing

out, in Trustees, for the Use and Benefit of the Creditors of the said John Coggs and John; was committed: That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and considered the Petition to them referred; and had made Vol. 17.

241

several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon theQuestiou severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be. ingrossed.

A Petition of Robert Rodes, Gentleman, and Anne his Audio's Wife, Sifter of Sir Robert Aujlen Baronet, deceased, was Estate; presented to the Hotife, and read; setting forth. That there is due to the Petitioners, from the Estate of the said Sir Robert Aujlen, deceased, late of Hall-place, in the County of Kent, Baronet, the Sum of 1,39b 7 besides Interest and Colls: And whereas there is a Bill brought for Sale of an Estate of the said Sir Robert Aujlen, in the County of Kent, for the Payment of his, the said Sir Robert Atijleris, Debts and Legacies; and if the said Bill pafles, in the Nature and Form as it is now drawn; the: Petitioners are advised they are in great danger of losing.

their aforesaid.....which will be the utter Ruin of

the Petitioners, and their Family: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Bill passes.

Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon, if they think fit.

The House being informed, That a Person attended Soutl> Sea with the Charter of the South Sea Company; Charter

He was called in; and, according to Order, at the Bar, presented to the House the said Charter.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Charter do lie upon the Table; to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Mathew’* George Mathew Esquire, against a Clause in an Act of Eilat*. Parliament, passed in Ireland; whereby several Fines and Recoveries, and a Settlement of his Wife’s Estate, are set aside; be now read the Third time.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Relief of George Mathew fifquire, against a Clause in an Act of Parliament, passed in Ireland; whereby several Fihes and Recoveries, and a Settlement of his Wife’s Estate, are set aside.

Ordered, That Mr. Trevanion do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of East India England trading to the East Indies, in a General Court Company; assembled, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have acquired several Forts and Settlements, and Privilegesin the East Indies, which are absolutely necessary for the carrying on of their Trade, and are a greatSecurity to the British Interest in those Parts; and which cost the Petitioners very great Sums of Money; That by an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of her present Majesty’s Reign, the Petitioners Fund, granted them as a Security for Three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, which they advanced to the Publick, is redeemable at any time, upon Three Years Notice, after the 25th of 1726; and;

upon the Redemption thereof, the Petitioners Capacity of Trading, and Corporation Capacity itself, is to be determined: That by virtue of Forts and Settlements, the Dutch East India Company have securerl to themselves the foie Trade in all the Spices, except Pepper, of which they have also the greatest Part; and have made many Attempts to engross the Residue, and particularly of late on the Coast of Mallabar: That if the Dutch could engross the foie Trade of Pepper, they might fell it at the like extravagant Prices with other Spices; and, it being a bulky Commodity, it would greatly enlarge their Navigation: That, by reason of the

3 Q Shortncfs

24* so0* — 27° Mail.

Shortnels of the Petitioner* Tefm in the Trade, they dare not rnn out into so great an Expence of Settlements and Fortifications as is necessary for the lading Security of the British Interest in the Eq/i Indies: And praying That their Corporation Capacity may be continued, although their said Fund should be redeem-' ed; and that they may have such further Term and Interest in the said Trade, as to Justice and Wisdom shall seem meet.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the Petition)

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And that Mr. Pitt, Mr. Mr. and

Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Duke of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

Ormond’* enable James Duke of Ormond, and Charles Earl of

Efute. Arran, his Brother, to convey to her Majesty the Re-

galities, Franchises, Liberties, and Jurisdictions, in the County of Tipperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in order to their being extinguished in the Crown j and to enable her Majesty to grant an Equivalent for the fame: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. , and

Mr. Annejley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Win. Carcw have Leave to go into

Absence. the Country for Five Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

had made some Progfefsin the Matter to them referred) and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House -will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of African the whole House, to whom the Bill for establishing a 'I'1* Trade to Africa, in a regulated Company, was committed, be received Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Col. Ale:«n. the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of <Jera|1,l: ^:* Colonel Francis Alexander, and his Regiment, in the menu^ci*c» Leewardljlands, in America, was committed, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Brare, Mr. Hart, Mr. , A liftin'*

Mr. Bolder, Mr. Courtney, Mr. Clark, Mr.

Mr. Burgh, Mr. Gape, Sir Hen. Seymour, Mr. Leigh,

Mr. Guiclot, Mr. Anjlis, Mr. Dolbey, Mr. Bridges, Mr.

Shippen, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Inheritance of the Manor of Court-at-weck, and divers other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Sir Robert Aufin Baronet, deceased was committed.

And then the LToufe adjourned till To-morrow1 Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 y Maii;

Ordered, That Mr. Rajhleigh have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, uponextraordinary Occasions.

The Orders of the Day being read;

African The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Creditor*'* "l10^e House, upon the Bill for making effectual such *’ Agreement as shall be made between the Royal African Company of England and their Creditors.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ward took the Chair of the Committed.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ward reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Importing Ordered, That the Bill to encourage the Importing

Lon^'^coi'* ^ava* ^ores from North Britain bo read a Second

land! time upon this Day Sevennight.

Public Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to

Money ac« whoni the Account shewing how much of the Sum of couued for. Thirty — five Millions Three Hundred and Two thousand One hundred and Seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence of the Money granted by Parliament, and issued for the Publick Service, to Christmas 1710,which appeared to remain unaccounted for the last Session of Parliament, has been since accounted for before the Auditors of the Imprefts; and by whom, and when; and what Obstructions have arisen in acounting for the same j was referred; be taken into Consideration on Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Diron’.De' t 1 he House resolved itself into a Committee of the u the Crown, whole House, upon the Petition Doctor

in Divinity.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refutned the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they

Anno n* Ann® Regime, 1712.

Prater*.

MR. Annefcy presented to the House, according to Duke of Order, a Bill to enable James Duke of Ormond, Or'inuA and Charles Earl of Arran, his Brother, to convey to her Ll Jle‘ Majesty the Regalities, Franchises, Liberties, and Jurisdictions, in the County of Tiperain the Kingdom of Ireland, in order to their being extinguished in the Crown; and to enable her Majesty to grant ail Equivalent for the same: And the same was received; -and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Farrer, according to Order, reported from the African Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Trade. establishing a Trade to Africa, in a regulated Company, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House: and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, foP saving and reserving to the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, all such Right,

Title, and Interest, as the or they have, or at any time may have or claim, to all such Mines as were reserved to the Crown, in any Charter or Grant to the Royal African Company:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That, from and after the 24th Day of December, 1712, all Planters, Owners or Proprietors of any Negro, Male or Female, which shall be born in any of her Majesty’s Plantations or Colonies in America, shall be obliged to cause all suchNegroChildren, within Three Monthsafter their Birth, to be baptized by the Ministerof the Parish; and that no Proprietor or Owner of any Negro shall lofc his Property or Owner!}'ip in any Negro, by such Negro’s 17 professing

African Company I Creditors.

Sclc of LiticU in ficilM-nx, &c.

East India Company*

Ilillfrfdon’s

Male.

Mathew* l)ck>i to the Oown.

ii Ann. 57° — 28" Mail. 443

professing the Christian Religion, or being baptized into

the fame:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Dili, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ward, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole lloitfe, to whom the Bill for making effectual fitch Agreement as shall be made between the Royal African Company of England, and their Creditors, wa9 committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’sTable: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed unto, and the rest of them, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto, by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Doi'mtt and Mr.

Brazening:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Rill, intituled, An Act for vesting several Lands in NethRew, and

T/mrverlon, in the County of , in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Pit Ipresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Trade, and Corporation Capacity, of the united East India Company, although their Fund should be redeemed: And the same was received:

Mr* Berners reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Lands in Battlcfdon, in the County of Bedford, in John Hillerfdon Esquire, and his Heirs, discharged of several Uses and Estates, to which they are limited; and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, in the same County, to the same Uses; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of Job Mathew, late of London, Apothecary, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner became bound to her Majesty* with one John Goodwin and Partner, Merchants, in several Bonds for the Duties of Tobacco by them imported; on which Bonds there remains unpaid the Sum of £4,000: That the said John Goodzoin, since the Death of his Partner, neglecting to discharge the said Bonds, and becoming Bankrupt, the Petitioner’s Goods and Eflects were, in September last, extended, towards Satisfaction of the said Debt, to his utter Ruin: That the Petitioner’s Relations would contribute something towards compounding the said Debt; whereby the Petitioner might have his Liberty, and be enabled to make some Provision for his Family: And praying, That Leave may be givpn for bringing in a Bill to impower tire Lord High Treasurer to compound with the Petitioner, for the said Debt, as Security for the said Goodwin and Partner.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of aCommitteeof the whole House.

Refulvcd, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Petition.

Vol. 17.

The Order being read, for the ingrossed Bill to im- Lottery power the Paymasterof the Million Lottery Tickets to Tickets pay to Sir William Hodges Baronet, the Money due pai upon Fourteen Tickets in the said Lottery, to be read the Third time; and for hearing Counsel upon the Petition of Jacob Ilenriques, of London, Merchant, on the

behalf of his Uncle Jaques Henriq Merchant, at Amsterdam.

The Counsel both for and Ugainfl the Bill were called in:

And the Bill was read:

And the Petition against the same was also read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, and also for Sir William Hodges, were heard.

And then they withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put*

That the Bill do pass i

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f^r* Go

leners for the leas, Do

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And that the Title be. An Act to impower the PaV-master of the Million Lottery Tickets to pay to Sir William Hodges Baronet, the Money due uponFourteen Tickets in the said Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

The itoufe, according to Order, resolved itself into a South Set Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for con- Cdmpaiiy/ tinuing the Trade to the South Seas, granted by an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies) and for satisfying the Publick Debts; and for erecting a Corporation to carry on a Trade to the South Seas;and for encouragement of the

Fiffieryj and for Liberty to trade in Unwrought Iron with the Subjects of Spam; and to repeal the Acts for registering Seamen; although the capital Stock of the said Corporation should be redeemed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Gilbert Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may hare Leave to fit again.

Ordered, That the Charter for the South «Sea Company be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, after the East India Committee upon the said Bill, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better ascertaining and securing the Payments to be made to her Majesty, for1 Goods ana Merchandizes to be imported from the East Indies, and other Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the East India Company.

And then the House adjourned till To-tiidrroW Morning, Nine cif the Clock.

Mercurii, 28p die Anno 11* Annas Regin se, 1712.

Praters.

MR. Manley, according to Order, reported from the Col. Al Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill )fei*^neut.i for the Relief of Colonel Francis Alexander, and his Regiment, in the Leeward Islands, in America, was committed, the Amendment they had made to the Bill, and

directed

} 5«-

j 45-

Tyner's

Jhllalc.

Sale of Laixls in Ne there x, i\c.

Dixon's Debt to the Crovm.

144 $8 Mait.^.1712.

directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Qu eft ion put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotfed.

Mr. Braccbridge reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to veil several Lands and Tenements in the County of Warwick, the Estate of Thomai Vyner, late of El/irope, in the said County, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees; and to enable them to fell Part thereof, for discharging several Debts and Incumbrancer thereon; and to raise a present Provision for his Son and Heir, an Infant, and the fest of his Children; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, find found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without ahy Amendment: And lie delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ihgrolTed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act - for veiling several Lands in Ne/ficrcx, , and Thorverton, in the County of Devon, in Trustees,

to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolveil, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Ilcufe, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Iloufq, to consider farther of the Petition of George Dixon Doctor in Divinity.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took tho Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they were falisfied, That the Petition had fully proved the Allegations of the Petition; and had directed him to move, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with George Dixon Doctor in Divinity, as he was Surety for his Father while Receiver General for the County of Somerset, and City of Bristol:.

Atid lie moved for Leave to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Ordered, That I^ave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioner? of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with the said Doctor Dixon, as he was Surety for his Father while Receiver General for the County of Somerset, and City of Bristol: And that Mr. Conyers and Sir Gilbert Dolben do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Public Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom Money ac-it was referred to inquire into the Account shewing COUDte<lfor' how much of the Sum of Thirty-five Millions Three hundred and two thousand One hundred and Seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence of the Money granted by Parliament, and ifl’ued for the Publick Service, to

Christmas 1710, which appeared to remain unaccounted for the left Session of Parliament, has been since accounted for before the Auditors of the Imprefts; and by whom, and when; and what Obstructions have arisen in accounting for the fame;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace into Westmhall, and Courts there, and Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

The said Report was read; and is as follows; vis.

That the Committee have, according to the aforesaid Order, considered and examined the Matter to them referred; and do find, that the Sum of £.6,133,571 l5s'

2 d.},mentioned in the Auditor’s Report, are accounted for; and the Accounts relating the reunto declared:

And as to the Obstructions, mentioned in the said Auditor’s Report, that have arisen in accounting for the Remainder of the said Thirty-five millions, for which the following Persons are accountable before the Auditors; the Committee do find. That all the Accounts of the honourable James Bridges Esquire, and the late Earl of lianelagh, for the Pay of the Forces then undeclared, do Hill remain so, for want of Privy Seals for authorizing several of the Payments: The Draughts of which Privy Seals the Committee have examined into, and do find the Allowances, to be made to the honourable Janies Bridges Esquire, in his Accounts, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Six, in the said Privy Seal mentioned, to be as follows; viz.

For her Majesty’s Proportion of the ordinary Pay to the foreign Forces, in the Low-Countries, for the Year 170b, pursuant to the Establishments, and several Treaties, and Convention Acts; with Acquittances, but without Warrants or Muster Rolls -

To her Majesty's Proportion of Forage, and other Extraordinaries, for the said Forces, according to Accounts of Particulars made up and signed by Monsieur Secretary

to the Council of the States General; with Certificates, That the States had ordered Payment of their Moiety thereof, together with Acquittances, but without Warrants -

For her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charges of recruiting Horses loft by the foreign Forces, in Engagements with the Enemy, or by Distempers; pursuant to like Accounts, adjusted and certified by Moulieur Slingelandt; with Acquittances, but without Warrants - For her Majesty’s Moiety of making good the Agio, or Difference of the Money due to the Prussian Forces when drawn out of their Garrisons, between the Rhine and the

into such Parts where the Money of the Empire is not current; and for Bread and Forage for them, when in such Parts, where Countries did not furnish them: pursuant to a Treaty, and like Accounts, signed by Monsieur Slingelandt-, with Acquittances, but without Warrants For her Majesty’s Share, being Two-thirds, of the full Pay of 3000 additional Palatines; pursuant to the Treaty, Establishment, and Acquittances, but without Muster Rolls -Payments for Subsidies to foreign Princes, pursuant to the several Treaties with the said Pri nces; and proper Acquittances for the fame - -

Payments for Waggon Money, Forage, Recruits, and other Extraordinaries, due to the foreign Forces in the Years 1702, 1703, 1704, and 1705; which was thought fit to be allowed, though the Payments for Extraordinaries, since the Beginning of the War, have exceeded the Establillnnents £.10,664. 13. 1. in regard it appeared, that no Allowances

was made for Extraordinaries on the Establishment, for the Year 1702; and it appearing also, by Accounts and Certificates of the said Monsieur Slingelandt, That, the States had ordered Payments of their Moiety of the said Extraordinaries, as by Acquittances appears -Payments to the General, for so much appearing by his Acquittances to have been paid and expended by him, for Contingencies of the Army, but without Warrant for Payment -

£. s. d. 484,012 11

32,428 3 4*

21,915 18 n-j.

11,483 7 10$

26,618 3

123,168 12 iof

26,635 10 5f 7.185 *5 —

Payments

ii Ann.

*8° Maii.

Payments for Pees of the Exchequer, or Reeeiving of Monies for the Use of the Forces; being at id. per Pound; the Rate settled by Act of Parliament, but no Warrant produced

for Payment..... -

Payments For Fees at the Treasury and Exchequer for Warrant* and Orders for receiving of Money, and for Imprest Rolls, Sic. being the nfual Fees; and the like having been allowed the Accountants Predecessors; but no Warrant produced for Payment -

Paid for Contingencies the said YeaT 1706, upon Warrants tram the Queea* and thp General; with Acquittances; being more than was allowed that Year for Contingencies on the Establishment; is confirmed by the said Privy Seal

Paid the King of Portugal as per Acquittances, for the Pay of his foil Number of Troops for the said Year 1706; which by the Treaty he was obliged to mutter, but no Mutter Rolls produced ——

Payments for the Queen’s Proportion of Clothing, Arms, and Pay of Colonel Caviller's Regiment, according to Accounts adjusted by Monsieur in manner before

mentioned; and is to be charged to the Account of the King of Spain, as by the Colonel’s Acquittances ——

Paid the Countess of Peterborough, on Two Bills of Exchange, drawn by the Earl of

Peterborough, for so much advanced the King of Spain: His Lordship has produced the Prince of Lichtenfiein'& Receipt, for the Use of the said King; and is charged to his Ma-jessy’s Account accordingly ——

Payments to Mr. Richard Langhum, upon his Bills drawn (ran Genoa, dor the Services of the Forces in Catalonia; for which their 'being BiHs and Receipts, the same is directed to be fat insuper an the said Mr. Langhome ——

Payments on Bills drawn by the Earl of Peterborough, on Account of the War in Catalonia, which is to be set iafvper on the said Eaif, and accounted for by him, as per his said Bill and Acquittances -

9»57*

Publi«

floaty 4c.

roujtteil frr

too 14 — -

55 I 4

i 50,000 *-----

6,284 to PI

4,500 — —

6,iS» 13 4

1M77 M M>

mi.

e. et

3^8*471 *9 8 761,576 7

0*776 a,019

id

B

Amounting in the whole to 3,850,413, 34.

That the Committee, having examined the Allowances craved the honourable James Bridges ECquine, Paymaster of her Majesty’s foreign Forces, and whidhare contained in a Draught of a Privy Seal, for the Year 1706; and being satisfied, that the Payments have been actually made, the several Acquittances -having been produced to the Auditors of her Majesty’s Imprest^ are of Opinion, That the said Mr. Bridges has an equitable Claim to the Allowances of the fame.

And the Allowances to be made to the late East of Rane in the said Privy Seals to be as follows;

Payments to Mr. Vander Efch, for the YJfe of the Dutch, Danes, and Sax Gotha Troops* formerly vouched by Acquittances oiYly, but wherewith Mr. bonder EJch *s>uqw charged in his Accounts examined and stated by the Auditors ----- - - a,790,4*5

Paid the Danish Forces, after they were taken from Vantkr tE/ftPsCare.ifor Subsistence of the Effectives, at the Rates allowed by the Regulations and Acquittances; but without any Warrants for Payment ——

To foreign Princes for Subfiflies, and Pay of their Troops, -pursuairt to Treaties and fSstablishments; with Acquittances-, but ‘without regular Warrants -

To the Elector of Treves; being given ’him by his late Majesty, for the Sufferings.of himself and Country by the'War; paid by the King’s Warrants; with Acquittances; but did not appear grounded on any Treaty -

To the Elector di'Colojrn, on Account of his Troops; by Warrant and AoquHtanoes Payments to the Contractors on Account of Bread, Bread Waggons, and-Forage; for the greatest Part of which there are‘Warrants and Acquittances; but there being orflyReoeipts for other'Part thereof, antt neither Warrants or Receipts for^.5,000 thereof, the-iaid £.5^000 is not to be allowed, urildfs the Accountants‘Executors do either produce the Acquittances, or that the said Contractors do charge themselves ‘therewith in their Accounts; >who are also to account for the Whole Sum chargeable upon them, the Warrants and Acquittances being all upon Account - -

Payments to severali Persons for the‘Charge<of therWospital|,iin the Low Countries, during ’the late War; without regular Warrants; but with Acquittances, according tp Accounts sworn toby Mr..Hill-; and that the>due Deductions,;payable, to the Troops on Account of ’the fard Hospitals, < had theen;made goad to-.the-Crown ——

Payments for Forage to ^General QfiiDers, 1 and ,'Battal ions of Foot, in Winter Quarters in the Low Countries, ipurfuant to ^Regulations or Warranty with Acquittances,; Mr having also-made Oath, That he never.charged any Part <thereof to the Kiqg’s, Account, which the Troops ought to pay; and that the Troops had paid their , Proportion of that Charge; and that he paid the Contractors in Part of the said. Forqge - -

Payments for the Use of IheTrain of Artillery in Plundersqpon Acquittances paly; but since accounted for by the Treasurer of the'Ordnance -

Paid the Commissioners of Transpprtation, and othet?, ifortransporting Forces during the late War, and Home, at the Conclusion of it, Pact, of which is, and the Remainder matt be, accounted for -

Payments to Moiifieur Van Schuylenberg'far Money adwanced»andlentfor, the.JatefKing’8 Service, and for Interest and Exchange thereof; the greatest.Part of which being, paid typon 'Warrants, or Acquittances, not expressing the ^Services for which the.£une was-pa|4* and Mr. Fflii Schux/lenberghaving, by Acknowledgments under his Hand, made nimself accountable for aconsiderable Part' thereof; the fame is, by.'the Dpaughtof thePravySeal, directed to be allowed, in case it shall appear to have been paid1 for the Service of the War

569»593 *6 1*

A2t8,02 6 10 4

»7

10,9146 ,13

3

A

yiUO.87 — 1

*5 lIQi

Total - - - £.3^856,048 10 -1 of

Vol. 17.

3»

That

246

28' M

A.

1712,

Public Money »c-counted for.

That the Committee.haviugexaminedthe Allowances aft offensively against France, in Concurrence with her craved by the late Earl of Ranelagh, as Paymaster of her Allies: and, being under the deepest Concern for the Majesty’s Forces, and which are contained in a Draught dangerous Consequences which must arise from thence ofa Privy Seal, are satisfied that the Payments have been to the common Cause, do, with all Humility, beseech her actually made; and that the several Acquittances were Majesty, That speedy lnfiruftions may be given to her produced for the same to the Auditors of her Majesty’s General in Flanders to prosecute the War with theut-Imprefts: And it appearing by the said Draught of a most Vigour, in Conjunction with her Allies; as the belt

Privy Seal, That several Sums therein contained are chargeable upon divers Persons, who are to render an Account for the said Sums; against whom no Process can issue, until the said Account of the said Earl of -lagh is passed; are of Opinion, That the said Earl of Ranelagh has an equitable Claim to the Allowances of the fame.

And, as to the other Obstructions, the Committee do find,

That the Executrix of Sir Thomas Littleton, late Treasurer oi the Navy, has delivered in her Account 1706; which is ingrossing, and almost ready for Declaration:

Means to obtain a safe and honourable Peace for her Majesty, and all of them; and to quiet the Minds of her People, who cannot but be extremely apprehensive of the fatal Consequence of such a Division.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yea,

Tellers for tire Noes, { aZf

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House hath an entire Confidence Resolution

73-]203-

She has also delivered herLeidger Accounts, 1707 and in her Majesty’s most gracious Promise to communicate that House 1708; which are under Examination; but cannot be to her Parliament the Terms of the Peace before the perfected for want of the voluntary Charge, Imprest same shall be concluded: And that they will support her Majesty. Roll, and Payments, on Ships Books: Majesty in obtaininganhonourableandfafePeace against

That Mr. Walpole has also delivered in his Leidger all such Persons, either at Home or Abroad, who have Account for the Year 1710; which is drawn and in- endeavoured, or shall endeavour, to obstruct the fame, grofled, and may soon be ready for Declaration: Resolved, That the said Resolution be laid before her

That Samuel Atkinson and Nicholas Roope Esquires, Majesty by the whole House. late Commissioners for Transportation, have delivered Ordered, That such Members of this House as are in their final Accounts of Money received during the of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council do present War, 'wherein they Demand several Allowances humbly kriow her Majesty’s Pleasure when the will be in Discharge of the Sum of £.59,000, which remained attended by this House. to be accounted for the last Session of Parliament; which is under Examination.

They have also an Account of the late War in Flanders, from the Year 1692, amounting to £.358,124 17 s.5 d: The Calli Part of which, to wit, Receipts

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at South Se* Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Company‘ the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for con-

and Payments of Money, is made up, and ready to tinuing the Trade to the South Seas, granted by an Act be laid before the Lord Treasurer: of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for

That Walter Whitfeild Esquire, late Paymaster of the making good Deficiencies; and forfatisfying the Publick

Marines, has delivered in his Account for a Year, to Debts; and for erecting a Corporat ion to carry on aTrade Christmas 1708; which is under Examination: to the South; and for Encouragement of the Fishery;

That Captain Thomas Savery has delivered in his and for Liberty to trade in unwrought Iron with the

Accounts for Three Years, to 30th of June 1711; which are under Examination:

That Mr. Micklethwaite, in his Account for a Year, to Michaelmas last, which is made up for Declaration, has paid out of the Money issued to him, to Christmas 1710, the Sum of£.35,994 19s. id.

The several Sums, for which "

Accounts are so adjusted, do a-mountto the Sum oi^.8,159,581 is. 8 id.;which, with the Sum of

£ 6,133,571 15*. 2 id.does, in the

Whole, amount to the Sum of

Resolved, That if it shall appear to her Majesty, by

14,293,15*

*7

d.

nf

Subjects of Spain; and to repeal the Acts for registering Seamen; although the capital Stock of the said Corporation should be redeemed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, after the said Committee, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining several Clauses in an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of the Sufferers of the Islands of Nevis, and St. Christopher's, by reason of the Invasion

of the French there, in the Year 1705.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- East Indi ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Imports.

Sufferers in Nevis and St. Christophers.

the proper Officers, That the Payments have been ac- House, upon the Bill for the better ascertaining and tually made for which Mr. Bnjdges, Paymaster of her securing the Payments to be made to her Majesty, for Majesty’s foreign Forces, craves Allowances, and which Goods and Merchandizes to be imported from the

1 ' ’ - " r. , and other Places within the Limits of the Char-

ter granted to the East India Company.

are contained in the

Draught

of

a Privy Seal for the Year 1706; and that the Money was applied to the Services for which the same was given; that then the said Paymaster has a Right to such Privy Seal.

Resolved, That if it shall appear to her Majesty, by ....

the proper Officers, That the Payments have been ac- glas. Lieutenant General of her Majesty’s Forces, tually made by the Earl of Ranelagh, deceased, late Paymaster of her Majesty’s Forces, which are contained in the Draught of a Privy Seal, for making him Allowances in his Accounts; and that the Money was applied to the Services for which the same were given; that then the Executors or Administrators of the said Earl of Ranelagh have a Right to such Privy Seal.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- ®oue1;ls»’ ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole cll#t' House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Sir William Dou-

Cumiuittets.

Motion rc-spelking the Conduct of the General in Flanders.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be prefeuted to her Majesty,

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Ordered That Mr. Foley, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Forfter, iiutchinfon Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Bromley, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. '|une Wynn, Mr. Eversfeild, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Mr. °'eineMt-

Aijlaby, Mr. Heytham, Mr. Robarts, Mr. North, Mr.

Bellafis, Mr. Berners, Lord Harley, Mr. Dockminique,

Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Wild, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mon don, be

added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for securing to

humbly to acquaint her Majesty, That her faithful Com- John the Property of a Movement, invented

monsarejuftlyfalarmedat the Intelligences receivedfrom by him, for the more exact Measuring of Time, both in Abroad, That her General in Flanders has declined to Motion, and at Rest, is committed.

And.

11 Ann.

Queen appoints to be attended.

Dr. Phelips thanked.

Supply Bill; Duties on Hide*, &c.

Pvnfent’s

Etiate.

Duke of

Ormond's

Eituie.

30° — 31°

247

And then the House adjourned till Friday the Time being, to compound with George Dixon Doctor in Divinity, as he was Surety for his Father while Receiver General for the County of Somerset, and City

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

of Bristol:And the same was received; and read the

Firli time. '

ifc/?;/m/, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for continuing the Trade, and Corporation East indi«r Capacity, of the united East India Company, although Company, their Fund tliould be redeemed, vyas read the First time.

Resolveed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next ,at South Sea Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Company the whole House, to confuler farther of the Bill for continuing the Trade to the South Seas, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies; and for satisfying the Publick Debts; and for electing a Corporation to carry on a Trade to the South Seas: and for Encouragement of the Filliery; and for Liberty to Trade in unwrought Iron with the Subjects of Spain; and to repeal the

Veneris, 30° die Maii

Anno li* Ann* Regin*, 1712.

PllATERS.

MR. Secretary St. John acquainted the House, That her Majesty having been waited on, humbly to know her Pleasure when Ihe would be attended by this House, her Majesty had been pleased to appoint this Day, at Half an Hour after One of the Clock, at her Palace of St. James’s.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Doctor Phelips, for the Sermon by him preached before this House, Ye llerday, at St. Margaret's, Westmin-

Jler: And that he be desired to print the fame: And that Sir John Packington, Mr. Lloyd, and Mr. Hun-

gerford, do acquaint him therewith.

Mr. Conyerspresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill lor laying several Duties upon Hides, Acts for regidering Seamen; although the Capital Stock Skms, Vellom, Parchment, Starch, Coffee, T.ea, Drugs, {jie faj,j Corporation should be redeemed. 7

Gilt and Silver Wire, and Policies of Insurance, to

raise a yearly Fund, for Satislaction of Orders to the Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- East India Contributors of a farther Sum, of One million Eight ing next> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Imports, hundred thousand Pounds, towards her Majesty’s Sup- House, upon the Bill for better ascertaining and secur-ply: And the same was received; and read the Fird In8 the Payments to be made to her Majesty for Goods time. and Merchandizes to be imported from th Indies,

and other Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the East India Company.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Scobell, Mr. Robitfon, Mr. Pen-darvis, Mr. Ackland, Sir Boucher Wray, Mr. Mana-ton, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Hum. be added to

the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming of a Partition marie between William Pynfent Esquire, and Mary his Wife, John Trevillian Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife,

and their Trustees, of several Manors and Lands in the County or Somerset, was committed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Boston Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Eleaion> Borough of Boston, in the County of be received

upon Tuesday Morning next.

Committer*.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Publication the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Libel*, of that Part of her Majesty’s Message to the House, the 17th of January last, which relates to the great Licence taken in publidling false and scandalous Libels,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow he received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

__________ ______ __________ An ingrossed Bill for making more effectual an Act, Copg’s

passed in the Eighth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, in- EiUue. tituled. An Act for vesting the Edate and Effects of John Coggs and John Dann, Goldsmiths and Partners, in Trustees, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors; anff for determining Differences thereupon: and for

Sabbatiy 310 die Maii;

Anno it* Ann* Regin*, 1712. Praters.

ABI L L to enable James Duke of Ormond, and Charles Earl of Arran his Brother, to convey to her Majesty, the Regalities, Franchises, Liberties, and Jurisdictions, in the County of Tiperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in order to their being extinguished in the Crown; and to enable her Majesty to grant an Equivalent for the fame; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ley, Mr. Millington, Mr. Serjeant Richardson, Mr.

ter, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Renda, Mr. Mr.

Freman, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Campion, Mr. Heysham, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Hen. Johnson, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Earl, Mr. Conyers, Mr. So

the more effectual veding the Estates and Effects of Thomas Pitkin and Thomas llrercwood, dill stunding out, in Trustees, for the Use and Benefit of the Creditors of the said John Coggs and John Dann; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. L. To leave out " with," and insert " without

Pr. L. Before " it," to insert " be:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

,. . - r, , -c. ~ n ,w - D , Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title hcitor General, Sir James Bateman, Mr. Bracebndge, , J. ’ , £effectual an Act uaffed

Mr. Phelipps, Mr. Martyn, Mr. Vernon, M r. Berners,. P- , v \* n > p -V? i,h

Colonel Bj'rln, Sir KJrt Mr. MMycot, Mr.' he

Wirm^ton Mr. Berlin Mr

Lord How, Mr. Smith, Sir Gilbert Dolbeti, Mr. Win-

Dixon's Debt to the Crown.

Stanley, Mr. Gicyn, Sir Bryan Stapleton, General Ecclin, Mr. Corrance: and all that serve for the County of Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Gilbert Dolben presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for Vo L. 17.

and John Dam, Goldsmiths and Partners, in Truflets, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors; and for determining Differences thereupon; and for the more effectual veiling the Estates and Effects of Thomas Pitkin said Thomas Brerewood, still Handing out, in Trustees, for the Use and Benefit of the Creditors of the said John Coggs and John Dann.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Richardson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered

248 $i° Mtiii — Cf JUttii. A. 1712.

Or&eVcd- Thai Mr. hive Lfeave to go t&

the Bdth, for Rfecovtety df his Health.

r

A Message froth the Lords, by Mi*, and Mr.

Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

NorthfWet The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act roads, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the Road

betwixt Horthjtcet, Gravesend, and , in the County of Kent, without any Amendment. Alfa, Highgnte The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hoad 611 °nC for repairing the Highways between Highgate Gate-house, in the County of Jlfiddlesex, and Barnet Block-jhouse; in VheC’dunty df Hertford, Willi an Amendment: To which they defirfe the fcoriciirreiVce of this House.

Arid then the Meftehgers withdrew.

Pvnfent’* A petition df John Pdd'ed EfWdiVe, Was preterited to F.iiate. the Horilfe-, AWA read; setting forth, That the fen depending for coVifiririiri|j ri Partition rii&Ae between liam Pijhfent Efariire, aria Mary his Wife, liah Esquire, riria Eliztibelh his Wife, and their Trustees, of TeVeVal Manors arid La'nds ‘in the County of Sofderfet, Will, as the Petitioner is advised, ‘greatly prejudice, if not defeat, the just ‘detri arid he hath upon the said £state, ir\ case the said. Bill should pass, as it is novy draw/i: And praying, That stich Provision‘maybe made in the said Bill, That it may riot prejudice 'him, or that he mfcy be heard against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be deferred ’to the Consideratrpn of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitkrtier be heard, before the Committee, thereupon, by hisCounfel, if he think fit.

and Silver Wire, arid Rolicie^ of tnfurance, to raise a yearly Fund, for Satisfaction Of Orders to the Contributors of a farther Sum of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, towards her Majesty’s Supply, was, according to Order; read a Second tiriie.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded*, That this House will, upon Monday heXt, at Twelve h Clock; resolve ilself into a Committee of the whole House; Upon the said BUI.

Ordered \That it be alii InfttorAhm to the said Committee, That they dd receive a Ctause fee allowing to Mrs. Ann Trant the Sum of One thousand Pout* hundred Fifty-two Pounds Ten Shillings and Seven Pence Farthing, out Of the Army Debentures that were made ori’t t6 Cotorifel Rice, with Interest for the fame, from the ioth Day of ‘O’&o'ber 1706, according to the Resolu-ttoh ‘of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the said An'rte Tr'd'nt Was referred, which was agreed unto by the House the 25th Day of March last.

Ordered, That Mri. Murray have Leave to make a Support of Motion, it being after One of the Clodk. Scotch

And he inched accordingly. Ejrifcopai

‘Resolved, That an humble AdArefs be presented to *rKy* her Majesty, That tire will be pteased to dpply the Rents of the late Bishops Ijxnds 'th North Britain, that remain

in the GrOwn, for the Support of facto of the fepffcopal Clergy there, as shall take the Oaths to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Addrdfs be preferfted to her Mtyefly.hfy such Mfembers’of this MOtffb as -are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Queen’# Answer to Resolution.

ThnnJE* on Answtr.

African

Trade.

Mr. Speaker rejirirfed, That lie, with the Doufe, did Ydfterdky attend her Majesty, and humbly presented to her the Resolution of the Hotife, of Wean fday last: And that thereunto her Majesty was pleated to 'give

this most gracious Answer; viz.

Gentldmen,

I thank ydu most heartily:fdr this Resolution, Which is’dutiful to me, honest to our’ChUhti*y, Wild Very feaw sonable at this ’ tribe, wtion so trihhy Artifidesriretited

‘And fodh 'the ‘House 'adjourned till Monday Moifling, ^Jirie o'f the Clock.

niqnm,

hume, 20 die

*AhnO Ti* Atlirife Regitfte, '171 a.

__________ Praters.

to obstruct. a good'Peace, hr to fbrde Oiled ifedvriritrigls- t), Thdt -all Committees be revived.

/Mic fn RnV/iifi

Committed.

ous to Great Britain.

1Refolved, That Ibe^hvimbTe if hanks pfthis*House be 'r^tdrried to her Majesty for Her said -most gracious

‘Xiiflter.. v . s

Ordered, That the same be returned, by fiteh Members of this House as are other Majesty’s most honourable Trlvy Council.

Ordered, That the ingibffed Bill Tor establtihlrig-a

An ingrafted Bill from the-Lords, -intituled, An Act Sale of Lands for vetting several -Lands -in Netherex, " Nether*,

and TTiorvertbn, lh*the‘Cobrity '6( ttevo)i, in Trustees, &c* to be sold, for the Purposes therein -mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm.

Pole, Sir Gilbert DbSten, ‘Mr.'Sheppard, *Mr. VinCent,

Sir Geo.-Nezoltrtnl,'Mr.'MedfyCot, ^>ir’fPtn. Withers, Sir

Leave of Absence.

African

Company's

Creditors#

Trade to Africa in a regulated CdAipiiiy, be I'dad the Robert Davdrs, Mr.^ Mr. 'Colonel

Ttrird timenporiTUefdayMbrtlihgrie'xt, in'a'frill1 Horise. Stephens, Mr.'HeyjUam, Mr. Siiell,- Mr. Mr.

Ordered, That Mr. Bank, have Leave to go into the Bryan

'CoWtty,'Kr*toveV of his'Health.

A Motion being*shade,1 and the Qoiftirin Wing!put, IMr. 'Mr.

That the ingrafted Bill for making effectual such Agrrie- Slr Ifin. Bdugltt&n, M r: Gakld, £\t*Geo. &Mhem, Mr. ments as shall be thatie!betWeen the TfoyAl 'African~ -

jContpany of England,' and :thei rCred itors, be VftW the Third time upon Monday Morning next* it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said' Bill be1 read the ThMbtime apon Tuesday Morriiagnext.

Sufferers in Nevis and St. Christopher's.

Refolded, That this House'Will,’ upon*'MffdtfthfMsftn* trig next, resplve.itself into a Crimriaitteerif the whole House, upon ,the Bill foi* explaining several CHfthfes^in an Act, pasted the last Session -of PaHiatneftt/'for sche , Relief of the SuffarerS of the ifldnds'of Abm'ttttd-'iSW/if phriflopher, by redfein of 'the* fnvdfion '"oT the-'AVitocA there in the Year 1705.

The Bjll for laying several Duties-apdn Hides;'Skins, Dut.es #n vdlom, Parchment, Starch, Coffee, Tea, ©Fugs,' Gilt

22

Supply Bill;. Duties «n Hides, &c.

ShackerlOy, SxrEdxbard Eddie, Mr. Gtitfbk, 'Mr. Fie-ipan: - And 'Oil *fltat fmefair "the Counties of Dertm, CprnataU,'urid 'Sbmerfbt: Arid 'thOywre' to moot ’this Aftetricwm at-FiveM dock, mAhe Speaker’s1Chamber.

A Bill'tt) enable! the Lord- HlglvTreaforer of Gttat Dixons Britain, Or GOirimiffioitfers-of -the Trtaiufy, Tor -the D«bttoih« ..Tiqffe b^iag, so compOun'd*wrtl# George Dixon Doritor in Crown. Divinity, as'be. was^Sarety fbr"Ms Frit her W hileRe-peiver General- for tfife'Godhty’of^ Sdtkerf'awd'Vfhe C^y of Bristol; was read1 a-Second trine.

Resolved, That-the* Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the-BHlfjeeOmaritted to a-CoWiwit-tee of the whole House.

; Rtfbloed, ’Thht ’ this' Hohfe1 will,' upon ‘Wednesday 3 riext.'kt'T Wetve Of the Cloiik'rblolVe i'tself into aCom--‘nritrte’bf1 thri*^hble‘ House/ upOri the said Bill.

A Bilt

East Tndik

Utupany.

»:otiati©ns l»r Prrlimi-tanes of P<uf«.

Tntfft

} i$ht of Irade.

South Sea Company.

Dowlas*

HcLci.

*"Mv Bill; Duties on W*, etc.

ii Ann. 2° Jum249

A Bill for continuing the Trade, and Corporation Capacity, of the United East India Company; although thei r Fund should be redeemed, was read a Second time.

Hc/blved, That the Bill be committed.

He joked. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Addressbe presented to her Majesty, That. Ihe will be pleased to order an Account to be laid before this House of the Negotiation and Transactions relating to the Articles preliminary to the Treaty of a general Peace, in 1709: And also an Account of the Negotiation and Transactions at -

denburgh; and who were employed as her Majesty’s Plenipotentiaries in transacting those Negotiations.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Poof London, Merchant,

is referred, be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The II ouse resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for continuing the Trade to the South Seas, granted by an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies; and for satisfying the publick Debts; and for erecting a Corporation to carry on a Trade to the South Seas; and for Encouragement of the Fishery; and for Liberty to trade in uinvrought Iron with the Subject? of Spain; and to repeal the Acts for regifiering Seamen; although the capital Stock of the said Corporation should be redeemed.

Mr. Speaker left, the Chair.

Sir Gilbert Dulbentook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

' Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Sir William Douglas, Lieutenant General of her Majesty s Forces.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying several Duties upon Hides, Skins, Vellom, Parchment, Starch, Cotfce, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and Silver Wire, and Policies of In finance, to raise a yearly Fund, for Satisfaction of Orders to the Contributors of a farther Sum, of One Million eight hundred thousand Pounds, towards lior Majesty’s Supply:

A Petit ion of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Tanners, in the City of Chefi was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That, notwithstanding the good Law now in Force against the engrossing of Oaken Bark, without which the Petitioners cannot exercise their Trade, the Petitioners find themselves much aggrieved by the late Exportation of great Quantities of Oaken Bark from England and Wales into Ireland-, by

reason whereof the u fual I mportation of raw Hides from Ireland into England, to be manufactured here; and the Exportation of Engl jh tanned Leather into foreign Parts; and, byConsequence, the Duties payable to her Majesty for fuel) Leather manufactured here; and the Customs for fuel) Importation and Exportation respectively; are very considerably lessened: And the Petitioners, by reason of the Scarcity of Oaken Bark in these Parts, labour

Vol. 17.

under very great Difficulties and Discoaragement in the Exercise of their said Trade; which will ltill be more sensible, in case of any Increase of the Duties upon Hides: And praying, that some Provision may be made,' whereby to prevent the future Exportation of Oaken Bark out of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying several Duties upon Hides, Skins, Vellom, Parchment, Starch, Coffee, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and Silver Wire, and Policies of In finance, to raise a yearly Fund,' for Satisfaction of Orders to Contributors of a farther Sum, of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, towards her Majesty’s Supply, was committed.

A Petition of Nicholas Churchman, 'Fanner, M after of the Company of Tanners in the City of , and [Falter Chapman, Thomas Warren and John Scott, of the fame, Tanners, on behalf of themselves, and other the Tanners in and about the said City, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth. That the People up-

on the having our English Bark imported thither, have, for the most Part, declined to fend their raw Hides to England, and keep and tan the same at home with our Bark; and, through the Cheapness of their Leather, and paying no Duty, as is done in England, have drawn great Numbers of our Merchants, and of foreign Ships, to buy up their Cargoes of Leather in Ireland for foreign Markets; and are in a fairWay toengrofs the whole Tan Leather Trade: That such Exportation of our Bark doth tend very much to the lowering the Price of English Hides and Bark here, in regard that, England producing more Hides than our Home Consumption of Leather takes off, the Overplus is now left upon Hand, for want of our Merchants, and foreign Ships, taking the same off for foreign Markets, as they used to do before such Exportation of Bark j and by diverting, for that Purpose, t o Ireland, which they did not ule to do before; and, such Overplus thereby tying upon Hand in England, the Tanners in England do not drive half the Trade in Tanning, that they' used, before such Exportation, to do; which hath already occasioned the Fail-ling of the Price of Bark here, no leis than about Fifteen Shillings per Ton; as also a consideralde Fall in the Price 6f our Hides: That, by the Ruin or Decay of the said Trade, there will, in all Likelihood, be a consideralde Deficiency in the Tax lately laid upon Leather: That, on the contrary, the not Exporting of our Bark to Ireland, will recover and keep the Tanning Trade here; and tend very much to advance it, by regaining the Merchants, and foreign Ships, to buy their Cargoes of Leather here, for foreign Markets: And praying, That a Stop may be put to the farther Exportation of English Bark.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying several Duties upon Hides, Skins, Vellom, Parchment, Starch, Coffee, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and Silver Wire, and Policies of Insurance, to raise ayearly Fund, for Satisfaction of Orders to the Contributors of a farther Sum, of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, towards her Majesty’s Supply', is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do receive a Clause to prohibit the Importation of Gold and Silver Thread, Lace, and Fringe, and other Works made thereof j and of all Gold and Silver wrought up with Silks.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do receive a Clause to prohibit the Use of Lime, Alabaster, Stone, Plaster of Paris, Chalk, Whiteing, and Marble-dust, in making Powder for Hair.

Then t he Hou fe resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they

had made some ProgreCs in the Bill, and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

3 S Resolved,

East India Imports.

Sufferers in Nevis and St. Christopherf.

Remittances for foreign Service.

Places where Journals, &c. are kept.

Duke of

Ormond’s

Bftate.

250

2 — 3

A. 1712.

Resolved, That ,tlps House will, upon Wednesday Morn in ? next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

The House resolved itself rnfo a Cofnmittee of the whole House, upon the Bill fof better afcetlairting and securing the Payment's to be made to Hfef Majesty, for Goodi and Merchandises to be imported frdm the Raft Indies, and other Placed within the Limits of thd Charter granted to the East Indict Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mt. Huiigetfort tohfe the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refutiied the Chdir.

Mr. Hungerford repbrted frbtn the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill; arid made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed himto report, wheh the HOufe Will please to receive the ftuhe.

Ordered, that the Repbrt be received upon Wednesday Morning hext.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining several Clauses ip an Act; passed the last Session of Parliament; for the Belief of the Sufferers of the lllands of Nevis and Christopher, by Reason of the Invasion of the French there, in the Year 1705.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr., Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received upon Wednesday next.

And then the house adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 3° 5

Anno

if

Annae Reginm, 1712. Prayers.

qRDERED, That the Accounts shewing whit Re-. mittances of Money have been made Abroad for the foreign Services, during this present War; and at Svhat Rates, and upon what Terms and Conditions, the said Remittances have been made; which have been laid before this House; be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

The House being acquainted, That the Places where

Jhe Journals, Records, and Papers, belonging to the lonfe, and in the Care and Custody of the Clerk, are very strait and inconvenient, since the great Additions made to them of late Years, by theconllant annual and long Sessions of Parliament;

Ordered, That John Manley Esquire, her Majesty’s Purveyor General, do consider of some more convenient Place near this House, to be set apart for the keeping the Journals, Records, and other Papers, belonging to this House; and report the same to this House.

Mr. Aimeftey reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to enable James Dake of Ormond, and Charles Earl of Arran, his Brother, to convey to her Majesty

the Regalities, Franchises, Liberties, and Jurisdictions, in the County of Tiperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in order to their being extinguished in the Crown; and to enable her Majesty to grant an Equivalent for the fame; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true,: and that they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second

time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House:

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act VyneKn to veil several Lands and Tenements, in the County of k'1*1'-Warwick, the Ellate of Thomas Vyner, late of Ethrop, in the said County, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees; and to enable them to fell Part thereof, for discharging several Debts and Incumbrances thereon; and to raise a pre-

lent Provision for his Son and Heir, an Infant, and the

rest of his Children; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Rracebridge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath' agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Lord William Powlett reported from the Com- Mo°rt« mittee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Ellate of Francis Moore Esquire, in the County of Wills, for discharging an Incumbrance; and for providing a Portion for his only Daughter; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Cotton reported from the Committee, to whom I^gacie* k the Bill for the more eafv Recovery of small Gifts and Legacies given to pious and charitable Uses, was com-. es* mitted; That they had madefeveral Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House;

Rnd he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Person or Persons shall have any Power or Authority to inquire or determine concerning any charitable Gift, as aforesaid, in the Diliribution of which he or they Are, or have been, afny way concerned, or which is issuing out of his or their Ellate, or does any way charge or affett the same:

And the same was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That neither this Att, nor any thing therein contained, shall be any way prejudicial or hurtful to the Jurisdiction of the Ordinary; but that he may freely exercise the same in all Causes, and execute all such Powers as he might have done, if this Att had not been made:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Que£» tion put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; Line 7. to leave out " City, or Town Corporate

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned until Thurs

day next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- MatheV? ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Peot10 House, to consider of the Petition of Job . ro*n‘

The Orders of the Day being read;

Mr. Freman reported from the Committee of Privir Bolton leges and Efettions, the Matter, as it appeared to them,- tl*euau-touching the Elettion for the Borough of , in -the County

ii Ann.

3° Junii.

*5*

County of Lincoln, and the Resolutions of the Com- elected a Bargefs to fenre in this present Parliament for

tnittee thereupon; which they had directed him to re- the said Borough of Boston. port to the House; and he read the same in his Place; The First Resolution being read a Second time;

and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: And a Motion being made, and the Question being

W here they were read: And the Report and Resolutions put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the

are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of the honourable Philip Bertie Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of William Cotesworth Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, and Freemen, of the said Borough, resident in the said Borough, and paying Scotland Lot.

That the Poll was thus;

80 for the Sitting Member;

60 for the Petitioner.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel examined Witnesses,

laid Resolution, That William Cotesworth Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Boston, in the County of j

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J Tellers for the Noes 5 ^r*

V

'I Mr. Ro:

So it paired in the Negative.

93-

94*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebar and Mr. Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

They have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale May's to prove’ill Practices on behatf of the Sitting Mem- of some Part of the real Estate of MaV Esquire, EiUte.

ber, and to take off 16 of his Voters; vi:

Cha. Cheney said. That Eight of those Voters; viz. Anthony Ea/lwood junior, George William

Wharton, William Rn/hland senior, Daniel Coppin, John Graunt, John Truefdale, and Joseph Thor&ld, are charged in the Rates to Church and Poor, and have been so

deceased, for Payment of his Debts j and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Quakers continuing an Act, intituled, An Act, That the folenm Affirmation Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers

charged for Three Years last, but were not able to pay; 1118,1 be accepted, instead of an Oath in the usual Form; and they never did pay, except for the Year 1711, and To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

then they paid but Two or Three Days before the Election: And,

That Two others; viz. Edward Claxton, and Anthony Eajiwood senior; are not charged in the Church and Poor Rates.

That John Western said. He voted for the Sitting Member to oblige his Mother-in-law, who maintained him; and had Money owing her upon Account of the Sitting Member’s last ELeftion, which would otherwise be loft.

Tlio. Cheney said, Robert Darnell told him, That, for his Vote for the Sitting Member, Mr. Clarkson the Sitting Member’s Agent, in the Morning of the Election Day, cleared him of a Bond he had given to pay £.12 a Year to his Mother-in-law, to satisfy a considerable Debt he owed ber; otherwise he would have voted for the Petitioner: And,

That John Ellis said. He voted for the Sitting Member, because Clarkson nromifed he should be no Loser by his Mare’s being hurt by hard riding to , on

Occasion of disputing the last Election.

Henry Whaddon said, That the Night before this Election, James Adams declared, He mud vote for the Sitting Member, because lliere was £.10 spent at his House, on the Sitting Member’s Account, at the former Election; and he did not know how to get the Money.

Peregrine Wood said. That, since this Election, Matthew Bonner told him. That the Reason he now voted for the Sitting Member was, because there was £.15 owing to him, upon Account of the Sitting Member’s former Election; which he should lose, unless he voted, at this Election, for the Sitting Member.

Cheney Hullam said. That Henry Clark told him. He voted, at this Election, for the Sitting Member, to get his Daughter-in-law £7 which was spent at her House, at the lormer Election, by Order of the Silting Member’s Agent; otherwise that Money would be loft.

That the Sitting Member’s Counsel infilled the Petitioner bad not invalidated this Electiou: And called, Tho.Kidd: Who produced the original Poor Rate for 1711, wherein Edward Claxton is charged.

That the Committee came to these Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That William Cotesworth Esquire, is not duly elected a BurgeCs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee of Publication the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of of Libels, that Part of her Majesty’s Message to this House, the 17th of January last, which relates to the great Licence taken in publishing false and scandalous Libels, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’sTable: Where they were read; and are as follow j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

That the great Liberty taken in printing and publishing false, scandalous, and impious, Libels, creates Division among her Majesty’s Subjects; tends to the Disturbance of the publick Peace, to the Increase of Immorality, Profaneness, and Irreligion; and is highly prejudicial to her Majesty, and her Government.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Want of a due Regulation of the Press is a great Occasion of the said Mischief.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Printing Prefies be registered, with the Name* of the Owners, and their Places of Abode.

Resolveed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That to every Book, Pamphlet, and Paper, which shall be printed, there be set the Name, and the Place of Abode, of the Author, Printer, and Publisher, thereof Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Bookseller, or other Person, shall fell or disperse any Book, Pamphlet, or Paper, to which the Name, and Place of Abode, of the Author, Printer, and Publisher, shall not be set.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Reib-lutions: And that Sir Gilbert , Sir Thomas

Powys, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Conyers, and Mr, Hungerford, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingossed Bill for establishing a Trade to Africa in a regulated Company, was read the Third time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That any Body Politick or Corporate shall have the same Freedom of Trade to Africa, withia the Limits aforesaid, as any other Member of the Com-.

African

Trail*.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, pany hereby established may Or can have: And that any That the honourable Philip Bertie Esquire, is not duly such Body Politick or Corporate may depute, under their Vol. 17» Common

African

Company’s

Creditors.

Powell's Right of Trade.

South Sea Company.

A liftin'* Mate.

252 30 — 4* JutoiL

Common Seal, their Secretary, Treasurer, or any other Person, who, on Payment of Fifty Pounds, ilia.ll be admitted a Member of the Company hereby established, and may t rade and act for and on the behalf of such Body Politick and Corporate, as any other Member of the said Company can or may lawfully do:

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; and amended; and the Blank filled up.

And the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 11. L. 3. after " Corporate," to insert " other " than the Corporation of the Governor and Company " of the Bank of England.:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pafsj

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teners for,l,eYea,f"^-. } 63.

Tellers for ,,e Noes, } 6*

So it passed in the Negative.

An ingrafted Bill for making effectual such Agreement as shall be made between the Royal African Company of England, and their Creditors, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making effectual such Agreement as shall he made between the Royal African Company of England, and their Creditors.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John , Merchant, was

referred, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Trade to the South Seas, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies; and for satisfying the publick Debts; and for erecting a Corporation to carry on a Trade to the South Seas; and for Encouragement of the Fishery; and for I.iberty to trade in unwrought Iron with the Subjects of Spain; and to repeal the Acts for registering Seamen; although the Capital Stock of the said Corporaiionftiould be redeemed; was committed; be received upon day next, after the adjourned Debate upon the Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Gifts and Legacies given to pious and charitable Uses.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 4.0 die 'Junti;

Anno ii* Annse Rrginoe, 1713.

Pray e r s.

R. Bulteelreported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Inheritance of the Manor of Court-at-Week, and divers other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, for payment of the Debts and Legacies of Sir Robert Aujiin Baronet, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to

report to the House'; and he refid the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 37. Fill the Blank with "Robert

L. 39. Fill the Blank with " Robert" and, in the same Line, leave out the Word " and,

inliead thereof, insert " Weston

Pr. 6. L. ult. Leave out " find Two," and, insert " several and after " Farmes," leave out all to the Word " mentioned," in Press the 7th, Line the First:

Pr. 7. L. 2. Fill the Blank with "

L. 4. The same Amendment:

L. 14. Leave out the Word " Two."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. William Pole reported from the Committee, to Sale of whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Lands in Act for vesting several Lands in - Nttherex&ci

ton, and Thorverton, in the County of Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed. That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Coin, mittee had directed him to report the Bill la the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the fume in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Thomdo. or uniting the Parish Churches of Thorndon and Ingrave, Fanth. in the County of Essex, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Comins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the jj-h(,ate t# Amendment, made ’ey the Lords', to the Bill, intituled, Whetiioa* An Act for repairing the Highways between Highgate Load. Gatehouse, in the County of Mand Barnet Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as follows; viz.

In the Title, Line 2. After " High," to insert(<gate."

Ordered, That Mr. Berners do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Mr. Bulteel, according to Order, reported from the Powell’* Committee, to whom the Petition of John of Light of

London, Merchant, was referred, the Matter, as it ap- Tr‘*d*' peared to them j which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That it appeared to this Committee, by the East India Company’s Stock Ledger of separate Stock, That the Petitioner Mr. John Powell, in the Year 1698, advanced £.3,700 towards raising the Sum of Two millions, on the Credit of an Act of Parliament; whereby the Trade to the East Indies was for ever granted to the Contributors, unless at anytime, upon Three Years Notice, after Michaelmas 1711, the same should be redeemed, upon Repayment by Parliament of the said Sum of Two millions unto the respective Contributors of the fame.

That it further appeared, upon reading Part of the Act of the 9th and 10th of William the llld, for granting a free Trade to the East Indies, That a free Trade was granted to all the Contributors of the said Two millions; with Liberty, to such as though fit, to unite their Stock, and trade jointly; which they all did, except fomofew Persons, whole Stock amounted to £.23,000.

That the Petitioner did not enter it)to Hie Joint Stock Company; but continued on the separate Establishment,

granted

u Ann. 4 a Jnnii253

granted by the said Act, as appeared by the Stock Ledger of separate Stock, and Book of Entries of fe pa rate Trade: And the Petitioner had, by the said Act, Liberty, upon paying Five per Cent, on the gross Sale at the Candle, to the Joint Stock Company, if such there should be, to trade yearly for the Sum he should advance.

That it farther appeared, by an Extract from the Company’s Books, which was admitted as well by the Officers who attended at the Committee for the Com* pany, as by Mr. Pozveil, That from the Year 1698 to Michaelmas 1706, lie had been allowed to enter and export, to the full Value of his capital Stock, and Licences which he purchased; and that he had sometimes shipped off in the following Year, any Part of his capital Stock, or Licence, which had been either omitted, -or refuted, in the former Year r

For Example:

Between Michaelmas 1698 and 1699, he purchased ft Licence from Mr. Staines, for £1,000; which, together with his capital Stock of£ 3,700, amounted to£ 4,700; at which time, upon some Dispute between the Company and him, Mr. Staines' Licence was rejected; and be gave Licence, and shipped off but £ 3,700: But, in the next Year, when his Stock and Licence amounted to but £5,200, lie appears to have given Licences for £6,200; which was allowed; so that the £ x,oooo refuted in the preceding Year, appears to be shipped ofl^ and carried in to the Account of the susbequent Year; vis. between Michaelmas 1699 to Michaelmas 1700 ’:

From Michaelmas 1700 to Michaelmas 1701, his capital Stock and Licence purchased from Mr. Staines, amounted to £ 4,700 when he shipped off nothing: But in the following Year, from Michaelmas 1701 to Michaelmas 1702, when his Stock and Licence amounted but to£ 10,700, he appears to have shipped off£r 5,396*. t&s. to d.; the lad Years Trade being allowed in this: From Michaelmas t jot to Michaelmas 1706, Mr. Powell was admitted to his Entries, and exported- accordingly; Bot, between Michaelmas 1706- and1 Mi-chaelmas 1707, upon Mr. Powells Application to the Company for an Entry of his capital Stock of £ 3,700; viz. by Licence to one Jackfi for £ 500, and, on his own Account, in Goods, to the Value of £ 3,200, the Company allowed Jackson; but, as Mr. Powell fays, reftifed to admit his Entry.

To prove that the Company refhfed to admit the Pe* titioner’s Entry of Gbods, to the Value of £3,200, on Wednesday ttre' 24th of September *707; the Petitioner called,

Mr. John Extan, now a Notary Publick, hut at that time only a Servant to a Notary: Who produced a Copy of the said Entry; and said, that he attended with the Petitioner, when he demanded such Entry to be made, at the Court of Directors; and offered to-take the Oaths, according to the Act of Parliament, before Sir Thomas Cooke, and several Directors of the New Company; at which time the Petitioner was told. That they did not deny him the Right of Entry; but that the said Entry was not right:

That, the Petitioner then applying to Mr. William Steward, one of the Trullees for the Purpose aforesaid, he told the Petitioner, He could not make the said Entry, being but One; whereas all Entries were tube made by Two Directors: That the Petitioner afterwards applied fmnself to several of the Members- of the Company, which he named; viz. Mr. Samuel Sir

Gilbert*, Mr. Edward Allem Mr. Francis Kyles, Mr. Gosse, Mr; Lijle, Mr. Sir Cha. Peeres, Sir

Thomas Cooke, and Mr. who att refttfed ad-

mitting his Entry; alleging the same was* not legal, because Part of the Goods entered here wes to be taken on board at Lisbon, or at the Maderas; which could not be done within the Time limited’.

But the Committee, upon inspecting the Company’s separate Stock Books, find. That, among other Instances,

there were Entries made of i/im Pieces of Eight, besides Wines and Brandy; in all, to the Value of £ r,2oo; to Vo.L. 17-

be taken in at the Canaries, on the Ship Gotfright, the p, aid September 1699; as also of £ 426 worth of Wine, R on the Ship At rubella, taken in likewise at the Moderns, T

in 1711:

The Entry, which Mr. Powell would have made on the Mary, Christopher Goately Master, between Michael-

mas 1706, and Michaelmas 1707, consisted of these Particulars following j £ d.

Iu Lead, to the Valae of - - - 323 1 —

To take in at Lisbon, or at the Maderas,

Wines, to the Value of - - - - too ——

Foreign Silver, as much as can be purchased for ----- *2,776 19 —

Total - - £ 3,100 ——

Mr. Gilbert, one of the Secretaries of the said Company, laid, That it was the Company’s Intention to admit Mr. Powell's Entry; and that he was also dhrested by the Company to* fend a Letter to him, for that Purposej which be did on the 25th Sep, being Thursday; and that, the Petitioner not attending till Saturday in the Afternoon following, Two of the then Directors were not to* be found; and, the Tune elapfiflg on the Monday following, such Entry was not made;

To which Exlon said, That Mr. Pozoell's Absence was occasioned by his not being well, and in the Country:

And Mr. Pozcell said. He waited all Saturday in ... Afternoon, at Skinners-hall, in Obedience to their Letter; but could find no Directors for that Purpose;but, could be have found any of the Directors, then his Entry most have been of no Use to him; because it had been impracticable to have entered, and shipped off, his Goods, between that Saturday the Ijfeh, and Monday the 29th, September; which was the Time limited for Entering and Shipping, as alledged by the Company.

That it appeared likewise so the Committee, That when, about Fdtrr Years finee, the united Stock Company obtained a longer Term of Years for that Trade, upon their advancing a further Sum of £ 1,200,000, the said Powell did then petition the House of Commons, That be might be admitted to pay Ins proportion of the said Sum: And when the Bill was brought in, whereby his Stock was- to be- gives to the united Company for £ 100 per Cent.though the like Stock at that Time was bought

by the Company at near£ 300 Cent, as appears by the Eutries taken from the' Company’s Books; he then petitioned the House, to be heard, to maintain hi? Property; but was refused:

That Mr. Powell, to luppdrt ftis Right to" tfre Trade, has annually entered, but not flapped* off. His’ capital Stock, in several Ships specJfled, in Cocqfucts, signed by the Commissioners of the Custonls, and the Questrs Duties paid; but, the said Ships being not cleared, there remains unexported, in Trade, to the Valae Of £ 22,200 to which Mr. Powell was infided; including the £3,200 which he was refused to enter between Michael'rttds 1706 and Michaelmas 1707: and likewise including, his capital Stock for the present Year; the whole being Six Years Trade.

It further appeared to" the' Committee, That, by virtue of a Clause in the said last Act of Parliament, the Company will not only shortly foreclose the Petitioner the Benefit of his Trade, bat also have his Stock at £ too per Cent. -y and accordingly has given Notice thereof in Writing:

That, fmee the last A 6tof Parliament did'oafs, the said Company have bought all the separate Stock, except the Petitioner’s; and £500 more; and the Petitioner offered them his Stock, Upon the feme Terms, as appeared by Copies of several of his Letters so the then Courts of Directors; the Contents whereof wove owned by the Company’s Secretary.

Mr. Gilbert, one of the Secretaries oft he Company, said, That, same timer before the left Act passed, be wueorderedby Two of the Directors, but wot ate Court, tortreat with the Petitioner Mr. Peveil ion the buying

3 T his

C hetwynd's Estate.

Mathews

Estate.

Dixon’s Debt to the Crown.

Supply Bill; Duties on Hides, &c.

Ditto.

254

his Stock of £. 3,700; and offered him £. 10,000 for the same; but, Mr. Powell infilling upon 30,000 Guineas, and resolving not to take less than 20,000 Guineas, the Treaty broke off.

Resolved, That it' appears to this House, That the said Mr. Powell hath made good the Allegations of his Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Mr. Poivell, according to the Prayer of his Petition: And that Mr. , Mr. and

Sir Francis Vincent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orlcbar and Mr. Dormer:

M r. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the real Estate of , foie

Daughter and Heir of John , late of the City of Litc/feild Esquire, and now the Wife of Mr. Walter Chefwynd, for the Performance of Articles on her Marriage, notwithstanding her Minority: To which they defrre the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the relief of George Mathew Esquire, against a Clause in an Act of Parliament, passed in Ireland; whereby several Fines and Recoveries, and a Settlement of his Wife’s Estate, are set aside; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer of Great or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to compound with George Dixon Doctor in Divinity, as he was Surety for his Father while Receiver General for the County of Somerset, and City of Bristol.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Gilbert Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying several Duties upon Hides, Skins, Vellom, Parchment, Starch, Coffee, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and Silver Wire, *and Policies of Insurance, to raise ayearly Fund, for Satisfaction of Orders to the Contributors of a farther Sum, of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, towards her Majesty’s Supply;

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, That they do receive a Clause to explain the Act lately passed, for laying Duties upon Soap, and oth( r things therein mentioned, in such manner that the Makers of hard Cake Soap shall not be obliged to put the fame, upon making thereof, into Calks of such Gage as are prescribed by the Act last mentioned for the Makers of soft Soap.

Ordered, That it bean Inllruftion to the said Committee, That they do receive a Clause for preventing the setting up, or continuing, unlawful Lotteries j and the new invented Offices of Insurances on Marriages, Births, and other Contingencies; and the Offices or Contrivances set up under the Denominations of Sales of Numbers, Gloves, Fans, Pictures, or the like, upon Pretence of improving small Sums of Money; as being prejudicial to Trade and tending to defraud her Majesty’s Subjects.

A Petition of several Curriers, in behalf of themfel ves, and many others, in relation to the Exportation of Hides or Skins ready curried, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by an Act of Parliament, passed last Session, for laying a Duty upon Hides and Skins, it is, amongst other things, enacted, That rough or un-

1712.

dressed Hides and Skins are intitled to a Drawback upon their Exportation; but no Provision is made for allowing any Drawback upon Hides or Skins that are dressed or curried, upon their Exportation; which puts the Petitioners upon a worse Foot than any Branch of the Leather Trade; and is a great Prejudice to the Trade of this Kingdom in general, by reason, whilst Hides or Skins, dressed or curried, could go abroad upon the same Foot as other Goods, few or none rough or undressed Skins were lent; so the whole Manufacturing of the said Skins was preserved to this Kingdom; which, if dressed or curried Skins are not to be intitled to a Drawback, it will be the Ruin of that Trade: And praying, That Hides and Skins, dressed or curried, may be intitled to a Draw-. back upon their Exportation.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying several Duties uponHides, Skins,

Vellom, Parchment, Starch, Coffee, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and Silver Wire, and Policies of Insurance, to raise a-yearly Fund, for Satisfaction of Orders to the Contributors of a farther Sum, of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, towards her Majesty’s Supply.

A Petition of the Spanish Leather-dressers, Tanners,

Curriers, and other Persons concerned in Working and Dressing of Leather, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners lie under very great Difencouragementsfinee the laying on the Duties upon Leather, by reason of the divers Sorts of Things as are made use of for the upper Parts or Outsides of Shoes, instead of Leather; inso much that there are Abundance of ordinary, flight, Shoes made: That no Leather at all is used in the Upper Part or Outsides; to the great Prejudice of her Majesty’s Revenue; and, if not timely remedied, may prove very injurious to the Leather Trade of this Kingdom: And praying. That a Restraint may be put upon the making of Upper Parts or Outsides of Shoes of any thing but Leather, or Silk, or Sattin, or Velvet, or Lace, to prevent the aforesaid Mischiefs that will otherwise happen.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying several Duties upon Hides,

Skins, Vellom, Parchment, Starch, Coffee, Tea, Drugs,

Gilt and Silver Wire, and Policies of Insurance, to raise a yearly Fund, for Satisfaction of Orders to the Contributors of a farther Sum, of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, towards her Majesty’s Supply, is committed.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebar and Mr.

Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lottery to impower the Paymaster of the Million Lottery Ticked, Tickets to pay to Sir William Hodges Baronet, the unPawl-Money due upon Fourteen Tickets in the said Lottery, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Ealt Jodi* whole House, to whom the Bill for the better ascertaining Import*, and securing the Payments to be made to her Majestyfor Goods and Merchandizes, to be imported from the East Indies, and otjier Places within the Limits of the

Charter

4® Juttii.

Sufferers in Nevis aid StChrif-topher's.

EfttU.

Chetwynd's

Estate.

Hillerfdon’s

Estate.

Pynfent'i

Estate.

Lottery

Tickets

unpaid.

ii Ann. 4° — 50

Charter granted to the East India Company, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining several Clauses in an Act, passed (aft Session of Parliament, for the Relief of the Sufferers of the Islands of Nevis and Christopher, by Reason of the Invasion of the French there, in the Year 1705, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovisy 50 diJunii;

Anno it* Annas Reginas, 1712.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of some Part of the real Estate of Baptist May Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the real Estate of Barbara, foie Daughter and Heir of John Goring, late of the City of Litchfeild Esquire, and now the Wife of Mr. Walter Chetwynd, for the Performance of Articles on her Marriage, notwithstanding her Minority, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Lands in , in the County of Bedford, in John HiUerfdon Esquire, and his Heirs, discharged of several Uses and Estates, to which they are limited; and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, in the same County, to the same Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition made between William Pynfent Esquire, and Mary his Wife, John Trevillian Esquire, and FJizabeth his Wife, and their Trustees, of several Manors and Lands, in the County of Somerfwas committed, have

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the Paymaster of the Million Lottery Tickets to pay to Sir William Hodges Baronet, the Money due upon Fourteen Tickets in the said Lottery; And the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

2 Pr. 29 L After " thereof," insert " on a Bill in the Court of Chancery or Exchequer in England, to " which the said Manuel Hen and Jaques -

" quez, or their Representatives, shall be Parties, which " shall be commenced:"

29 and 30 L. Leave out " Three Years from " the Palling of this Act," and insert " Six Months after " the Determination of this present Session of Parliament:"

35 L. Leave out during the said Term of Three Years;"

40 L. After " thereof," insert " as aforesaid:"

3 Pr. 11 L Leave out from " thereto," to the End of the Bill, and insert " as is by this Act directed:"

The Eirft Amendment being read a Second time; several Amendments was proposed to be made thereto; viz.

Vo L. 17.

Jtinii.

L. 4. After " Henriquez," to insert " one of " the Brothers of the said Manuel

L 5. To leave out " commenced," and, instead thereof, to insert " exhibited

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The other Amendments, made by the Lords, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, 'i hat this House hath agreed to the said Amendments, with some Amendments;

To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Legacies for Amendment proposed to be made to the Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Gifts and Legacies, given to pious and charitable Uses:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto. \

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee of South Se* the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Company. Trade to the South Seas, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies; and for satisfying the publick Debts; and for erecting a Corporation to carry on a Trade to the South Seas; and for Encouragement of the Fishery; and for Liberty to trade in unwrought Iron with the Subjects of Spain; and to repeal the Acts for registering Seamen; although the capital Stock of the said Corporation should be redeemed; was committed; the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by oue; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House:

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee, to Dixon'i whom the Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer of Debt to tb* Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for CrowB-the Time being, to compound with George Dixon Doctor in Divinity, as he was Surety for his Father while Receiver General for the County of Somerset, and City of Bristol, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout

The First Amendment, relating to the Sum which the Father was indebted to the Crown, being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, forth. Noes, gfcgj*,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

} 9

j 60.

Resolved, That this Housewill, Tomorrow at Twelve Eart indie

a Clock* Company.

256 5° — 6°

a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Trade, and Corporation Capacity, of the united Company, although their Fond shall be redeemed.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Duties on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Hides, &c. conf1(jer farther of the Bill for layingfeveral Duties upon Hides, Skins, Vellom, Parchment, Starch, Coffee, Tea,

Drugs, Gilt and Silver Wire, and Policies of Insurance, to raise a yearly Fund, for Satisfaction of Orders to the Contributors ofafartherSum, ofOnemillion Eight hundred thousand Pounds, towards her Majesty’s Supply;

Its porting A Petition of the Tanners of in the

Burk. County of Surry, on behalf of themselves, and others of their Trade in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read, against the Exporting of Bark.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the said Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying several Duties upon Hides, Skins, Vellom, Parchment, Starch, Coffee, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and Silver Wire, and Policies of Insurance, to raise a yearly Fund, for Satisfaction of Orders to the Contributors of a farther Sum, of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, towards her Majesty’s Supply, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do receive a Clause to explain the Act of the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, concerning Allowances for Fish and Flesh exported from Scotland-, so that the Charges of keeping the Courts of Session, Justiciary, and Exchequer, in Scotland, may be paid, according to the Intention of the said Act.

The House resolved itself into a Committee.

Mf. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reportedfirom the Committee, That they had made a farther Progressin the Bill; and haddirested him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Fast India Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

Imports, whole House, to whom the Bill for better ascertaining and securing the Payments to be made to her Majesty, for Goods and Merchandizes to be imported, from the East Indies, and other Places within the Limits of the

Charter granted to the East India Company,....

be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sufferers in Sir Robert 'Dai>ersreported from the Committee of

Nevis and the whole House, to whom the Bril for explaining Test. Clinf- reral Clauses in an Act, passed the last Session of Parti >pher». Jiament, for the Relief of the Sufferers of the Islands of

Nevis and St. Chrifophei*, by Reafoo of the fnvafion of the French theres, in the Year 1705, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in afi the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and1 then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questron severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

pynfent's Ordered, That Henry Vincent senior, Henry, Vincent Dilute, junior, Mr. Elfard, Mr. Reynell, Sir Pole, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming of a Partition made between Esquire, and

Mary his Wife, John Trevillian Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and their Trustees, of several Manors and Lands in the County of was committed: And that the Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Junii. A. 1712.

And then the Hottfe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris^ 6° die Junii j Anno it* Ann» Regina, 171a.

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebat

and Mr. Browning;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made Lottery by this House, to the Amendments made by the Lords, Ticlte" to the Bill, intituled, An Act to hnpower the Paymaster UDpaid' of the Million Lottery Tickets to pay to Sir William Hodges Baronet, the Mojiey doe upon Fourteen Tickets in the said Lottery.

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An African Act for making effectual such Agreement as shall be ^omp&ny’i made between the Royal African Company of re

and their Creditors^ without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill to enable James Duke of Ormond, Duke of and Charles Earl of Arran, his Brother, to convey to her Majesty the Regalities, Franchises, Liberties, and a Juristliftions, in the County of T in the Kingdom of Ireland, in order to their being extingoished in the Crown; and to enable her Majesty to grant an Equivalent for the lame; was read the Third time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered, to ba added to the Bill, That all Bills, Answers, and Proceedings, InroR-ments of Deeds, and aft Records, which shall remain or be in the Court of Chancery, in the County of Tipperary, shall, immediately after such Grant, be traitsmitted into the High Court of Chancery of Ireland, and there be kept as other Records are in the said High Court of Chancery: And that all Causes and1 Proceedings shall be also transmitted in like manner as aforesaid: And that all Records of Fines and Recoveries, and1 alt real Actions, in any Court of Law, shall also be tranrsmitted into the Court of Common Pleas at Dablirt: And that all criminal Gaufes shall aWo be transmitted into the Court of Queen’s Bench in Dnblin: Provided that all Judgments and Decrees passed in Tipperary shall remain in force in the Courts to which they are transmitted:

And the same was-thrice read:

And a Motion, being made, and the Question being put, Thai the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the N egative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Aud that the Title be. An Act to Enable James Duke of Ormond, and Charles Earl of Arran, his Brother, to convey to her Majesty the Regalrties, Franchrfes, Liberties, and Jurisdictions, in the County of Tiperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in order to their being extinguished in the Crown; and to enable her Majesty to grant an Equivalent for the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Annefiy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.^ Hnngcrford reported from the Committee of the fndi* whole House, to whom the Bill for better ascertaining ImP°rt*-and securing the Payments to be made to her Majesty for Goods and Merchandizes, to be imported from the East Indies, and other Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the East India Company, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; which he read in his

Place; and afterwards deliveredthe same in atthe Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fererafly put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr.

m Ann.

*57

6° Junii.

pvr,f,nt'» Mr. Bhelips reported Bom the Committer, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act forejoufirming a Partition made between William Pyn-fontKf*)itire, and Mart)his Wife, John Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and their Trullees, of fcvc-ral Manors and Lands in the County of was committed. That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had considered the Petition to them referred, and heard the Petitioner thereupon; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Confederation Tomorrow Morning.

Quake rs Aluroiaiion.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Tint the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act, intituled, An Act, That the fi-Icmn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the ufmil form, he now read;

The ITmfe diiided. The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

57-

168.

CMr. Robin fan, )

{Mr. Bur ridge: j>

Tellers for the Noes, 5^Jr‘ \

T {Mr. }

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill he read upon this Day Fortnight;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Scotch for enlarging the time for the Ministers in Scotland to take the Abjuration Oath, was read the First time. at *’

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, Douglas' at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Belief, of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Sir William Douglas, Lieutenant General of her Majesty’s Forces.

ReJ'olved, that this House will, upon Monday next, East India after the said Committee of the whole House, resolve it- Company, self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Trade, and Corporation Capacity, of the united East India Company, although their Fund should be redeemed.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- May’s tituled. An Act for Sale of some Part of the real Estate of Baptist May El’quire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; be now read the Second time.

The Bill w as read a Second time.

Bill;

Tillies on

Hidit, &.C.

tiinsilcri

0*ing.

Tnrfms

Tltate,

L»rfi

WfAg

l.tute.

Snply Rill;

LliU*.S .>11

The Order being read, for the House to resolve it-self into a.Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for laying several Duties upon Hides, Skins, Vellom, Parchment, Starch, Coffee, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and Silver Wire, and Policies of Insurance, to raise a yearly Fund for satisfaction of Orders to the Contributors of a farther Sum, of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, towards her Majesty’s Supply;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do receive aClaui’e to prevent Frauds in the Duties upon Candles.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Bi owning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time for the Ministers in Scotland to take the Abjuration Oath: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of William Esquire, de-

ceased, for Payment of an Incumbrance thereupon, and a Debt due from the said William Peirfon to her Majesty, as he was Collector of the Customs at Plymouth, without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the time for Sale of Part of the Estate of the Right, honourable Richard Lord of the Kingdom of Ireland, veiled in Trustees by an Act of Parliatnenf, lately passed in the said Kingdom, with some Amendments: To which they d lire the Concurrence of th is House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

----- The House, according to Order, resolved itself

into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for laying several Duties upon Hides; Skins, Vellom, Parchment, Starch, Coflce, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and Silver Wire, and Policies of Insurance, to raise a yearly Fund, for Satisfaction of Orders to the Contributors of a farther Sum of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, towards her Majesty’s Supply.

Vol. 17.

ReJ'olved, That t he Bill be committed to Mr. Hunger, ford, Mr. Bertie, Mr. I.loyd, Mr. Berkley, Sir Robert Davers, Lord Lyon, Mr. Philipps, Sir Wheat, Sir Peter King, Mr. Freman , Mr. Wind for, Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Cotton, Colonel King, Mr. Parolet,

Mr. Treby, M r. Gore, Mr. Manley, Brigadier

Mr. Bracebridge, Sir Tho.Powys, Sir Geo. Few I and.

Sir William Windham, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Page, Mr. Campion, Mr. Smitkjbn, Colonel Godfrey, Mr. Mr.

Anncjley, Mr. Nexvdigate, Lord Wm. Mr.

fianley. Dr. Pajke, Mr. Rerdey, Mr. , Mr.

Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. BeUajyJ'e, Mr. Mr.

Randyll, Mr. Carter, Mr. Jones, Mr. Colonel

Cage, Sir Richard (Jnjlow, Mr. Ha fey. Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Wort ley, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Chomley, Mr.

Bene, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Porter, Mr. Sir Tho.

Travell, Mr. Burfem, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Sharpe, Colonel Morton, Mr. Crojfc; and all that serve for the Counties of F.ffex, Norfolk, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from her Majesty, by Sir William Oldes, Royal Assent Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: 10 Bill*.

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty'.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Bills following; viz.

An Act for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the Road betwixt Northjlcct, Graves, and Rochester,

in the County of Kent:

An Act for repairing the Highway between High-gate Gatehouse, in the County of MiddleJ'cx, and Barnet Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford:

An Act for making effectual such Agreement as shall be made between the Royal African Company of England, and their Creditors:

3 u An

Queen*

Speech.

258 6° junil

An Act for Relief of George Matheio Esquire, agarnft a ClaOfe in An Act of Parliament, passed in,

whereby several Fines and Recoveries, and a Settlement of his late Wife’s Estate, Art set aside:

An Act to tell several Lands dnd Tenements, in the Colinty of ifarwick, the Estate of Thomas Tyner, lat# of Ethrop, in the said County, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees; and to eriable them to fell Part thereof, for dif-eharging several Debts and InCdmbtances thereon; and to raise a present Provision for his Son and Heir, an Infant, and the rest of his Children:

An Act for uniting the Parish Churches of Thortldon And Ingrave, in the county of :

An Act to impower the Phymaster of the Million Lottery Tickets to pay to Sir William Hodges Baronet, the Money due upon Fourteen Tickets in the said Lottery:

An Act for Said of the Estate of William Peirfon Ef-qciire, deceaserl, for payment of ati Incumbrance there-hpon, and a Debt due from the said William Peirfon to her Majesty, as he was Collector of the Customs at Plymouth:

An Act for vesting several Lands in in the County of Bedford, in John Hillerfdon Esquire, and his Heirs, discharged of several Uses and Estates, to which they are limited; and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, in the fameCoUnty, to the same Uses.

And that, afterwards, her Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses: Which being Tong, and to prevent any Mistake in reporting the fame, he had desired, and obtained, a Copy thereof; which be read; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

THE making Peace and War is the undoubted Prerogative of the Crown: Yet. such is the just Confidence I place in you, that, at the Opening of this Session, I acquainted you, That a Negotiation for a general Peace was begun; and afterwards, by Messages, I promised to communicate to you the Terms of Peace, before the same should be concluded.

In pursuance of that Promise, I now come to let you knpw upon what Terms a general Peace may be made.

I need not mention the Difficulties which arise from the very Nature of this Affair; and it is but too apparent, that these Difficulties have been increased by other Obstructions, artfully contrived to hinder this great and good Work.

Nothing, however, has moved me from steadily pursuing, in the First place, the true Interest of my own Kingdoms; and I have not omitted any thing which might procure to all our Allies what is due to them by Treaties, and what is necessary for their Security.

The Afl’uring of the Protestant Succession, as by Law established, in the House of Hanover, to these Kingdoms,

being what I have nearest at Heart, particular Care is taken not only to have that acknowledged in thestrong-eft Terms, but to have an additional Security, by the Removal of that Person out of the Dominions of France, who has pretended to disturb this Settlement.

The Apprehension that Spain and the Indies, might be united to France, was the chief Inducement to begin this War; and the effectual Preventing of such an Union was the Principle I laid down at the Commencement of this Treaty.

Former Examples, and the late Negotiations, sufficiently lliow how difficult it is to find Means to accom-plilli this Work. I would not content myself with such as are speculative, or depend on Treaties only: J infilled on what is solid, and to have at hand the Power of executing what should be agreed.

I can therefore now tell you, That , at last, Is

brought to oiler, That the Duke of Anjou shall, for himself, and his Dcfcendants, renounce for ever all Claim to the Crown of France: And, that this important Article may be exposed to no Hazard, the Performance is to accompany the Promile.

At the same time, the Succession to the Crown Of IS

A. 1712.

France is to be declared, after the present Dauphin, and his Sons, to be in the Duke of Berry, and his Sons; In the Duke of Orleans, and his Sons; and so on to the rest Of the House of Bourbon.

As to Spain and the Indies; the Succession to those Dominions, after the Duke of Anjou, and his Children, is to defeend to such Prince as shall be agreed upon at the Treaty; forever excluding the rest of the House of Bourbon.

For confirming the Renunciations and Settlements before mentioned, it it farther offered, That they shall be ratified in the most strong and solemn manner, both in France and Spain; and that those Kingdoms, as well as all the other Powers engaged in the present War, shall be Guarantees to the fame.

The Nature of this Proposal is such, that it executes itself: The Interest of Spain is, to Support it; and in France, the Persons to whom that Succession is to belong, will be ready and powerful enough to vindicate their own Right.

France and Spain are now more effectually divided than ever: And thus, by the Blessing of God, will a real Balance of Power be fixed in Europe, and remain liable to as few Accidents as human Affairs can be exempted from.

A Treaty of Commerce between these Kingdoms and France has been entered upon; but the excessive Duties laid on feme Goods, and the Prohibitions of others, make it impossible to finish th’13 Work so soon as were to be desired: Care is, however, taken to establish a Method of settling this Matter: And, in the mean time, Provision is made, that the same Privileges and Advantages as shall be granted to any other Nation by France, shall be granted, in like manner, to us.

The Division of the Island of St. between

us and the French having been the Cause of great Inconveniency and Damage to my Subjects, I have demanded to have an absolute Cession made to me of that whole Istand; and France agrees to this demand.

Our Interest is so deeply concerned in the Trade of North America, that I have used my utmost Endeavours to adjust that Article in the most beneficial manner: France consents to restore to us the whole Bay and Straits of Hudson\to deliver up the Island of r±

land, with Placentia; and to make an absolute Celfion of Annapolis, with the rest of Nova Scotia or Accadic.

The safety of our Home Trade will be better provided for by the Demolition of Dunkirk.

Our Mediterranean Trade, and the British Interest and Influence in those Parts, will be secured by the Possession of Gibraltar and Port Malion, with the whole Island of Minorca, Which are offered to remain in my Hands.

The Trade to Spain, and to the West Indies, may, in general, be settled as it was in the time of the tafe King of Spain, Charles the Second; and a particular Provision be made, That all Advantages, Rights, or Privileges, which have been granted, or which may hereafter be granted, by Spain, to any other Nation, shall be, in like manner, granted to the Subjects of Great Britain.

But the Part which we have borne in the Prosecution of this War, intilling us to some Distinction in the Terms of Peace; I have infilled, and obtained, Thai; the Afliento, or Contract, for furnishing the Spanish West Indies with Negroes, shall be made with us for the Term of Thirty Years, in the same manner as it has been enjoyed by the French for Ten Years past.

I have not taken upon me to determine the Interests of our Confederates: These must be adjusted in the Congress at Utrecht; where my bell Endeavours shall be employed, as they have hitherto constantly been, to procure to every one of them all just and reasonable Satisfaction: I11 the mean time, I think it proper to acquaint you, That France offers to make the Rhine the Barrier of the Empire; to yield Brifac, the Fort of Kehl and Landau; and to rafe all the Fortresses, both on the other Side of the Rhine, and in that River.

fc

ti Ann. 6 Jun

As to die Protestant. interest in there will

be, on the Part of France, no Objection to the Re* settling f hereof on the Foot of the Treaty of Wejiphalid.

The Spanish low Countries may go to his Imperial Majesty: The Kingdoms of Naples and , the

Duchy of Milan, and the Places belonging to Spain on the Coastof Tuscany, may likewise be yielded, by the Treaty of Peace, to the Emperor.

As to the Kingdom of though there remains no

Dispute concerning the Celfion of it by the Duke of Anjon, yet the Disposition thereof is not yet determined.

The filtered of the States General, with respect to Commerce, are agreed to, as they have been demanded by their own Ministers; with the Exception only of foms very few Species of Merchandizes j and the entire Barrier, as demanded by the States, in 1709, from France, except Two or Three Places, at most.

As to tlu-fe Exceptions, several Expedients are proposed; and I make no Doubt, but this Barrier may be

to settled, as to render that Republick perfectly secure against any Enterprize on the Part of France-, which is the Foundation of all my Engagements upon this Head will) the States.

The Demands of Portugal depending Oh the Disposition of Spain; and that Article having been long in Dispute; it has not yet been possible to make any considerable Progress therein: But my Plenipotentiaries will now have an Opportunity to assist that King in his Pretensions.

Those of the King of Prussia are such as, I hope, will admit of little Difficulty on the Part of; and my

ntmost Endeavours thall not be wanting to procure all 1 am able to so good an Ally.

The Difference between the Barrier demanded for the Duke of Savoy in 1709, and the Offers now made by France, is very inconsiderable; but, that Prince having so signally distinguished himself in the Service of the common Cause, I am endeavouring to procure for him still farther Advantages.

France has con Tented, that the Elector Palatine shall continue his present Rank among the Electors, and remain in Possession of the Upper Palatinate.

The Electoral Dignity is likewise acknowledged in the House of Hanover, according to the Article inserted, at that Prince’s Desire, in mv Demands.

And, as to the rest of the Allies, I make no Doubt of being able to secure their several Interests.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have now communicated to you not only the Terms of Peace, which may, by the future Treaty, be obtained for my own Subjects, but likewise the Proposals of France for satisfyingOuf Allies.

The former are such as I have Reason to to

make my People some Amends for that great and Unequal Burden, which they have lain under through the whole Course of this War; and I am willing to hope, that none of our Confederates, and especiafly those to whom lb great Accefiions of Dominion and Power are to accrue by this Peace, WiTl envy Britain her Share in the Glory and Advantage of it.

The latter are not yet so perfectly acffePfred as a little more time might have rendered them; but, the Season of the Year making it necessary to put an End to this Session, I resolved no longer to defer couHnuBiearing these Matters to you.

I can make no doubt but you ate all fully persuaded, that nothing wifi be neglected, on my Part, in the Progress of this Negotiation, to bring the Peace to an happy and speedy Issue; and I depend oh your entire Confidence in me, and your chearful Concurrence with me.

.Address on Resolved, Nemirtc confrtidicentc. Tint an humble Ad-

dress be made to trer Majesty, acknowledging her great u CondHcension hi eommunicating the Ternmipon Which a general Peace may be’made; expressling the Satisfaction of this House in What her Majesty has already done, and their entire Confidence in her Majesty’slteady purfaing

Vol. 17.

the true Idterest of her Kingdoms, and in her Majesty’s Endeavours to procure for all her Allies what is due to them by Treaties, and necessary for their Security; and humbly to desire her Majesty, That (lie will be pleased to proceed with the present Negotiations for the obtaining a speedy Peace.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address upon the said Resolution:

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary . John, Lord Pawlett, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Brig-fiock, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Sharp, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr.

Conyers, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Jacob Banks, Sir

Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Moor, Mr. C Sir Wm. Drake,

Mr. Freman, Mr. Auditor Harley, Mr, Annejley, Mr.

Solicitor Gereral, Sir John StonehoMr. Manley, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Letchmere, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Campion,

Mr. Monckton, Sir Wm. Withers, Sir Robert Davers,

Mr. Cross, Sir Tho. Powys, Mr. Goulfton, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Blackmore, Sir Peter King, Mr. Finch,

Mr. Hampden, Dr. Pajke, Mr. Mead, Lord tiarley,

Pytt, Mr* Etterick, Mr. Hungerford: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber, and draw up the said Address.

Ordered, That the itigtoflTed Bill from the Lords, in- Chetwyn<r* tituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the real Estate of Barbara, foie Daughter and Heir of John Goring, late of the City of Litchfeild, Esquire, and now the Wife of Mr. Walter Chelwyndfor the Performance of Articles, on her Marriage, notwithstanding her Minority, be now lead a Second time.

The Bill was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Gape, Sir John Parsons, Sir Richard How, Mr.

Watd, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Shepherd, Mr. Levinz, Mr.

Hampden, Mr. Cholmondly. Mr. Harcourt, Sir Geo.

Warburton, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Hart, Sir Wm. Drake,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Foley, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Mr.

Wortley, Mr. Gery, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Bryan Stapleton, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Leigh, Mr.

Reynell, Sir Hen. Houghton, Sir John Mr.

Laughame, Mr. Bertie, Mr. S; and all that serve for the Counties, of Stafford and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, ha the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Moore’* for Sale of the Estate of Francis Moore Esquire, in the County of Wilts, for discharging an Incumbrance thereon; and for providing a Portion for his only Daughter; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlett do carnr the*

Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr, Freman reported from the Committee appointed Addrefe m to withdraw, and draw up an Address, to be presented to the Queen’* her Majesty, That they bad drawn up an Address ac- Speech‘ cordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same m his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: When*

the said Address was read; and is as follows; wx.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave most humbly to acknowledge your Majesty’s great Condescension in communicating to us tba Terms upon which a genera® Peace may be made.

Our Hearts are full of Gratitude for what your Majesty has already done; and we want Words to express the Satisfaction with which we have received all that your Majesty has been pleased to acquaint your Commons with.

We have an entire Confidence in your Majesty, That

you

Sufferers in Nevis and St. Chiilto-pher’s.

Qtittn ap*

point* to be attended.

Dixon*»De1)t to Uie Crown.

260

6° — 70 Juniu

A. 1712.

you will Readily pursue the true Intefeft of your own Kingdoms; and that your will endeavour to procure for all your Allies what is due to them by Treaties, and what is necessary for their Security.

These Afluranees are the lead Returns which your faithful Commons can make to so much Condescension and Goodness: And they humbly desire your Majesty, That you will please to proceed in the present Negotiations for the obtaining a speedy Peace.

The said Address being read a Second time;

Some Amendments was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " acquaint," and inserting, instead thereof, " impart to;" and to leave out " with

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Address, so amended.

And the same is as follows; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled,

beg Leave most humbly to acknowledge your Majesty’s great Condescension in communicating to us the Terms upon which a general Peace may be made.

Our Hearts are full of gratitude for what your Majesty has already done; and we want Words to express the Satisfaction with which we have received all that your Majesty has been pleased to impart to your Commons.

We have an entire Confidence in your Majesty, That you will Readily pursue the true Interest of your own Kingdoms; and that you will endeavour to procure for all your Allies what is due to them by Treaties, and what is necessary for their Security.

These Afluranees are the least Returns which your . faithful Commons can make to so much Condescension and Goodness: And they humbly desire your Majesty, That you will please to proceed in the present Nego-. Rations for the obtaining a speedy Peace.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council do humbly know her Majesty’s Pleasure, when Ihe will be attended by this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sahbati, j* die Junii;

Anno ii* Ann® Regina, 1712. Pratees.

AN ingrossed Bill for explaining several Clauses in an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of the Sufferers of the lllands of Nevis and'St.

Chrifopher, by reason of the Invasion of the French there, in the Year 1705, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Rill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining several Cl&uses in an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of the Sufferers of the lllands of Nevis and St. Chrifopher, b^ reason of the Invasion of the French there, in the Year 1705.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary St.John acquainted the House, That, her Majesty having been waited on, humbly to know her Pleasure, when flie would be attended by this House, her Majesty had been pleased to appoint Monday next, at One of the Clock, at her Palace of St. James's.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with George Dixon Doctor in Divinity, as he was Surety for his Father while Receiver General for the County of , and City

of Brfol, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with George Dixon Doctor in Divinity, as he was Surety for his Father while Receiver General for the County of Somerset, and City o

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for better ascertaining and securing F.aft indi» the Payments to be made to her Majesty, for Goods and Imports. Merchandizes to be imported from the and

other Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the East India Company, w as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better ascertaining and securing the Payments to be inside to her Majesty for Goods and Merchandizes to be imported from the East Indies, and other Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the East India Company.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, suid desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Legacies for Gifts and Legacies given to pious and charitable Uses, ch-mull* was read the Third 1'me. Uses*

An ingrosse-i (. Utule was offered, as a Rider, to the Bill, 1!.. 1 it any Person or Persons shall conceive him, her, . themselves aggrieved by such Decree, it ill a 11 and n.ay be lawful for such Person or Persons, upon thedepositing the Sum of Ten Pounds with the Register of the Court of Chancer}’, to answer Colls, as herein after-mentioned, to apply, by Petition, to the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, of Great Britain, for the Time being, to appeal from such Decree; who shall thereupon appoint a Time to hear and examine, and shall hear and examine, in a summary Way, the Matter of such Appeal; and shall thereupon make such Order or Decree, either for Affirmation, or Alteration, or Discharge thereof, as to the said Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, shall appear just; and thereupon to dirt-ft and order a Performance of such Decree, if not discharged; and to award and order Coils to be paid out of the Money so deposited, as to him shall seem meet:

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to the Bill, that Copies of Wills should be excused from being {lamped:

And the same was twice read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Clause be read the Third time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j } 66.

Tellers for the Noes, £ JJj/ 64- 1

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was read the Third time; and amended:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being H'

put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill; f1

The House divided. 41

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for he Yea, { } -3-

Tellers for the Noes, {

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title

be,

j

j

South Sea Cwtupaiiy.

Scotch

H.mriers

Uaihi.

Publication of Libels.

Kcmittancet lor torei^u Service.

>bt to tht .'rown.

Supply Bill; JuLes on iides, 4 c.

CheUyndft

Uutt,

11 Ann. 7° — 9* Junii.

261

bo. An Act for the more easy Recovery of small Gifts, and Legacies given to pious and charitable Uses.

Ordered, That Mr. Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossTed Bill for continuing the Trade to the South Seat, granted by an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies; and for satisfying the Publick Debts; and for ertft ing a Corporation to carry on a Trade to the South Seas; and for Encouragement of the Fishery; and for Liberty to trade in unwrought Iron with the Subjects of Spain; and to repeal the Acts for registering Seamen; although the capital Stock of the said Corporation should be redeemed; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for continuing the Trade to the South Seas, granted by an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, although the capital Stock of the said Corporation should be redeemed.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, and the Queliion being put, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time for the Ministers in Scotland to take the Abjuration Oath, be now read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Sir Gilbert Dolben presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for restraining the great Licence taken in publishing false and lcandalous Libels: And the same was received.

The Order being read, for the taking into Consideration the Accounts of Remittances;

Resolved, That an humble Addressbe presented to lier Majesty, That lhe will be please-d to give Directions, That the Minute of the Treasury, dated the 12th of December 1709, relating to the Remittances; and the Report of the Auditors of the Imprest, dated the 12th of January 1710, relating to the Remittances; and an Account of what Allowances have been made for Discounts of Tallies, and Exchequer Bills, for Remittances; and to w hom; and what Discounts has been paid for Bills by the Deputy Paymaster in Hollfince August 1*710; and also. That the several Bills of Exchange, drawn by the Paymaster in Spain and Portugal upon the Paymaster in England, during the War; with the Dates and Rates of Exchange, and the Times of Payment, and to whom payable; may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, take into Consideration the Accounts, shewing what Remittances of Monies have been made Abroad, for the foreign Services, during this present War; and at what Rates, and upon what Terms and Conditions, the said Remittances have been made; which have been laid before this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Petition of Job

Mathew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for laying several Duties upon Hides, Skins, Vellom, Parchment, Starch, Coffee, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and Silver Wire, and Policies of Insurance, to raise a yearly Fund, for Satisfaction of Orders to the Contributors of a farther Sum of One trillion Eight hundred thousand Pounds, towards her Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Bradshaigh, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the real Estate of Barbara, foie Daughter and Heir of John Goreing, late of the City of Litchfield Esquire, and now Wife of Mr. Walter -wynd, for the Performance of Articles, on her Marriage, notwithstanding her Minority, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunay 90 die Junii \

Anno u* Annas Regin®, 1712.

Praters.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration Pynfenft the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bftau. ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition made between William Pynfent Esquire, and Mary his Wife, John Trevillian Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and their Trustees, for several Manors and Lands, in the County of Somerset, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill were read; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. ill, L. 1 ft, Leave out the Word " now:"

L. 25, Leave out the Word now Pr. 15. L. 28. After the Word " ever," insert " And whereas by a Deed Poll, bearing Date the 13th " Day of May 1712, the said Mary, Wife of the said " William Pynfent, reciting, and pursuant to, the Power

" reserved to tier by the said recited Indenture of Release,

" of the 30th Day of October 1711, did limit and appoint, That the said William Phelipps and William " Speke, and their Heirs, should, within One Month " after the Death of the said Mary, Wife of the said William Pynfent, convey and act'ure all and-Angular the " Premises limited to them, as aforesaid, unto and upon " the said William Pynfent, Husband of the said Mary,

" his Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of the said

" Pynfent, his Heirs and Assigns; with a Power of Re*

" vooation, in the said Mary, of the Uses in the said " Deed Poll: And whereas the said Mary, Wife of the " said William Pynfent, did shortly afterwards, that is to " say, on the 19th Day of the same May 1712, depart " this Life, leaving I flue Three Daughters, and OneSon,

" Mary, Leonora, Ann, William, and Elizabeth, -

ufent, begotten by the said William P; and with-

" out revoking the Uses in the said Deed Poll:"

Pr. 33. L. 19. After the Word " and, " leave out " Mary his Wife, and her Heirs, and the First, Second.

and all other Son and Sons, and all and every the " Daughter," and, instead thereof, insert " the said Son:"

L. 23. Leave out " or to be begotten:

L. 25. Leave out " and Bodies';" and after " Son," leave out " or Sons:"

L. 27. After " Body," leave out " and, " and insert " or:"

L. 28. After " begotten," insert " and the " right Heirs of the said Mary."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, Douglas* at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committeeof ltcliti. the whole House, upon the Bill for the ReliefofSir William Douglas, Lieutenant General of her Majesty’s Forces.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, East India resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Company, the Bill for continuing the Trade, and Corporation Capacity, of the united East India Company, although their Fund should be redeemed.

Ordered, That Mr. Winfanley, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply Bill

Mr. Fleetwood, General Ecldin, Sir Roger Bradjhaish, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Duties ou Vot. 17. 3 X House, 1,ldts-c*

Atritin’s

EAatt.

Scotch

Ministeri

Oaths.

Customt on Goods destroyed.

261 90 — 10° Junii. A. 1712.

House, to consider farther of the Bill Tot laying several Duties upon Hides* Skins* Vellom, Parchment, Starch, Coffee, Tea* Drugs, Gilt and Silver Wire, and Policies of Insurance, to raise a yearly Fund, for Satisfaction of Orders to the Contributors of a farther Sum of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds* towards her Majesty’s Supply.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martity 10° d

Anno 11* Annse Reginas, 1711.

Mr. James Baden likewise proved the several Losses of the other Proprietors; viz. 115 whole Barrels of Raisins Solis, £ d. s.

amounting to - - - And 100 of whole Barrels of Raisins Solis, of Mr. John amount- a6S 10 8

ing to ----- -And 150 Quarter Barrels of Raisins, and Six Barrels of Almonds, of Mr. Wil- 240 8 6

liam Pitt's amounting to - And 50 whole Barrels of Raisins Solis, 192 1 it

of Mr. Walter Ryan's, amounting to H7 *5 9

The Total of the said Losses by burning the said Ship, in the Whole, amounted to - - - i,544 6

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Inheritance of the Manor of -at-Week, and divers other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, in Tru flees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Sir Robert Austen Baronet, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bulteel do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordship9 Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time for the Ministers in Scotland to take the Abjuration Oath, was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Mead reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, Owners and Freighters of the Tower Frigate, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That it appeared to the said Committee, by the Evidence of Mr. Edward Dennct, Matter of the said Ship, That the said Ship arrived at in the River of

Thames, the First Day of April 1708, laden with Wine, Oil, Raisins, and Almonds, from Gibraltar; and, on the 5th Day of the same April was let on Fire by John Smith, Tideftnan, who was put on board by the Commissioners of the Customs, before any Goods were taken out of her, by a Candle, which he let fall in the Gunroom amongst some Oakam, and other combustible Matters; which the said Smith endeavoured to put out, but was not able: And the said Smith made Affidavit of the 'fame, before Sir John Houblon Knight, the 12th of April 1708.

That it further appeared to the Committee, by the Evidence of the said Dennct, That the Cargo in the said Ship was about 560 whole Barrels of Raisins, and 16 Barrels of Almonds (besides the Wine and Oil), which, by the Sinking of the Ship, received little or no Damage: And that the Freight of those Goods amounted to about £55°-

That it further appeared to the Committee, by an Account produced by the Merchants and Owners concerned in the Cargo; as likewise by the Evidence of Sir Charles Peers, who was concerned for . Samue. Pitt, of Cricklade, Esquire, and Richard Hill, of Priory, Esquire, the Pro-

prietors of 264 whole Barrels of Raisins Solis; the Loss by which amounted to -

That it further appeared to the said Committee, by the Evidence of Mr. feph Huggins, Shipwright, in behalf of Mr. Solomon Merrett, the Owner of the said Ship, That the said Smith owned to him, the same Day that the Ship was burnt, That he was the unhappy Man that set it on Fire (which Smith is since dead): And that he the said Joseph Huggins appraised the Ship before file proceeded on her Voyage to Gib; the Value of which was - - - 1,116 6 6

And that the Value, after the came home, before burnt - - - - 969 6 6

And that the Value of her, after burnt, was ----- 224 16 — -

So that it appeared Mr. Merrett's Loss by the said Ship is - 744 10 fl

And Mr. Merrett proved, after Allowances made by the several Merchants of Arbitration,! hat the Loss by the Freight was, as appeared by his Account on Oath, 195 3 3

And his Loss by 10 Barrels of Almonds 74 7 9

Which, with the aforesaid Sum of - 744 10 6

Amounts, in the Whole to, - - 1,014 1 6

So that the Freighters Loss and G oods amounted to i,544 to 6

And the said Mr. Merrett'a Loss by the Ship, and by the Freight abated for Damage, and by his 10 Barrels of Almonds, amounted to - - - - 1,014 1 6

The Total of all is - - 2,558 12 —

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon Table.

Mr. Speaker reported. That he, with the House, did Answer t» Yesterday attend her Majesty, at her Palace of James's; and presented to her Majesty their humble Address: To which her Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer; vis.

I have the Safety and Interest of all my People so much at Heart, that I cannot but take a great deal of Pleasure in this your dutiful and prudent Address; and thank you moll kindly for it.

I have studied your Welfare; and by this you will find the good Effects of that Confidence which you place in me; and which ought always to remain between so affectionate a Prince, and such faithful Subjects.

Resolved, That the Thanks of this House be returned Thanki 01 to her Majesty for her most gracious Answer to the Ad- Answer. dress of this House.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be returned £. 4. d. to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are 725 13 8 of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered,

Commis-fumers for Army Debts.

FuMicatio* of LibtU.

Complaint

agninlihilhop ©I bt Aiuph'a Preface.

States Central* Letter.

11 Ann.

io" — 11* Junii.

263

Ordered, Thai Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and Transports; and for the Sick and Wounded: And that Mr. Auditor Harley, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Gilbert Dolben, and Mr. Sharp, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for retraining the great Licence taken in pnb-lifliing false and scandalous Libels, was read the First time.

Refolred, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Complaint being made to the House of the Preface to a Book, intituled,

" Four Sermons " i. On the Death of Queen , 1694;

" 2. On the Death of the Duke of , 1700 j

" 3. O11 the Death of King 1701-,

" 4. On the Queen’s Accession to the Throne in 1703;

" by William Lord Bishop of St. ;"

The Book was brought up; and the Preface was read. A Motion being made, and the Question being put, ‘That the said Preface is malicious and fastious, highly reflecting upon the present Administralion of Publick Affairs under her Majesty, and tending to create Dif-cord and Sedition amongst her Subjects;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers, he } ,9.

Teller, for the } 53.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Preface be burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman, upon next, at

Twelve of the Clock, in the Palace-yard,

And that the Sheriffs of London and r do allift

the Serjeant at Arms attending this House in the Execution thereof.

A Complaint-being made to the House of a printed Paper, intituled, " A Letter from the States General to " the Queen of Great Britain

The same was brought up; and read.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, assuring her Majesty of the just Sense this House has of the Indignity offered to her Majesty, by printing and publishing a Letter from the States General to her Majesty; and humbly to desire her Majesty, That the will so far resent such Indignities, as to give no Answer, for the future, to any Letters or Memorials that shall be so printed and published;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out " so far resent such Indignities, " as to give no Answer, for the future, to any Letters " or Memorials that shall be so printed or published," and, instead thereof, to insert " in such manner resent " such Indignities, as to her Majesty, in her great Wif- dom, she shall think fit

And the Question being put, That the Words so far " resent such Indignities, as to give no Answer, for the future, to any Letters or Memorials that shall be so u printed or published," stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question was put. That an humble Address he presented to her Majesty, assuring her Majesty of the just Sense this House has of the Indignity offered to her Majesty, by printing and publishing a Letter from the States General to her Majesty; and humbly to desire her Majesty, That she will so far resent such Indignities, as to give no Answer, for the future, to any Letters or Memorials that shall be so printed and published:

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her

Vol. 17.

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Remittance, ing next, take into Confide ration the Accounts shewing for foreign what Remittances of Monies have been made Abroad Servic,« for the foreign Services, during this present War; and at what Rates, and upon what Terms and Conditions, the said Remittances have been made; which have been laid before this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Mathew* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Debt 10 d* House to consider of the Petition of Job Mathew. Crown.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning East India at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the Company, whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Trade, and Corporation Capacity, of theunited Raft IndiaCom-pany, although their Fund should be redeemed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, nw die

Anno u*Ann& Regina;, 171a.

Prayers.

MR. Auditor Harley presented to the House, accord- Commis-ing to Order, a Bi II for appointing Commissioners fibers for to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the De * Army, Navy, for Transports, and for the Sick and Wounded: Aud the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself* into a East India. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for con- Company, tinuing the Trade, and Corporation Capacity, of the united East India Company, although their Fund should be redeemed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pitt reported from the Committee, That they had

gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and Mr Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining several Clauses in an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of the Sufferers of the 1 (lands of Nevis and St. Christopher, by reason of the invasion of the French there, in the Year 1705, without any Amendment:

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease made by Geffery Palmer and Robert Palmer Esquires, for a farther Provision by Payment of the Debts of the said Geffrey Palmer, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable James Duke of Ormond, and Charles Earl of Arran, his Brother, to convey to her Majesty the Regalities, Franchises, Liberties, and Jurisdictions, in the County of Tiperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in order to their being extinguished in the Crown; and to enable her Majesty to grant an Equivalent for the fame; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Sufferers io Nevis and St. Chrillo-phers.

Palmer's

K.ftute.

Duke of

Ormond’s

Estate.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered,

264 11° — I

Legacies fur Ordered, That Mr. Brigstock do carry the ingrossed charitable Bill to the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more easy ^f's‘ Recovery of finall Debts and Legacies given to pious

and charitable Uses, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re-Hides* &c f°Ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ’ ' consider farther of the Bill for laying several Duties upon

HiJes, Skins, Vellom, Parchment, Starch, Coffee, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and SilverWire, and Policies'of Insurance,

to raile a yearly Fund, for Satisfaction of Orders to the

Contributors of a farther Sum of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, towardsher Majesty’sSupply;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do receive a Clause to explain a Clanfe in the Act of the last Session of Parliament, for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, and upon Vellom and Parchment, for the.Term of Thirty-two Years, for prosecuting the War, and other her Majesty’smost necessary Occasions; which relates to an Appeal to the Justices of Peace at their Quarter Sessions.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments to it; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

DougW Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve Relief* of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Sir William Douglas, Lieutenant General of her Majestys Forces.

Publication Ordered, That the Bill for refiraining the great Li-of Libels. cence taken iii publishing false and scandalous Libels,

be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 12* die;

Anno 11* Annas Regime, 1712. Trayers.

Powell’s *\yfR Bulled presented to the House, according to

Trade of TVJL Order, a Bill for the Relief of John Powell, of

ra ‘ London, Merchant: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

i° Junii. A. 1712.

Conditions, the said Remittances have been made; which have been laid before this House; shall be taken into Consideration.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Lcgard and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An Act Di.WsDcbt to enable the Lord Higlr Treasurer of Great Britain, or totb*Crown, the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with George Dixon Doctor in Divinity, as he was Surety for his Father while Receiver General for the County of Somerset, and City of Bristol, without . any Amendment: And,

That they have agreed to the Amendments, made by Audens this House, to the Jiill, intituled, An Act for vesting Elba*-the Inheritance of the Manor of Court-at-Week, and divers other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Sir Robert Aujtcn Baronet, deceased: And,

They have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for South St* continuing the Trade to the South Seas, granted by an Company. Act of the last Session of Parliament, although the capital Stock of the said Corporation should be redeemed, without Amendment: And also,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Cogg’*,&c. making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eighth Year Edau*. of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate and Effects of John Coggs and John Dann, Goldsmiths and Partners, in Trustees, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors; and for determining Differences thereupon; and for the more effectual vesting the Estates and Effects of Thomas Pitkin and Thomas

Brerewood, still Handing out, in Trustees, for the Use and Benefit of the Creditors of the said John and

John Dann; with some Amendments: To which they dedre the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Douglas’ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon £liU.m ®" the Bill for the Relief of Sir William Douglas, Lieutc- 1UI' cn nant General of her Majesty’s Forces;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, atTvvelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Scotch resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time for the Ministers in Scotland to take the Abjuration Oath.

The House being informed, That Mr. Bunbitry, from the Treasury, attended at the Door;

Remittances He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the for foreign House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, a Copy Service. of a Minute, of the 12th of December 1709, concerning

Remittances: and a Copy of a Minute, of the 20th of December 1709, concerning Remittances; and a Copy of the Minute, of the 6th of 1710, concerning Remittances: And also.

The Auditor’s Report, relating to Sir Henry Furnejfcs Remittances to Holland.

And then he withdrew.

The Titles of the said Copies and Report were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies of the Minutes and Report dolie upon the Table, until the Accounts, fiiew-ing what Remittances of Monies have been made Abroad, for the foreign Services, during this present War: and at what Rates, and upon what Terms and 16

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Remittances ing next, take into Consideration the Accounts Ihetving what Remittances of Monies have been made Abroad, "er'1Cf’ -for the foreign Services, during this present War; and at what Rates, and upon what Terms and Conditions, the said Remittances have been made; which have been laid before this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Mathews’ ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tolbe House, to consider of the Petition of Job Mathew. r°"n‘

Mr. Pitt reported from the Committee of the whole East India House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Trade, and Company. Corporation Capacity, of the United Company, although their Fund should be redeemed, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in nt

the

I3i(cnunts on Remittance*.

ComrmfTion-rrs for Army Debts.

Supply Bill;

Du lit s on Hides, &c.

Publication of Libels.

11 Ann.

the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by

the Mon fe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr . Bridges, Paymaster of her Majesty’s Forces in

foreign Service, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, an Account of what Allowances have been made for Discounts of Tallies, and Exchequer Bills, for Remittances; and to whom j and what Discounts have been paid for Bills, by the Deputy Paymaster in Holland, fine eAugttJ 1710; so far as the Accounts are returned from thence.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table until the Accounts shewing wh?t Remittances of Monies have been made Abroad, for the foreign Services, during this present War; and at what Rates, and upon what Terms and Conditions, the said Remittances have been made; which have been laid before this House; shall betaken into Consideration.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers

of this Session.

A Bill for appointing Commissioners, to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army and Navy, for Transports, and for the Sick and Wounded, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House up-of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, be the Commissioners for taking, examining, and determining the Debts due to the Army and Navy, for Transports, and for the Sick and Wounded.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying several Duties upon Hides, Skins, Vellom, Parchment, Starch, Coflee, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and Silver Wire, and Policies ef insurance, to raise a yearly Fund, for Satisfaction of Orders to the Contributors of a farther Sum, of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, towards her Majesty’s Supply, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and some of them a Second time, one by one; and, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the farther Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Tomorrow Morning.

2 65

Vmeris, 130 die;

Anno it* Ann* Reginae, 1712.

Praters,

SIR Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, £a*te.

An Act for Sale of some Part of the real F.state of tijl May Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were twice read; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

4thPr. 5 L. After "Will," insert " some time afterwards also died, leaving Edward Duncomb Esquire, his " Son and Heir, and Executor; upon whom the said " Trull thereby devolved; the said Edward Duncomb 16th Pr. 17L. After " Son," leave out * *

Mr. Fleetwood reported from the Committee, to whom Chetwynd’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate. vesting in Trustees the real Estate of Barbara, foie Daughter and Heir of John Goring, late of the City of Litchfield, Esquire, and now Wife of Mr. wynd, for the Performance of Articles on her Marriage, notwithstanding her Minority, was committed. That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed hitn to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; Where they were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow, viz.

Pr. ill, L. 5. After " And in," add " all that Park " or Pasture, called Birc/nooood Park, containing, by " Estimation, 700 Acres, more or less, in the Parishes " of Leigh, alias Lee, and Milwich, or One of them, in the County of Stafford; and also

L. 15, After " and in," leave out " all that " Park or Pasture, called Birchwood Park, containing,

" by b'llimation, 700 Acres, more or less, in the Parillies of Leigh, alias Lee, and Milwich, or One of " them, in the said County of Stafford: and

Pr. 3. L. 38 and 39. Leave out " whereof or wherein," and, inliead thereof, insert " which,"

12° — 130 Junii.

The Bill for restraining the great Licence taken in publishing I'alfe and scandalous Libels, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill lie committed.

Resolved.That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And 1 lien the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vo l. 17.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act SaleofLand* for veiling several Lands in Nethercx, Rcw, Silverlon, jn Netherex. and Thorverton, in the County of Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Pul^oses therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Pole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Trade, and Cor- 'Easl India poration Capacity, of the united East India Company, Company, although their Fund flionld be redeemed, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 27. To insert " Day of:"

Pr. tilt.L. 27, 28. To leave out " upon the said

" Three Years

And the same were, upon the Question severally put

3 Y thereupon

Powell’s Bight of Trade.

Douglas*

Belief.

.266 13® Jam. H. 17*2.

thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Trade, and Corporation Capacity, of the United East India Company, although their Fund Oiould be redeemed.

Ordered, That Mr. Pitt do carry the Bill to the ‘Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of the late King William the Third, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities, after the Rate of Eight Pounds per Cent.per Annum; and for settling the Trade to the East Indies, several Persons did subscribe and pay in the said Two Millions; and, among others, Mr. John Powell fdb'scribed, and paid in, £.3,700, but refused to come into the Joint Stock of the said Company, which he might have done by Direction of the said Act, as most of the rest did: That, by the said Act, no Person was to trade, or licence any others to trade, to the said East Indies, for a greater Value than their said Subscription amounted to, under the Penalty in the Act mentioned: That Mr. Powell did, for divers Years, either enter, or license others to enter, and shipout, the Amount of his said Subfcrplion; and, for other Years, did make Entries thereof, but neglected to ship out the fame, notwithstanding the Direction of the said Act: That, at any time, on Three Years Notice, after the 49th September 1711; and on Repayment, by Parliament of the Money, or capital Stock, advanced by the several Subscribers, or those entitled thereto; and all the Arrears of the Annuities belonging to the fame; the Benefit of Trade given by virtue of the said Act Should cease and determine; That by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for alluring to the English Company trading to the East Indies, on Account of tire united Stock,

a longer time in the Fund and Trade therein mentioned; and for raising thereby the Sum of £.1,200,000 for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty’s Occasions; the Petitioners were knpowered, at any time after the 49th September 1711, to give Notice, on the Royal Exchange, London, of their Intention to repay the Subscribers, who did not unite their Stock and Fund with the Petitioners, the Sums by them subscribed, at the End of Three Years, after such Notice, with all Arrears of the yearly Fund: and the Petitioners gave the said Mr. Powell Notice accordingly; That the Petitioners under and a Bill is brought into this honourable House, intituled, a Bill for the Relief of the said Mr. John Poicell; the Intent whereof, as the Petitioners humbly conceive, is, to enable him to trade, contrary to the said Two Acts of Parliament, and in Prejudice to the Petitioners, who have advanced, besides the Two millions, Twelve hundred thousand Pounds more, without Interest, for the foie Liberty of the said Trade; and the Petitioners, by the last Act, and pursuant to their Conti-aft, having Right to pay off the separate Traders, as therein is mentioned; the said Mr. Powell, and one Mr. Ruffed, being now the only separate Traders; and yet, by the prel’ent Bill, the Petitioners Right and Agreement, purchased for so valuable a Consideration, is endeavoured to be set aside, and avoided: And praying to be heard by. their Counsel.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, again!! the said Bill, upon the Second Reading thereof: And that M r. Poicell be then also heard, by his Counsel, for the fame.

The Orders of the Day were read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the relief of Sir Douglas, Lieutenant General of her Majesty’s Forces,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cat 'negie took the Chair of the Committee.

20

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carnegie reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had made some Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Scotch whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time for the Ministers in Scotland to take the Abjuration Oath.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Baillie took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Baillie reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had made some Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Manley, her Majesty’s Surveyor General, made Place where his Report to the House, pursuant to the Order of the Journal?,^. Third Instant:

And the same was read; and is as follows;

To the honourable House of Commons of Gredt

Britain.

In pursuance of an Order of this honourable House, of the Third of June instant, One thousand seven hundred and Twelve; whereby I am to consider of a more convenient Place, nearer the House to be set apart for keeping the Journals, Records, and other Papers belonging to the House, in the Custody of the Clerk; the Places where they now are being found very strait and inconvenient, ftnee the great Additions made to them, of late Years, by the constant annual and long;

Sessions of Parliament;

I have viewed the Places adjoining to, or near, the House of Commons, which I thought might be useful for the Purpose aforesaid; And that which, in my opinion, will be most convenient, is that Part of the Old Palace of Westminster, which is over the Passage from the House of Commons, leading into the Court of Request; the same being a large Room, with a Partition in it, frequently used for a Committee Room to the House, and other Rooms adjoining, which are called the Queen’s Chambers or Court; and, by the Nearneik of their Situation, to the House, may, at small Expence, have a Communication with it: These Rooms are of little Use at present; nor have they been, for many Years, of any Service to the Crown; So that it is to be humbly hoped her Majesty, upon the Application of this honourable House, may he graciously pleased to direct the same for the Accommodation thereof, and to be fitted up accordingly,

J.Manley, Supervisor General.

June the 13th, 1712.

And the House being moved, That an humble Application may be made to her Majesty, That lhe would be pleased to direct the said Rooms may be fitted up, and set apart, accordingly;

The Lord Willoughby acquainted the House, from the Lord Great Chamberlain, That, he having utiderstood Mr. Manley had viewed the said Rooms, in order to

report them as most convenient for the Service of the House; his Lordship had acquainted her Majesty therewith; and had humbly desired to know her Majesty’s Pleasure therein: And that thereupon her Majesty had been pleased to give her Coufeut; and had directed the said Rooms to be fitted up, and set apart for the Accommodation of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Commission-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, era for Army upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army and Navy, for Transports, and for the Sick and Wounded.

The

1

SoppTy Bill; l)uties on Hides, &c.

Palmer’s

Estate*

11 Ann.

i 3° — 140 Jitnii.

167

The House proceeded in the farther Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying several Duties upon Hides, Skins, Vellom, Parchment, Starch, Coffee, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and Silver Wire, and Policies of Infiirance, to raise a yearly Fund, for Satisfaction of Orders to the Contributors of-a farther Sum, of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, towards her Majesty’s Supply, was committed:

And several other of the Amendments, made to the Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the farther Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To-tttorro'w Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabi ati 1 14* die yunti;

Anno ii* Ann* Regime* 171*.

PfcAtfefeS.

T H E House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease made by Geffrey Palmer and Robert Palmer Esquires, for a farther Prsvision for Payment of the Debts of the said Geffrey Palmer,

And the said Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

3 Pr. 11 L. Leave out " Seventy-eight," and insert Eighty:"

13 L. After " ended," insert " without Ira*. peachment of Waste

4 Pr. 2 L. After "them," insert "and the Executors, Administrators, and Atsigns, of such Survivor:"

34 L. Leave out " Seventy -eight," and insert Eighty:"

43 L. After " laid," insert " last 5Pr. 4«, 43 L. Leave out "Seventy-eight," and in* jfert " Eighty

6 Pr. 6. L. Leave out " Seventy-eight," and insert " Eighty

13 Li After " whatsoever," insert Clause markka "A:"

Clause A: "Provided always, and be it Enacted, " That the said James Winfianley, and Thomas Noble, " and the Survivor of them, and the Executors and Ad- ministrators of such Survivor* shall, immediately from and after the Death of Sir Let vis Palmer, Father of 1‘ the said Geffrey and Robert Palmer, receive the whole " Rents and Profits of the said Manor, and other the " Premises demised by the said several Indentures of " Lease; and shall be accountable for* and apply the " lame, or such Part thereof, as shall or may come to v‘ their Hands* without their wilful Negfeft or Defeutt, <c towards discharging such of the said Debts and Monies ’* borrowed to discharge the fame, and as shall be then " unpaid, and the Interestthereof then due, and to grow " due* with the Costs and Charges incident thereunto; " until the Whole shall be satisfied and paid; together 1" with all reasonable Allowances for the Charge of A Bailiff, and all other incident Charges and Expences, uand for their Trouble concerning the Management of " the said Estate, and Performance of the said several " Trails; but they the said Trustees shall not be answerable for any Loss of the said Rents, or other Money, which shall happen without their wilful Neglect or Default; nor shall either of them be answerable for the Acts or Receipts of the other* but each of them u for his own Acts and Receipts only."

Ordered, That Mr. Winstanley do carry the Bill to the Lords and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Vol. 17.

Mr. Carnegie, according to Order, reported from the rtonglas* Committee of the whole Hohfe, toAtihom the Bill for the plaim ?n Relief of Sir William Douglas, Lieutenant General of e

her Majesty’s Forces, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Baillie reported from the Committee of Ihewliolfe Scotch House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- Mimswra tituled. An Act for enlarging the Time for the Midi- a fters in Scotland to take the Abjuration Oath, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where they were read; and agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, tube added *to the Bit!, Thalt whereas by another Aftymade in thisprefont Session of " Parliament, intituled, An Act for prefefving the Protestant Religion.'by better fecufing the‘ChufchofJSn^land, as by Law establi filed; and for Confirming of the " Toleration granted to Protestant Dissentersby an Act,

" intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Sitbjefts difienting from the Church Of England " from the Penalties of certain Laws; and for supplying " the Defects thereof; and for the farther securing the " Protestant. Succession, by requiring the Praftifers of "the Law in North Britain to take the'Oaths, and subseribe the Declaration, therein mentionedfit is ehafted,

" That all Advocates* Writers to the Signet, Notaries " Publick, and other Members of the College of Justice,

" within that Part 0 FG'reat Britain called Scotland, shall " be obliged, on or before the Fifteenth Day of June,

" to take and subscribe before the Lords of Session, the " Oath appointed by an Act, made Anno Sexlo y

" intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government; and, in case of their " Neglect or Refusal to take and subscribe the said " Oaths, as aforesaid, such Person shall be, in*

" capable and disabled in Law to have, enjoy, or exer- cite his said Employment: And Whereas the Court of " Session in Scotland does not fit from the last of February to the First of June; and that. several of the Advocates, Writers to the Signet, Notaries Publick, and " other Members of the College of Justice aforesaid,

" have, either by reason of Sickness, Indisposition, or " Absence, been rendered incapable of taking the Oath " by the said Act required: For Remedy Whereof, Be it " further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if " any Advocate, Writer to the Signet, Notary Publick,

" or any Member of the College of Justice aforesaid,

" shall, on or before the said First Day of November,

" take and subscribe the aforesaid Oath, either in her MajestyVCourt of Session, JusticiaVy,or Exchequer, in " Scotland, or at the Quarter Sessions there for the City " or County where such Person of Periods inhabit or " dwell, of id her Majesty’s Court of Chanc6ry, Queen’s " Bench, Commod, Plea's, of Court of Exchequer, at *Wcjimhijler, the fattie shall be, to all Intents Un'd Purposes, as effectual, as if such Advocate, Writer to the " Signet, Notary Publick, of otherMember of th'eCollege " of Justice, had taken the same within the time, and in " ihe manner, appointed by the aforesaid Act:"

And the same wds twice read; and amended:

And then the Clatife Was, upbd the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

The Order of the Day was reed, for the HWft to Commission-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon *re for Army

the Debts-

Eubt India Imports.

East India Company.

Circuits in Scotland.

Powell’s Kiish* of Trade.

Publication of Libels.

Supply Pill; J)utie6 on Hides, &c.

268 140 Junii. A. 1712.

the Bill for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, ami determine, the Debts due to the Army and Navy, for Transporls, and for Sick and Wounded.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do receive a Clanfe for the more effectual compelling the Receivers of publick Money to account for the fame.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Auditor Harley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Auditor Harley reported from the Committee, That they had goue through the Bill, and made fume Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Pill:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better ascertaining and securing the Payments to be made to her Majesty for Goods and Merchandizes to be imported from the Raft , and other Places

within the Limits of the Charter granted to the India Company, without any Amendment. And,

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Trade, and Corporation Capacity, of the united East India Company, although their Fund

should be redeemed, without Amendment. And,

The Lords have paflld a Bill, intituled, An Act for the appointing the Circuit Courts in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to be kept only once in a Year: To which they desire the Concurrence of this IJoufe.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Relief of John Poxcell, of I^tidon, Merchant, be read a Second time upon TucfdayMorning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- ' ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for restraining the Great Licence taken iu publishing false and scandalons Libels.

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying several Duties upon Hides, Skins, Vellom, Parchment, Starch, Coffee, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and Silver Wire, and Policies of Insurance, to raise a yearly Fund, for Satisfaction of Orders to the Contributors of a fartherSum, of One Million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, towards her Majesty’s Supply, was committed.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to fonie of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That, " Whereas by the Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for " making good Deficiencies; and satisfying the Publick " Debts; and for erecting a Corporation to carry on a " Trade to the South Seas; and for Encouragement of " the Fishery; and for a Liberty to trade in un wrought " Iron with the Subjects of; and to repeal the " Acts for Registering of Seamen; reciting the rein. That " Part of the Debt of the Navy is ascertained by " Tickets made out for Wages due to Seamen, and others, who served on board any of her Majesty’s

Ships; the Commissioners of the Navy are thereby re-" quired to cause an exact and true Account to be made up, and delivered to the Lord High Treafmer, of all " the said Tickets made out on or before the Twentyfifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and " Eleven; and so much Money as the said Tickets flionld

" amount untp, are, by the said recited Act, directed to " be deducted, among other things therein mentioned, " out of the several Sums therein before computed to be " the Debt of the Office of the Navy, Victualling Transport and Ordnance, in order to alberta in the same to " lie subscribed into the Joint Stock of the said Company, " for the use of the Publick; and the said Tickets are, " by the said recited Act, directed to be subscribed, admitted and taken, into the Joint Stock of the said Company, for the respective Sums due upon the same " respectively, with such Interest as in the said recited Act is mentioned: And whereas the Tickets made " out for Wages due to Seamen, and others, who served on board any of her Majesty’s Ship'*, do only ascertain the Time such Persons served on board any of her Majesty’s Ships, but not the Wages or Money due so " them; so that such Account cannot be made out, aa " the said recited Act directs: Be it therefore Enabled, by " the Authority aforesaid, That no more or other of the " said 'Pickets shall be subscribed, admitted, or taken, " into the Joint Stock of the said Company, than have " been already subscribed, admitted, and taken thereinto, " and that all the Tickets made out, or to be made out, " for such Service, as aforesaid, except such of then as " are already subscribed, admitted, and taken into the " Joint Stock of the said Company', shall and may be paid " in such Method and Manner as the same might or " ihonld be paid, if they had not been directed by the " fair! recited Act to be subscribed, admitted, and taken, " into the Joint Stock of the said Company; and that " there thnilaud may be subscribed into the Joint Stock " of the said Company, for the Use of the Publick, such " Sum or Sums as might or should have been subscribed " for the Use of the Publick, if the said Tickets had " not by the said recited Act been directed to be subseribed, admitted and taken, into the Joint Stock " of the said Company; any thing in the said recited Act " to the contrary notwithstanding: And all the Stock * which shall he subscribed into the said Joint Stock of " the said Company, for the Use of the Publick, (half be " applicable and applied, and are hereby appropriate^, " to such Uses, as by the said recited Act is directed " for and concerning the Stock to be subscribed into the " said Company, for the Use of the Publick

And the same was twice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to prevent the upper Part of Shoes to be made of Ticking:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table:

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for preventing the Galhing of Skins:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up to the Table:

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That by the said Act, made in the Ninth Year of her present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, or dreffid, and upon Vellom and Parchment, for the Term of Thirty-two Wars, it is Enacted, That all the Duties of the said Hides and Skins, Pieces of Hides and Skins, V{ Worn, and Parchment, should bepaidoffand discharged, as should arise wit bin the Cities of and Westmbifler,

within Foil it een Days after the same should be so marked; and such Duties as should arise, and be payable, in other Parts of Great Britain, should be paid within Six Weeks

altei* the same should be so marked: and Whereas the said Times for Payment of the said Duties are found to be too short.Be it therefore Enacted, That such of the said Duties, as also the additional Duties, made payable for Leather, Vellom, and Parchment, to be made in , Britain, shall lie paid to such Person and Persons as the Fu i*i former Duties onLeather areh}’ the said Act directed

to

11 Ann.

i 4"--1 6° Junii.

269

to be paid; that is to say, such Duties as shall arise within the Cities of London and shall be

paid within Drtys after the same shall be

marked; and fuel) of the said Duties as shall arise, and be payable, in the other Parts of Great Britain, shall be paid within Weeks after the same shall be

marked and stamped, as the said Act directs:

And the same was once read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn;

It passed in the Negative.

Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act , for Sale of some Part of the real Estate of May

Esquire, deceast-d, for Payhnent of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Pape do carry the Bill to the

May’s

Estate*

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed

to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Concurrence.

put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That all Monies lent, and to be lent, to her Majesty, ub°n the Land Tax, for 1712, and upon the Act for charging and continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, for One thousand Seven hundred and Twelve, and all Monies as should arise thereby, and remain after all Loans, and other Charges thereon, satisfied; and all the Monies of the DeductionsofTwo and a Half per Centum, which has been, or ought to be, made

from the Pay, Subsidies. or other Allowances for foreign Forces, in her Majesty’s Service, for One thousand Seven hundred and Twelve; and all Monies of the Sum of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, arisen, they desire their Concurrence, or to arise, by the Act for laying several Duties on Soap,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the real Estate of Barbara, foie Daughter and 1 leir of John Goring, late of the City of Litchfcild Esquire, and now Wife of Mr. Walter -wynd, for the Performance of Articles, on her Marriage, notwithstanding her Minority, was read the Third time. ’

Be/olved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fleetwood do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which

Chetwynd*,

Estate.

Mathew's Debt to the Crcwu.

Pynfent’s

Elute.

Paper, chequered and striped Linens; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens and Stnfts, printed or stained; and upon damped Vellom, Parchment, and Paper; and upon printed Papers, Pamphlets, and Advertisoments; for railing One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a Lottery; and for licensing an additional , Number of Hackney Chairs; ar,d for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice, over and above the Allowances for prompt Payment, and other Allowances directed by the last-ir.entibncd Act; and all the Monies which shall arise by th:s present Act, over and above the Allowances ferprompt Payment, and other Allowances thereby directed; shall be appropriated for and towards defraying the several Charges of the Supply granted in this Session of Parliament:

' And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

’ And the Clause was amended, by inforting the Sums of Money to be paid to the Commissioners of Accounts, for their Salaries, and incident Charges, in respect of their taking, examining, and determining the Debts due to the Army, Transport Service, and Sick and Wounded.

Then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the I louse to be made part of the Bill.

And several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Job Mathew.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 16° die Junii;

Anno it* Anna: Regina:, 1712.

Pra y er s.

N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act confirming a Partition made between William Pyvfent Esquire, and Mary his Wife, John Trevillian Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and their Trustees, of several Manors and Lauds in the County of Somerset, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Pfrclips do carry the Bill to the

Vol. 17.

A1

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Scotch for enlarging the Time for the M millers in to Mini iter*

take the Abjuration Oath, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were l'everally pruposed to be made to the Bill; ris.

In the Title of the Bill, after " Ministers" to insert " Advocates, and other Members of the College of " Justice and to leave out " Abjuration Oath," and insert " Oaths therein mentioned

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baillie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Sir William Douglas’ Douglas, Lieutenant General of her Majesty’s Forces, Kehefc was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Sir William Douglas, Lieutenant General of her Majesty’s Forces.

Ordered, That Mr. Carnegie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Circuit* in for appointing the Circuit Courts in that part of Great Scotland. Britain called Scotland to be kept only once in a Year, was read the Firsttime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Auditor Harley, according to Order, reported Commission. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the crs for Army Bill for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, ^eljts‘ and determine, the Debts due to the Army and Navy for Transports, and for the Sick and Wounded, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and lie read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of, them was disagreed, and the rest agreed, unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill. That, whereas there hath been great Quantities of Sea Provisions delivered out of her Majesty’s Store#, for her Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Forces, in their Passage. by Sea to and from the several Parts where the War hath been carried on, to a considerable Sum; but ho Part

3 Z thereof

Scotch

Ministers

Oaths.

May’s

Estate.

Chetwynd's

EiUtc,

Circuits-ia Scotland.

Lord Beliefs El'tate.

37O

16° — 170

1712.

thereof hath been ever made good, out of the S.ubfistence of the said Forces, except those serving in the Low Countries, and Newfoundland; ami that where it shall appear to Four Commissioners, or more. That the Officers or. Soldiers of any Regiment, fif have been accounted with for their Subtitle oce-mooey, without any Deduction for Sea Provisions, the Arrears due to such Regiment, fife, shall be dated and certified, without any Deduction or Charge to be made for such Sea Provisions:

And tive same was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up:

And the Clause was amended:

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being pqt, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Mproing;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Rill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 170 die Junii;

Anno ii° Ann® Regiqae, 171a.

Pray e as.

AM ESS AG E from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and

Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Rill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time for the Ministers in Scotland to take the Abjuration Oath.

The Lords l\ave also agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Rill, intituled, An Act for Sale of some Part of the real Estate of May

Efrjuire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

The Lords have also agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the real Estate of Barbara, foie Daughter and Ileir of John late of the City of

l.ilchfeild Esquire, and now Wife of Mr. Walter -tvynd, for the Performance of Articles, on her Marriage, notwithstanding her Minority.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrnfled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for appointing the Circuit Courts in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to be kept only ouce in a Year, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Third time.

Then the Hou fe proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time for Sale of Part of the Estate of the Right honourable Richard Lord Bcl-lew, of the Kingdom of Ireland, veiled in Trustees by an Act of Parliament lately passed in the said Kingdom: And the same were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

1 Pr. 5L. Leave out "and:" a Pr. 5 L. After " them," insert "or so much thereof as thou Id be fnflkient to answer the Purposes of " the said Act

21L After "aforesaid," insert "and paid off "some Part of the said Debts and Incumbrances

27 L. After "unfold," insert " although Part " of the said Debts and Incumbrances still remain not "paid ordilcharged

42 L, Leave out from "may " to "fell," in the

last Line of the same Press, and, instead thereof insert " with all convenient Speed

3 Pr. 6 L. After " unfold," insert " or so much thereof as they ilia.ll think requisite for the Purposes of the " said former Act

zi and £2 L. Leave out " within the said Time " mentioned in this Act for that Purpose

At the End of the Bill, add "and not otherwise and also the Saving, marked " A

" Saving to the Queen’s most excellent Majesty, her,

" Heirs and Successors, and to all Bodies Politick and

" Corporate, and their Successors, and to all and every " other Person and Persons, their Heirs, Executors,

" Administrators, and Assigns (Other than the said " Richard Lord Bellew, and his Heirs, and the Issue of " his Body, and the several and respective Heirs of the " said John late Lord Bellezo, Walter late Lord Bellew,

" Brother of the said Richard Lord Bellew, Mary late " Lady Bellew, Mother of the said Richard Lord Bellew, Anne late Lady Viscountcfs Clanmalecr, Sifter " of the said Mary late Lady Bellew, or any of them,

and the respective Issue of their several Bodies, and " the respective Trustees of such Heirs or Issue, or any " of them, except Frances Bellew and Mary Kelley,

" Daughters of the said Walter late Lord Bellew, and " Dennis Kelly Hulbaud of the said Mary Kelly, and " all claiming under them, and their several Trustees);

" All such Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand,

" of, in, to, or out of, all or any the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, as they, every or any of them, had, Ihoulrl, or "might have had, enjoyed, or been entitled unto, if " this present Act had not been made; any thing here " in contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not " withstanding."

Ordered, That Mr. Brigfock do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Duke o( Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, inti* Ormondl tuled, An Act to enable James Duke of Ormond, and CHarles Earl of Arran, his Brother, to convey to her Majesty the Regalities, Franchises, Liberties, and Jurisdictions, in the County of Tipperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in order ta their being extinguished in the Crown; and to enable her Majesty to grant an Equivalent for the fame:

And the same were twice read j and, upon the Ques tion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

At the End of the Bill, add Clause marked " A I11 the Title of the Bill, ad Line, after " Arran," insert " of the Kingdom of Ireland

Clause A: " And be it further Ena6led, by the Au " thority aforesaid, That all Bills, An livers, and Proceedings, Inrolments of Deeds, and all Records whatsoever, which shall, at the time of such Grant or Surrender, remain or be in the Court of Chancery, in the " said County of Tiperary, shall immediately be transmilled and delivered into the High Court of Chancery of Ireland, and to be there kept, as other Records " and Proceedings are in the said High Couctof Chan-"cery: And that ail Causes and Proceedings in the " Court of Chancery in Tipjierary, shall also be transmitted into the said High Cow t of Chancery, as if such " Causes and Proceedings had been originally begun " in the said High Court of Chancery; and that all Records of Fines and Recoveries, aed of all real Actions,

" made in any Court or Courts of Law in Tipperary,

" shall be transmitted into the Court of Common Pleas " in Dublin, to be kept as other Records are kept there;

" and all Proceedings, in order to the Levying of " Fines, or fullering common Recoveries, and all Proceedings on all real Actions that shall, at the time of " making such Grant or Surrender, be depending in " any Court of Law in Tipperary, be also trail linn ted " into the Court of Common Pit as ini Dublin, to be " there proceeded upon as they might have been in tl>q 16 said

i t Ann.

" said County of Tipperary and all Records and Pro- ceedings in Criminal Caut'es, and in all Actions, other " than real Actions, in any Court or Courts of Law in Tipperary, shall be transmitted into the Court of " Queen’s Bench in Dublin, to be there kept as other Records are; and that all causesand Actions depend-

ing in any Court of Law in Tipperary shall be also " transmitted into the Court of Queen’s Bench in

" lin: Provided, That all Judgments and Decrees given or passed, or that shall be given or passed, in any of the said Courts of Tiperary, before such Grant or

Surrender shall be made, shall remain in Force, and *' shall and may be executed by the respective Courts " to which the same are to be transmitted, as if such

Judgments or Decrees bad been given or made in " such Court."

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

(teg*. $c. The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Kiiate*. Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making more elTeftual an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate and Eirects of John Coggs and John Dann, Goldsmiths and Partners, in Trustees, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors; and for determining Deferences thereupon; and for the more elTeftual veiling the Estates and Effects of Thomas Pitkin and Thomas Brereicood, still Handing out in Trustees, for the Gfe and Benefit of the Creditors of the said John Coggs and John Dann t

And the same was read the First time j and is as follows; viz.

At the End of the Bill, add Clause " A A; " Provided always, That nothing in this present Act shall hinder or prejudice any Demand or Pay-" ment of any Sum or Sums of Money due or payable unto George Ball, by virtue of a Decree of the Court Chancery, or of an Order made by the Lords Spiri- tual and Temporal, upon the Appeal of the said " George Ball, or any subsequent Orders or Procedings founded thereon; but that the same shall* and is hereby declared to be and remain in the same State, 44 Force, and Condition, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if this Act had not been made:

And the Question being put. That the said Amendment be read a Second time "r It passed in the Negative.

271

ver doubt her Majesty’s taking the proper Measures for the Security thereof: And that this House will support her Majesty against Fastion at home, and her Enemies abroad: And that this House does humbly beseech her Majesty, That Ihe will be pleased to difeoun-tenance all those who shall endeavour to raise Jealoii-fies between her Majesty and her Subjects, especially by misrepresenting her good Intentions for the Welfare of her People.

Resolved, That the said Resolution be laid before her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty’s Pleasure, when Hie will be attended by this House.

And then the House adjourned till Td-morrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriij 18° die yunti j

Anno ii* Ann* Reginse, 1712.

P ft A Y E ltS.

AN ingrossed Bill for the appointing Commissioners Commission-to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due for Army to the Army, Transport Service, and Sick and Wound- D*bts* ed, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army.,'

Transport Service, and Sick and Wounded.

Ordered, That Mr, Auditor Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made Pynfent's by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Confirming of a Partition made between William Esquire, and Mary his Wife, John Trevillian Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and their Trustees, of several Manors and Land?, in the County of Somerset.

The Lords have also agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Douglas' Act for the Relief of Sir William Douglas, Lieutenant Relief. General of her Majesty’s Forces, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

170 — 18° Junii.

Motion that A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Proliant That an luimble Address be made to her Majesty, hum-Succeir‘"®bb* bly acquainting her. That this House hath a grateful upending Sense of Iter Majesty’s Car* lor her People in the Affur-Ti«ty. onces Ihe so lately made from the Throne, That the Protestant Succession in the House of Hanover is near-eft.at her Heart; and, being convinced, that the Safety of the Protestant Succession mull, in a great Measure, depend on the Event of the present Treaty for a general Peace, do most humbly beseech her Majesty, That ihe will be pleased to give particular Instructions to her Plenipotentiaries, That, in the Conclusion of the said Treaty, the several Powers in Alliance with her Majesty may be Guarantees for the Protestant Succession to the Crowns of these Realms, as settled by Act of Parliament in the iiluftrious House of Hanover;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

*»Yeas. } 38.

Te"m for lile Nocs- ( Mr. cflPcn , }*33-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolution Resolved, That this House has such an entire C’onft-a!’°cwCe ^enee ’n' *he repeated Declarations her Majesty has t e Wueeo. been pleased to make, of her Concern for alluring to . these Kingdoms the Protestant Succession, as by Law established, in the House of; that they can ne-

Vol. 17.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Circuits in for the appointing the Circuit Courts in that Part of Scotland. Great Britain called Scotland to be kept only oaoe in a Year, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Pringle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for laying several Duties upon Supply Bill; Hides, Skins, Vellom, Parchment, Starch, Coffee, Tea, Duties on Drngs, Gilt and Silver Wire, and Policies of insurance, llldes»Ste-to raise a yearly Fund, for the Satisfaction of Orders to the Contributors of a farther Sum of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, towards her Majesty’s Supply, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That, for the Indemnity of such Persons who, through Neglect or Inadvertency, have omitted to pay the several Rates and Duties upon Monies given, paid, or contrafted for, with Apprentices, and to have the Indentures or Contrafts llamped, within the Times for those Purposes respectively limited by the Acts of Parliament in that same made, that upon Payment of the respective Rates and Duties so omitted or neglected to be paid, on or before the 29th Day of September 1712, to such Person or Persons to whom the fiame ought to be paid, and tendering to be llamped

Supply Bill; Dutie* on Hides, Sfc,

272 ig°-_i9° Junii] A. 1712:

such Indentures dr Contrasts so omitted to be damped, on or before the 25th Day of December 171a, the same Indentures or Contracts tlia.ll be good and available in Law or Equity; and the Apprentices therein named shall be capable of following and exercising their Trades or Employments, as if the Duties had been duly paid within the respective Times limited; and shall he discharged from the Penalty otherwise to be inflicted r And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Questiou put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill;

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8, L. 8. To leave out " Three," and insert " Two:"

Pr. 9, L. 22. To leave out "such," and insert " proportionaland, after " Drawback," to insert " and J’ L. 23. After " Repayments," to insert " and to "such;":

Pr. 12. L. 1.To leave out " an," and insert " the "said:": ..

Pr. 27. L. ai. To leave out " fame," and insert "like:"

L. 39. To leave out " that," and insert " like:" Pr. 28. L. 7. After " Drugs," to insert " imported from any foreign Parts

Pr. 30. L. 18. After " Britain," to insert " from any " foreign Parts; and all such 'Pea as shall be imported " from any Places within the Limits of the said Charter granted to the East India Company.

L. 26. To leave out " said," and insert

" fame

L. 31. To leave out " the fame," and insert " such Coffee

Pr. 31. L. 40. After "Tea," to insert "as is:"

Pr. 32. L. 3. After "Coffee," to insert "and Tea;" L. 8. After " that," to insert " shall:"

L. 16. To leave out " provided," and insert " appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs-and " be:"

Pr. 34. L. 29. After " shall," to insert " upon the " Importation thereof:"

Pr. 35. L. 1. To leave out " Traders in Coffee and "Tea:"

Pr. 98. L. # To leave out "of Record at Westminsteri' and insert " aforesaid :"

Pr. 101. L. To leave Out " said

L. last. To leave out " and."

And the said" Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving 4>ut the last Press, being a Clause for impowering the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty to examine how, and to whom, and for what Colonel John Rice disposed of£. 11,420 17 6 in Army Debentures, to deliver, on or before the 24th Day of Avguji 1712, to Mrs. Anne Trant, or her Assigns, so many of the said Debentures as in Principal and Interest thereupon due, shall be sufficient to satisfy her the Sum of £.1,450 1 os.7 id.with Interest, after the Rate of £.6 per Cent, per Amium, for the fame, from the 10th

of October 1706, being so much due to her from the said Colonel Rice; and that the said Commissioners do, after the Satisfaction of the said Debt and Interest, dispose of the Remainder of the said Debentures, and pay the Money arising by such Safe into the Exchequer, for the Ul'e of the PuMick; and the Commissioners fiioufd be indemnified for so doing:

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Clause was cut off from the Bill*, at the Table, accordingly.

Rifolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for laying additional Duties on Hides and Skin1-, Vellom and Parchment, and new Duties on

Starch, Coffee, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and Silver Wire, and, Policies of Insurance, to secure a yearly Fund, for Satisfaction of Orders to the Contributors of a farther; Sum of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds* towards her Majestyys Supply; and for the better fe-curiirg the Duties on Candles; and for obviating D nibt^ concerning certain Payments in Scotland; and for suppressing unlawful Lotteries, and other Devices of thq same Kind 5 and concerning Cake Soap; and for Relief of Afmy Ravenal, in relation to an Annuity of Eigh-

teen Pounds per Annum; and concerning Prize Cocoat Nuts brought from America, and certain Tickets which were intended to be subscribed into the Stock of the South Sea Company; and for appropriating the Monies

granted1 this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Congers do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

)r

14

Jovisy 190 diecJuntl

Anno n# Anna; Re-gin*, 1714.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary St. John reported to the House,

That their Address, of the 3 iff of il/r/y last, re- Addre&». latingto the Rents of the Bishops Lands in North Britain, that remain in the Crown, having been presented to her Majesty, her Majesty had commanded him tq j,

acquaint this House, That the Profits anting from the

Bishops Estates in Scotland, which remain in the Crowny shall be applied to the Support of such of the Episcopal Clergy there, as shall take the Oaths to her Majesty, according to the Desire of this House.

Mr. Secretary St.John also reported to the House,

That their Address of the tenth Instant, having been presented to her Majesty, alluring her Majesty of the c

just Sense this House has of the Indignity offered to her Majesty, by printing and publishing a Letter from the States General to her Majesty; and humbly desiring her Majesty, That flie will so far resent such Indignity, as to give no Answer, for the future, to any such Letters or Memorials that shall be so printed and publifir-ed; her Majesty had been pleased to command him to acquaint this House, That her Majesty thanks this House for the particular Mark they had given her, upon this Occasion, of their Duty to her, and of their Concern for her Honour. . ’

Mr. Secretary St. John also reported to the House,

That their Address, of the second Instant, having been presented to her Majesty, That the would be pleased to order an Account to be laid before this House of the-Negotiations and Transactions relating to the Preliminaries in 1709; and also an Account of the Negotia?-tions and Tran factions at Gertrudcnburgh, and who were employed as her Majesty’s Plenipotentiaries in t ran fa fling those Negotiations; That her Majesty bad been pleated to give Order therein; but that, by reason of the Length thereof, they could not be l’oo’ner prepared: And that he was now commanded to lay them before the House.

And he presented the fame, with a List of the Titles, to the House, accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session. 1

Mr. Secretary St.John also acquainted the House, Queen That her Majesty having been humbly waited upon, to appoints to know herPleafure, when lhe would be attended by this be attended: House, her Majesty had been pleased to appoint this Day, at One of the Clock, at her Palace at St. James's.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday . Morning, Nine of the Clock.

11 Ann.

21

JuttH.

lit

A*fwer to KdoliitioKL

Thanks on Answer.

Sabbati, 21® *Junii;

Anno ii* Annas Reginas 1712. Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported, That he, with the House, did attend her Majesty, at her) Palace of St. James’s, on Thursday, and humbly presented to her Majesty the Refointion of the House of Tueftlay last: To which her Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer; viz.

Gentlemen,

I return you hearty Thanks for this Resolution, which is very becoming you, who truly represent-all my Commons.

You have shewn yourselves honest Afferters of the Monarchy, zealous Defenders of the Constitution, and real Friends to the Protestant Succession.

What I have said and done is sufficient to satisfy any Person who is in earnell for the Succession, as by Law established, in the House of Hanover; that I need not be put in mind of doing any thing which may contribute to render that Succession secure.

Resolved, That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to her Majesty for her said most gracious Answer.

That the Committee, pursuant to an Order of this House, have several times met, and called before them divers Persons to prove the Allegations contained in the said Petition: And that it appeared to the Committee, by the Testimony of several Witnesses summoned before them, That, on the Twenty-eighth Day of March last, John Bryan and Philip Cholmlty, in the Petition named,

attending at Westminster with a Representation of many

great Outrages, Assaults, and Woundings, committed by Soldiers, in great Numbers, at several times, upon Constables, in the Liberty of , in the Execution of their Office, pursuant to her Majesty’s late gracious Letter to the Custos Rotulerum, and Ord^r of Sessions of the Justices of Westminster thereupon (and which, upon Examination, we find to be true); they the said Bryan and Cholmley were affaulled, without any Provocation, by several Footmen and Servants; who, in a very tumultuous manner, at the Foot of the Stairs going up to the House of Commons, fell upon the said Bryan and Cholmley, while both Houses of Parliament werefitting j and, the said Bryan escaping for fear of his Life, the said Footmen took the said Cholmleyand, after beating and kicking him, hoisted him on a Pole; carried him, with great Clamour and Noise, twice round Westminster-hall, and then to the Water-fide; and though he, on his

Knees, entreated their Compassion, yet they threw him into the Thames, with his Head dow nwards (being then near High-water): And John Clarke, a Waterman, fee-Ordered, That the same be returned to her Majesty ing Cholmley likely to be drowned and taking Pity on

> Tllxh Vtomkon Affhlc UA,.so XI.I.A..’. , . 1 ,. ' I , T-l t- '/.*

XeTon

"Writ.

Scarborough

Writ.

by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Devon, in the room of Sir William Pole Baronet; who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Master of her Majesty’s Houshold.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the clotting a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia

him, took him up; but the Footmen, taking the said Cholmley a Second time, threw him into the Thames again, with his Head foremost; whereupon the said Waterman, fearing the said Cholmley would be drowned, took him out of the Water into his Boat, and carried him off; but the Footmen, with Oaths and Curies, threatened to do him the said Waterman, some Mif-chief, and to slave his Boat, for his Compassion to Cholmley: And the said Clarke was forced for some Days to absent himself from Westminster Bridge, the usual Place of his Plying, for fear of the Footmen there doing him Mischief; several of them threatening to murder him l That Mr Bryanlaid, That though hecharged the said Footmen to keep the Peace, and Ihewedthem his Con*

Leftwithiel

Writ.

Trant’* Claim on Col. Rico.

ment for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of stable’s Staff; yet, in Contempt of Authority, and the ‘ ~ ‘ Laws, they pursued him; and, had he not accidentally

escaped, he verily believes, they had used him in the same barbarous manner as they had done Mr. Cholmley.

Mr. Cholmley, the Person that was so abused by the Footmen (who, by reason thereof, and of his Hurt and Bruises received thereby, was incapable to attend us at our Firit Sittings, but at last, with great Difficulty, attending,) said, That he endeavoured to make his Escape from them, and run up the Stairs that goes into the Money Exchequer; but some of the Officers fearing that their breaking into the Exchequer might have been of dangerous Consequence to the Government, shut the Doors of the Exchequer, and so he fell into their Power.

He said. That the Footmen kicked him, trampled upon him, and bruised him; and then, by Force, set him upon a Pole, and he was carried twice round West-That they twisted his Legs round the Poll, and put him to great Misery and Pain; and that he was so used by them very near Three Quarters of an

York, in the room of John Hungerford Esquire; who, since his Eleci ion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of Alienation.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament lor the Borough of Left wit hiel, in the County of Cornwal, in the room of John Hill Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Lieutenant General of the Ordnance.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That Ihewill be graciously pleased to give Directions for transferring to Mrs. Anne Trant to many of the Debentures in the Hands of the Commissioners, who were appointed to inquire how the Debentures, which had been issued to Colonel John Rice, had been disposed of, as shall amount to the Sum of One thou-<

sand Four hundred and Fifty-two Pounds, which hath Hour, before they threw him into the Thames; and then

Abuse of

appeared to this House to be due to her from the said John Rice, and the Interest thereof.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Medlicotreported fram the Committee, to whom Constables in the Petition of several Constables, within the City and Westminster. jjberty of Westminster, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Vol. 17.

they threw him in twice, with l)is Head downwards; and believes he had been drowned, had it not been for Clarke the Waterman.

He further said. That, by reason of the Terror and Fright that they had put him into, he had not the Use of his Understanding, as before, for near a Month following; and that by reason of the many Bruises he received by the Footmen, and being thrown into the Thames, his Health is so much impaired, that he is afraid he shall never recover it, and have the Use of his Limbs, to maintain his Family.

And he appeared to the Committee to be in *a very miserable Condition.

4 A He

r

274

o cy

31 JKMl-

A. 1712.

He, being otked, Whether he knew any of the Footmen that abated him, said, Ho knew none of them by Name; but, he believes, he knows the Faces of Two qr Three of them, if he could lee them again.

That the Committee do find, That the Petitioners have fully made out the Allegations of the Petition; But, notwithstanding all the Care they have taken to discover the Actors of this notorious Tumult, having summoned most of the Shopkeepers in and about

minster-hq.il, who all deny, that they know any of the Names of the Footmen; and either will not, or cannot, discover them; the Committee have not been able to find out the Names of the Persons; but it is very noto-. rious, That the said Riot was begun, and carried on, by the Footmen, and Men in Liveries.

Rejqlved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That (he will be pleased to issue her Royal Proclamation, promising a Reward to such Perton as shall discover those that have been guilty of the bar* barous Usage of John Bryan and Philip Two

of the Constables within the Liberty and City of minster; and to grant a Pardon to any Person that was concerned in the fame, for making such Discovery, so that such Offender be convicted for the fame, except the principal Actors therein.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Sufferers in Ordered, That the Papers relating to the Losses of Nevis and St. the Sufferers at Nevis and Saint Christopher, presented Christophei’s. this House from the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, be returned to the proper Officer of that Commission.'

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fellows, and Mr. MeUor;

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Duties on for laying additional Duties on Hides and Skins, Vel-Hides, &c. fom Parchment, and new Duties on Starch, Coffee,

Tea, Drugs, Gilt and SilverWire.and Policies of Infur* ance, to secure a yearly Fund, for Satisfaction of Orders to the Contributors of a farther Sum, of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and for the better securing the Duties on Candles; and for obviating Doubts concerning certain Paymentsin Scotland', and for suppressing unlawful Lotteries,

and other Devices of the same Kind; and concerning Cake Soap; and for Relief of Mary Ravenal, in relation to an Annuity of Eighteen Pounds per Annum.; and concerning Prize Cocoa Nuts brought from America, and certain Tickets which were intended to be subscribed into the Stock of the South Sea Company; and for appropriating the Monies granted this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment.

Cwnmission- The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An n for Army Act for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and Debts. determine, the Debts due to the Army, Transport Service, and Sick and Wounded, without Amendment.

Royal Afoot A Message from her Majesty, by Sir William Oldes, to Bill*. Geotleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went to attend her Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That her Majesty had been pleased to give the Rojral Assent to the fereral pubhek and private Bills following;

An Act for laying additional Duties on Hides and Skins, Vellom and Parchment, and new Duties on Starch, Coffee, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and Silver Wire, and Policies of Infuraoce, to secure a yearly Fund, for Satisfaction of Orders to the Contributors of a farther Sum, of One *5

million Eight hundred thousand Pounds towards her Majesty’s Supply ;«nd for the better securing the Duties on Candles; and for obviating Doubts concerning certain Payments in Scotland; and for suppressing unlawful Lotteries, and other Devices of the same Kind; and concerning Cake Soapand for Relief of Maiy Ravenal, in relation to an Annuity of Eighteen Pounds per Annum-, and concerning Prize Cocoa Nuts brought from America, and certain Tickets which were intended to be subscribed into the Stock of the Sea Company; and for appropriating the Monies granted this Session of Parliament:

An Act for continuing the Trade to the South Seas, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, although the capital Stock of the said Corporation should be redeemed:

An Act for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Transport Service, and Sick and Wounded:

An Act for continuing the Trade and Corporation Capacity, of the united East Company, although their Fund should be redeemed:

An Act for explaining fereral Clauses in an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of the Sufferers of the I (lands of Nevis and Saint Christopher, by reason of the invasion of the French there, in the Year 1705:

An Act for the appointing the Circuit Courts in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to be kept only once in a Year:

An Act for enlarging the Time for the Ministers, Advocates, and other Members of the College of Justice iu Scotland, to take the Oaths therein mentioned:

An Act for the better ascertaining and securing the Payments to be made to her Majesty for Goods and Merchandizes to be imported from the East Indies, and other Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the East India Company:

An Act to enable James Duke of Ormond, wad Charles Earl of Arran, of the Kingdom of his Brother,

to convey to her Majesty the Regalities, Franchises, Liberties, and Jurisdictions, in the County of Tiperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in order to their being extinguished in the Crown; and to enable her Majesty to grant an Equivalent for the fame:

An Act for enlarging the Time for Sale of Part of the Estate of the Right honourable Richard Lord of the Kingdomof Ireland, vested in Trustees by an Act of Parliament, lately passed in the said Kingdom:

An Act for the Relief of Sir William Douglas, Lieutenant General ofher Majesty’s Forces:

An Act for Sale of some Part of the real Estate of Baptist May Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for confirming a Partition made between William Pynjent Esquire, and Mary his Wife, John

Treviltian Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and their Trustees, of several Manors and Lands, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for Sale of the Estate of Francis Moore Esquire, in the County of Wilts, for discharging an Incumbrance thereon; and for raffing a Portion for his only Daughter; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: An Act for vesting in Trustees the real Estate of Barbara, foie Daughter and Heir of , late

of the City of Litchfeild, Esquire, and now Wife of Mr.

Walter Cheticynd, for the Performance of Articles, on

her Marriage, notwithstanding her Minority:

An Act for vesting the Inheritance of the Manor of Court-ut-Weeh, and divers other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Sir Robert Aufien Baronet, deceased:

An Act for vesting several Lands in Netherex, Silverton, and Thorverton in the County of Devon, in Trustees to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An

ri Ann. 2i* JuniL-~ % ° 275

An Act for confirming aLeafe made by Pal-

mer and Robert Palmer Esqaires, for a farther Provision-for Payment of the Debts of the said Geffery Palmer: An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with George Dixon Doctor in Divinity, as he was Surety for his Father while Receiver General for the County and City of

And that afterwards her Majesty was pleased to make amost gracious Speech to both Houses: And, to prevent: any Mistake, he had obtained a Copy thereof; which he read; and is as followeth viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen.

The TH E lait Time I was here I spoke so folly, and after*

Speech. war(js received from both Houses such satisfactory Addresses, that there remains little more for me to say at the Closeof thisMeeting of Parliament, but to repeat my hearty Thanks for your late solemn Assurances: They will give me Strength to strugglewith any Difficulties which may yet be raised; and I hope, that -neither they who envy the making a good Peace, nor who think it theirlnterest to continue the War, will be able to defeat our joint Endeavours for the Honour and Advantage of Britain, and the Security of all our Allies. Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

At the same time that I thank }’ou moil kindly for the Supplies you have chearfully granted, I cannot but let you know my Satisfaction in the near View I have of a Peace; since it will, in some measure, recompense my Subjects for their vail Expences, and also lighten that heavy Burthen they have borne during the War.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

You have expressed how sensible you are of the Advantage and Security which accrue to Britain, and our Allies, by the Terms proposed for a Peace; and I need not mention to you the Mischiefs which mull follow the breaking off this Treaty: OurBurthens would be, at lead, continued, if not increased; the present Opportunity would be irrecoverably loll of Britain's establishing a real Balance of Power in and improvingour own

Commerce; and, if any One of our Allies should gain lbmething by such a Proceeding, the rest would suffer in the common Calamity: But I hope, by God’s Blefting, such fatal Designs will be disappointed.

You are now returning into your respective Countries; and I persuade myself, you will not be wanting in your Endeavours to obviate thcDefignsof any ill-minded Persons who may attempt to fow Sedition amongstmy Subjects; and, under specious Pretences, carry on Designs they dare not own.

1 hope at your next Meeting the re will be an Opportunity of perfecting what I have recommended to you, which you have left unfinithed in this Selfton.

I cannot conclude without alluring you. That nothing shall move me from lleadily pursuing the true Interest of so dutiful and affectiouate a People.

Adjournment/ And that afterwards the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal signified her Majesty’s Pleasure, That both Houses should forthwith severally adjourn until Tuesday the Eighth Day of July next.

And then the House accordingly adjourned till Tuesday the Eighth Day of July next, Niue of the Clock.

Martts, 8° Julii;

Anno 1 i' Ann® Reginae, 1712.

Praters.

Somerset f\RDE RED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-

r,t* rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight to serve in this present Vo*,. 17.

Parliament for the County of Somerset, in the room

of Sir William Wyndham Baronet J who, fine* his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Secretary at War to her Majesty’s Forces,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue hiaWarrant to the Cambridfii Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the University of Cambridge, in the room of the honourable DixieWindeJbr Esquire; who, since his Election

for the said University, hath accepted the Office of Chief Keeper of the Ordnance, Munition, and Stores; belonging to the Office of Ordnance.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the B«b

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Berks, in the room of the Right honourable Mr. Secretary St.John, now Lord Viscount -

brooke, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Sufle* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Sussex, in the room of Charles Eversfeild Esquire; who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer and Paymaster of the Ordnance.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Newport the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Wrii electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, alias Meden in the County of Southampton, in the room of William Stevens Esquire; who fiuce his. Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for victualing her Majesty’s Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker d6 issue his Warrant to Southampton the Clerk-of the Crown, to make out anew Writ for Writ, the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir bimeon Stuart Baronet; who; since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of One of the Chamberlains of her Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Hereford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament wn for the County of Hereford, in the room of John Prise Esquire; who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for managing the Duties of Excise.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Hereford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for c*^ the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Hertford, in the room of Thomas Foley Esquire: who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffile his Warrant to Cambridg* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a n«w Writ for Wnt* the electing a Bnrgefs to serve in this present Parliament lor the Town of Cambridge, in the room of John Hmde Cotton Esquire; who, since his Election 1 for the said Town hath accepted the Office of Ope of the Cpinijiif-Goners for Trade apd Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Hyeth Writ; the Clerk of the Crown, to make out R new Writ Tor the electing a Com Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Hyeth, in the County of Kent, in the room of William Berners Esquire, deceased.

A Message

Cfj6

Parliament

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Proclaim^ tion for meeting of Parliament

Parliament

prorogued.

8* — 3I'Julii. — i^Sep. — — it?Jan.

A Message from the Lords by Sir William Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Londs, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read for proroguing the Parliament until the

3 ift Day of this Instant July.

And the Parliament was prorogued, accordingly until Thursday the 3)ft Day of this instant July.

jlovisy 31° die Julit;

Anno n* Ann® Regin®, 1712.

THE House being met; and Mr. Speaker being, in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

honourable House, in the House of Peers> to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read; for proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the 25th Day of September next.

And the same was prorogued, accordingly, until Thursday the 25th Day of September next.

Jovist 25* die;

Anno ii* Ann® Regin®, 1712.

THE House being met; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was bronglit from the Lords, by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: Gentlemen,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, the House, with the Clerk, went up to' the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the Sixth Day of November next.

And the same was prorogued, accordingly, until Thursday the Sixth Day of November next.

Jovisy 6° die;

Anno ii* Ann® Regin®, 1712.

THE House being met; and Mr. Speaker being Hill in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: Gentlemen,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the Thirteenth Day of January next.

And the same was prorogued, accordingly, until Tuesday the Thirteenth Day of next.

By the QUEEN.

A PROCLAMATION.

ANNER.

WHEREAS our Parliament Hands prorogued to Tuesday the Thirteenth Day of January next; We, with the Advice of our Privy Council, publish and declare our Pleasure, That the said Parliament shall, on the said Thirteenth Day of January next, be held, and fit, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and Important

Affairs: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are hereby required and commanded to give their Attendance accordingly, at Westminster the said Thirteenth Day of January next.

Given at our Court at Windsor, the Sixteenth Day of November 1712, and in the Eleventh Year of our Reign.

GOD save the Queen.

Mart is y 13* die Januarii,

Anno 11* Anne Regin®, 1712.

THE House being met, pursuant to her Majesty’s Royal Proclamation, hereunto annexed:

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Davis, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the Third Day of February next.

And the same was prorogued, accordingly, until Tuesday the Third Day of February next.

*77

12 Ann. 30 — i ffeb. — 30 — -io°- — 17° — 26°Mar. of — Apr.

Parliament

turlher

prorogued.

Martis, 30 dieFebruarii;

Anno ii° Ann® Regin®, 1712.

THE House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the Seventeenth Day of February Instant.

And the same was prorogued, accordingly, until Tuesday the Seventeenth Day of 'instant.

Martis, 17* die Februarii;

Anno it* Ann® Reginas, 1712.

Parliament r H E House being met;

further I A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir

prorogued. William Oldes, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the Third Day of March next.

And the same was prorogued, accordingly, until Tuesday the Third Day of March next.

Martis, 30 Martii;

Anno ii* Ann® Regina, 1712.

Parliament rp H E House being met;

funher _ X A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir prorogue . William Oldes, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the Tenth Day of March Instant.

And the Parliament was prorogued, accordingly, until Tuesday the Tenth Day of March Instant.

Martis, 1 o° die Martii;

Anno 12* Ann® Regin®, 1712.

Parliament Hp’ IIE House being met;

fcitiier JL A Message was brought from the.Lords, by Sir prorogued. William Oldes, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the Seventeenth Day of March Instant.

And the Parliament was prorogued, accordingly, until Tuesday the Seventeenth Day of March Instant.

Martis, 170 Martii;

Anno 12* Ann® Regin®, 1712.

Pmiiament fl^HE House being met;

further X A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir

prorogued. William Oldes, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peere: Where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the Six-and-twentieth Day of March Instant.

And the same was prorogued, accordingly, till Thursday the Six-and-twentieth Day of March Instant.

'Jovis, 26' die Martii;

Anno 12* Anns Regin®, 1713.

Parliament r 11H E House being met j

further X A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir for proroguing the Parliament till Thursday the Ninth

prorogue. William Oldei,'Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: Day of April next.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s And the same was prorogued, accordingly, till Thurs Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this day the Ninth Day of April next.

honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read.

Jovis, 9*;

Anno 12* Ann® Regin®, 1713.

Vessape to A MESSAGE from her Majesty, by Sir William atu-wi ihe f\ Oldes, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: tkLteu' Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her immediately, in the House of Peers.

Yol. 17.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty.

And, being returned;

Several Members took the Oaths, and made and sub- Member* feribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the ta'c# Oath*. Oath of Abjuration, according to the..Laws made for those Purposes.

4B Mr.

278 9# Aprilis 1713.

Th« Queen'* Mr. Speaker reported. That lie had, with the House, speech attended her Majesty in the House of Peers; and that

reported. her Majesty had been pleased to open this Session with

a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, declaring the causes of calling this Meeting; and that, to prevent any Mistakes, he had desired and obtained a Copy thereof: Which he read > and is as follows; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I ended the last Session with my hearty Thanks for the solemn Assurances you had given me; by which I have been enabled to overcome the Difficulties contrived to obstruQ; the general Peace.

I have deferred opeuing the Session until now, being very defirotts to communicate to you, at your iirft Meeting; the Success of this important Affair: It is therefore with great Pleasure I tell you, the Treaty is signed, and in few Days the Ratifications will be exchanged.

The Negotiation has been drawn into so great a Length, that all our Allies have had sufficient Opportunity to adjuff their several Inter efts: Though the Publick Charge has been thereby much increased; yet I hope my People will be easy under it, since we have happily obtained the End we proposed.

What I have done for securing the Protestant Succession, and the perfect Friendship there is between me and the House of Hanover, may convince such as wish well to both, and desire the Quiet and Safety of their Country, how vain all Attempts are to divide us; and those who would make a Merit by separating our Interests will never attain their ill Ends.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

As great a Progress has been made in reducing the Publick Expence, as the Circumstances of Affairs would admit.

What Force may be necessary for securing our Commerce by Sea, and for Guards and Garisons, I leave intirely to my Parliament.

Make yourselves safe, and I shall be satisfied.

Next to the Protection of the Divine Providence, I depend upon the Loyalty and Affection of my People.

I want no other Guaranty.

I recommend tp your Care those brave Men, who have served well by Sea or Land this War, and cannot be employed in time of Peace.

1 mufi desire you to provide the Supplies you shall judge' requisite; and to give such Dispatch as may be necessary for your own Ease, and the Publick Service.

My Lords and Gentlemen, .

The-many Advantages I.have obtained for-my own Subjects have occasioned much Opposition, and long Delay, to this Peace.

It affords me great Satisfaction, that my People will: have it in their Power, by degrees, to repair what they have ftiffered.during so long and burdensome a War.

The Ealing of our foreign Trade, as far as is conliftent with national Credit, will deserve your Care:

And to think of proper Methods for improving and encouraging our Home Trade and Manufactures, particularly the Fishery; which may. be carried on to employ all our spai e Hands, ;and be a mighty Benefit even to theremoteft Parts of this Kingdom.

Several Matters were laid before you last Session, which the Weight and Multiplicity of other Business would not’permit you'to perfect: 1 hope you will take a proper Opportunity to give them due Consideration.

I cannot, however, but exprefiy mention my Dif-pleasureat the unparalleledLicentiousness in publilliing seditious and scandalous Libels.

The Impunity such Practices have met with has encouraged the blaspheming every thing sacred, and the propagating Opinions tending to the Overthrow of all Religion and Government: Prosecutions have been ordered; but it will require some new Law to put a Stop to this growing Evil; and your best Endeavours in your 4-efpeCUve Stations, to discourage it.

The impious PractTce of Duelling requires some speedy and effectual Remedy.

Now we are entering upon Peace Abroad, let me conjure you all to use your utraoft Endeavours for calming Mens Minds at Home; that the Arts of Peace may be cultivated.

Let not groundless Jealousies, contrived by aFaClion, and fomented by Party Rage, ell’ect that which our foreign Enemies could not.

I pray God to direct all your Confutations for his Glory, and the Welfare of my People.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an Address be Address on I

presented to her Majesty, returning her Majesty the the humble Thanks of this House, for her most gracious Speech' Speech from the Throne; congratulating her Majesty upon the Conclusion of the Peace; not doubting but her Majesty in her Wisdom and Justice, has taken care of the Interests of her own People, and procured all that was reasonable for her Allies; and expressing the great Satisfaction of this House in the perfect Friendship her Majesty has been pleased to declare there is between her and the House of Hanover; since they entirely rely on her Majesty’s Concern for securing the Protestant Succession, on which the future Happiness of this Kingdom depends: And promising her Majesty, That this House will give all possible Dispatch in providing the necessary Supplies; and have a particular Regard to the other Matters her Majesty has recommended in her Speech.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address on the said Resolution:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Iianmer, Mr. Pylts,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Conyers, Mr,

Sir Jo. Stonehouse., Mr. Manley, Mr. Cwfar, Sir Tho.

Powys, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Clarke,

Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Monclcton, Mr. Gzoyn, Mr.

Mr. Shackerley, Sir Richard FaringtMr. , Mr.

Annejley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Chowne,

Mr. Finch, Lord Downe, Mr. Goulfion, Mr. Freman, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Campion, Mr. r

Mr. Guilfons, Mr. Solicitor Gene.al, Sir Mr. Ward, Sir Wm. Wyndham:And they are to meet this

Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That her Majesty’s Speech be referred to the said Committee.

A Bill for the better enforcing the Execution of the Law for preventingclandestine Outlawries, was read the Bl ’

First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion clo £’ran<1 fit every Tuesday, in the Afternoon, in the House. 0Duml t9'

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursdayfm the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elec- Commit:# tions be appointed: of Privily*

And it is referred to Mr. Freman, Mr. Conyers, Mr. IJungerfovd, Sir Richard How, Sir Richard Sir

Cha. Hedges, Mr. Shackerlei/, Sir Rob. Eden, Sir Tho.

Pozoys, Colonel Trevanion, Mr. Gore, Captain Burgh,

Mr. Nicolas, Mr. Auditor Harley, Colonel Byerley, Sir Jacob Bankes, Sir Geo. Nczcland, Sir Hugh Colonel Lee, Mr. Monckton, Lord , Mr. Hedges,

Mr. Chozvn, Lord Downe, Sir Richard Farington, Sir Richard Onflozo, Mr. Finch, Mr. Onslow, Sir Bradshaigh, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Vincent, Sir Geo. Warburton, Mr. Brigjlock, Mr. Smith, Sir Tho. Gery, Mr.

Ctcfar, Mr. Lozcndes, Mr. Attorney General Mr. Wort-ley, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Shofto, Lord Cnjllecomber,

Sir Wm. Curew, Mr. Mr. W 'ard, Sir Richard

12 Ann. 90 April279

Hoar, Sir John Cope, Sir John Lord

Pozvldt, Sir Wtn.Whillocke, Mr. Sir

tyn, Mr. Coulston, Sir Robert Wyndham,

Air. Roberts, Mr. Pytts, Sir Tho. Sir Dash-

wood, Mr. Harley, \I r. Burslem, Sir James Campbell, Sir IVm. Barker, Sir John Stonehouse, Mr. Mr.

Chapman, Mr. Pozoleti, Mr. Mr. Harris, Mr.

IJarcourt, Mr. Aijlaby, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Moor, Mr. Foley, Mr. Ogletliorp, Sir Nic. Morice, Mr. Solid* for General, the Earl of Hartford, Sir Tho. Hammer, Mr. Sharp, Sir IVm. Withers, Lord Sir

Cafs, Mr. Renda, Mr. Berney, Mr. Everrfeild, Sir Turner, Sir Wm. Boughton, Sir Just. Isham, Mr. Ash, Sir Ja. Mountague, Sir Ja.Lang, Mr. Gtoyn, General Seymour, Mr. Scobell, Mr BMr Mr. Jefferies, Mr. Mitton, Sir Hum. Mackworth, Mr. Harnage, Sir Roger Mofton, Coloftel Stephens, General Rosse, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Serjeant Comyns, Sir Hen. Johnjbn, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Cutrance, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Sir Gilbert Mr. Randyll, Sir Alex-

ander Cuming, Mr. Winnin Mr. Lewis,~Mt. Annejley, And they are to meet on next, at Five o’Clock

in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, in the Afternoon:

And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Confederation all such Matters, as shallor may come in question, touching Returns, Elefitions, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns, in the First Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question Returns are to do it in Fourteen Days next: and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And if any thing shall come in question touching the Return, Elefition, Or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Cfual Order*. Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition, touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against'.

Resolved, That in case it shall appear, any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, as a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respefit of his Evidence to be given to this House, or to any Committee thereof; or, direfilly or indirectly, hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence; the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemea-nor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before the House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is an high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of a County, to concern himself in the Elefilions of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he flia.ll fee, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Cham-VOL. 17.

her be locked up etery Morhing, at the Sitting of thle House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk of this House, to be locked up by him: And that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Galleries thereof; while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that, from Nine a Clock in the MomiUg to Three in the Afternoon, during this Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple-bar and Westminster-hall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster-kall, or Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of the Parliament; and that there be no Annoyances, by Chairmen, footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster: And that he do fee the fame

put in Execution.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care, that no Footmen be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That no Committees do fit in a Morning; without the special Leave of this House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, The Queen’* take into Consideration her Majesty’s most gracious Speech to b* Speech to both Houses of Parliament. considered.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to East Retford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the defiling a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, in the room of Willoughby Hickman Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Tregony the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the defiling a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tregony, in the County of Cormoall, in the room of the Right honourable Francis Lore Viscount Ryalton, now Earl of Godolphin.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Romney the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the defiling a Com Baron to serve in the present ParliaT ment for the Port of Romney, in the County of Kent, in the room of Walter Whitfield Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant tO( WetUow the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for WnC the ele6ting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Portpigham, alias , ini!

the County of Cornwall, in the room of Arthur -tearing Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to' Wigan Writ* the Clerk of the Crowo, to make out a new Writ fori the elefiting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wigan, in the County Palatine of Ijmcafier, in the room of Henry Bradshaigh Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Westminster the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ.

the

Clithero

Writ.

Sandwich

Writ,

Malmcfbury

Writ.

Monmouth

Writ.

Dumfreize, Itc. Writ.

Printing the Vote*.

Douglas

Navigation.

Ditto.

280 90 — 10° Aprilis. . 1713.

the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Westminster, in the room of Thomas

Medlycoit Esquire; who, since his Election for the said City, has accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of her Majesty’s Revenues in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clilhero, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the room of Christopher Parker

Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Com Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, in the room of Sir Henry Fnrnefc Knight and Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, ThatMr. Speaker do issue his Warrantto the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmcfbury, in the County of in

the room of Thomas Farrington Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Min the room of James Gunter Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Burghs of Dumfreize, Kirkcudbright, Annan, Lochmahen, and Sanquhar, in the room of John Hutton Esquire, M. D. deceased.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker: And that he do appoint the Printing thereof: And that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, N ine a Clock.

Veneris, xo° Aprilis;

12* Annae Regime, 1713.

Praters.

A PETITION of several of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the making the River Douglas navigable, from a Place called Hejketh Bank to the Town of Wigan, in the said County, would advance several Manufactures; save the Land-carriage of Coals, Slate, fife.j and increase Trade: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for that Purpose. And,

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and others, inhabiting in that Part of Lancashire called the Fyld, in behalf of themselves, and several Thousands

of Persons there, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the River Douglas, running from the Town of Wigan, in that County, to the River where ships of Burden come, may be made navigable: Thatalong the River Douglas, and its adjacent Parts, are many Pits of Coal, Delves of Stone and Slate, &c. the Land-carriage of which is not only very chargeable, but dangerous: That the making the said River Douglas navigable would advance the Manufactures, increase Trade, and open a Communication with several Places, to the Advantage thereof: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Pill, according to the Prayers of the said Petitions: And that

Mr. Shutlleicorlh, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, and the Earl of Barrymore, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Sir Bourchier Wrey Baronet, and Dame Wrev’» Diana his Wife, and of Chichester Wrey, Clerk, only Pro-ther|of the said Sir Bourchier JVrey, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, by Lease and Release, dated the 9 th and totli Days of February 1707, being the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Petitioner Sir Bourchier with the Petitioner Dame Diana, did convey to Trustees, and their Heirs, all that capital Messuage called Taicstock, and the Manors of Taivfiock Holme, Kingstone, and others therein named, with the Appurtenances, in the county of / the Rectory and Tythes of St.Vipe, and the Manor of Trebeth, in Com' Cornwall, and all other his Lands in the said Counties of Devon and Cornwall, to the Uses following; viz. As to the Barton and Farm of Taw/lock, to Sir Bourchier, for Life; Remainder to Dame Diana, for Life, as Part of her Jointure: As to the rest of the Premises, to Sir Bourchier for Life; but subject to Payment off. 200 per Annum to Sir Bourchier^ Mother, for Life; and also £.1,500 to the Petitioner Chichester Wrey, then for railing £.350 per , to make up Dame Diana’s Jointure /. 600 per Annum; with other Remainders over: That Sir Bourchier has Power to fill up Leases of all the Estates, except Tawjlock; which is all the Demesneof the Family, and not above £. 250 per Annum: That Sir Bourchier is unable to pay the £. 1,500 to the Petitioner Chichester Wrey, and his other Debts, unless impowered to fell some Part of the said Estate included in the said Settlement: That'he is willing to part with such Power of Leafing; which is more than Equivalent for such Sale: That he has no Issue Mate, and but one Daughter; and all Parties are consenting; but the same cannot be done without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for Sale of some Part of the Estate included in the said Settlement, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Richard Vivyan, and Mr. Quick, do prepare and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Pytts reported from the Committee, to whom it Address 00 was referred to draw up an Address upon she Resolution the Yesterday, to be presented to her Majesty, That they had Speecll‘ drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered itin at the Clerk’*

Table: Where it was read; and is as follows $ viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, beg Leave, with all Humility, to approach your Royal Person, with our unanimous Acknowledgments for all the Benefits we enjoy under your Majesty’s most auspicious Reign.

The many and great Successes which have attended your Majesty’s Arms had left nothing to be wished but such a Peace as might be conducted by your Councils; which now we have the Happiness to fceaccompliftied:

And as we are truly sensible of your Majesty’s gracious and generous Intentions in undertaking that great Work; so we have all possible Reafoh to admire your Steadi-ness in carrying it on, and overcoming the many Difficulties contrived to obstruct it: And it is with the highest Satisfaction we congratulate your Majesty upon the happy Conclusion of this Treaty; for we are so much convinced of your Majesty’s tender Regard to the Publick Welfare, and the many Instances of ybur Wisdom have taught us to have so perfect a Reliance upon it, that we cannot doubt but your Majesty hath procured all reafoiiable Satisfaction foryour Allies, and established the Interest of your own Kingdoms in such a manner, as to make us not only feoure lor the future, but a flourishing and a happy People.

Your

i2 Ann. 10° — -i i° Aprilis.

281

Your Majesty can give no higher Proof of the Care you take of Posterity, than by the Concern you are pleased to express for the Protestant Succession in the House of Hanover; upon which the future Happiness of this Kingdom so much depends: We hope and trust, that nothing will ever be able to interrupt the Friend-ship between your Majesty and that illustrious Family; since the wicked Designs of those who would endeavour to Separate your Interests must be too plain ever to succeed.

Your faithful Commons can never enough express the grateful Sense they have of the many gracious Assurances contained in your Majesty’s Speech: And after what your Majesty hath done to ease your Subjects of the heavy Burthen which before layupon them; and after your unparalleled Goodness in demanding nothing from them for the time to come, but what they themselves shall judge requisite for their own Safety; the belt Return they can make will be a ready and dutiful Compliance with every thing you have been pleased to recommend to them; and they cannot fail most chearfully to set about the providing the Supplies necessary for this Year’s Service. Your Majesty’s repeated Con-descensions mult in the strongeft manner engage the Hearts and Affections of all your Subjects to your Majesty: And we are satisfied we cannot more truly represent them, than by contributing our utmost Endeavours to make your lleign as prosperous, glorious, and easy to yourself, as it is beneficial and happy to your People.

The said Address being read a Second time;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " might be conducted

And the Question being put. That those Words Hand Part of the said Address;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, }*3>-

XdcfcrA. Ko-. }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to her Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council do humbly know her Majesty’s Pleasure, whenlhe will be attended by this House.

Norfolk, in the room of Horatio Esquire; who,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of her Majesty’* Revenues in Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 11° die Aprilis;

12* Annas Reginas, 1713.

Prayers.

MR. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Queen

House, That her Majesty having been waited Appoints to upon, humbly to know her Pleasure, when Ihe would be *ttended* be attended by this House; her Majesty had been pleased to appoint this Afternoon at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock, at her Palace of St. James’s.

And that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That Ihe will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officer, to lay before this House an Account how the Money given by Parliament for the Service of the Years 1711 and 1712, has been disposed of; her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and other prin- Stockton cipal Inhabitants, of the ancient Borough and Town of Chapel. Stockton upon Teys, in the County of and of the

principal Inhabitants of Norton, Preston, and

Ilartburn, on the behalf of themselves and the several other Inhabitants within the said Borough and Town-ships, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Parish of Norton being large, and confuting of the Townships and Hamlets aforesaid; and the Town of Stockton being a Place of great'Trade, and very populous; the Parish Church of Norton was not sufficient for the Inhabitants thereof; wherefore the Inhabitants of the Chapelry of Stockton there have built a new Church, and are desirous to be a Parish of them-ftlves, distinct from the said Parish of Norton: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for the making the said Chapelry a distinct Pari Hi of itself) and the said new Chapel or Church, and Burying Place, a Parish Church, and Churchyard; and with such Powers for the Government thereof as shall be thought reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Conyers, and Mr. S/iaJto, do prepare. and bring in, the fame.

The Queen’* The House proceeded, according to Order, to take Vfch into Consideration her Majesty’s most gracious Speech coiiudered. to Houses of Parliament:

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That Ihe will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officer, to lay before this House an Account how the Money given by Parliament, for the Service of the Years 1711 and 1712, has been disposed of.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Supply. Then a Motion being made, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion.

Ordered, That her Majesty s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Castlenfing Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Vnt. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the

electing a Burgess to serve in this present, Parliament for the Borough of in the County of

VO L. 17.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Prevention abolish Tryals by Tingle Combat; and to prevent the DuellinS-impious Practice of Duelling: And that Mr. ford, Mr. Burjlcm, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider Expiring what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and which Laws-of them are fit to be revived and continued; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. SMr. Cccfar, Mr. Renda, Lord Castlecomber, Sir John Sir

Tho.Powell, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Gxoyn, Lord Win. Rowlett, Mr. Freman, Sir Wm. WyndhMr. By ft, Mr.

Pytts, Mr. Sharp, Serjeant ComynsMr. Robartes, Sir

Fra. Warr, Mr. Phelipps, Mr. Mr. Palmer,

Mr. Roberts, Mr. Conyers, Sir Robert Eden, Mr

.tleivorlh. Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Lozvther, Mr.

Hungerford, Sir John Stonehouse, Sir Ja. Alountague,

Mr. Chapman, Sir Gilbert J)oll>cn, Mr. Ferricr, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Mr.

Palmes, Sir Richard Vyvyan, Mr. Serjeant Pratt, Mr Bulled, Sir Wm. Bought on, Mr. Amefley; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, ' 1 '

4 C Resolved,

a8a n-"i3° —

Treatiet Rejoined, That an humble Address he preferred to

with France ||er Majesty, That the will be pleased, in due time, to *°d sPmn- communicate to this House the Treaties of Peace and Commerce entered into by her Majesty with the Crowns of France and Spain.

Ordered, That the said Addrefe be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moil honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 130 j

12* Annas Regin®, 1713.

R BAYERS.

Aofwer to Ik ItR. Speaker reported, That he did, with the House,

Addrer*. ^VX on Saturday last, present their humble Address to her Majesty: To which her Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer;

Gentlemen,

This Address cannot but be very agreeable to me, as it comes from my loyal Commons; and as it is a Continuation of those Expressions of Duty and Afleftioli which you have shewn through this whole Parliament.

Douglas Sir Roger Brad/kaigh presented to the Houft*, accord-

Navigation, ing to Order, a Bill for making the River Douglas, alias AJland, navigable, from the River into which it

runs, up the said River AJland and Douglas, to a Place called Wild Mill, in the County of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supplies for Mr. Lozondespresented to the House, pursuant to

1712, &c. their Address to her Majesty, an Account of the Supplies granted for 1712; and of the Ways and Means towards railing the fame; and the Deficiency thereof: An Account {hewing how the said Supplies were appropriated, and what Ifl’ues have been made put of the lame, until 10th of April 1713; and the Remains thereof: And,

An Account of the Sea Stock, and Dividends thereupon, and of Monies borrowed on South Sea Stock, till 10th April 1713:

And he acquainted the House, That the Account of the Supplies granted for the Year 1711 is preparing, and will be ready in a few Days:

And he delivered the first-mentioned Accounts in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the Title of the said Accounts was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be pernfed by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, That some of the Commissioners of the Customs attended.

'Prohibited They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to East India the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament, an Coods. &c. Account of the prohibited East India Goods remaining in the several Warehouses, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1711; with what has been brought in since that time, what exported} and what remains at Michaelmas' 1712: And also,

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods remaining in the respective Warehouses of the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1711; what brought in since that time, what exported 1 as also what remains at Michaelmas 1712: And also.

An Account of Naval Stores imported from into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1711 to Michaelmas 1712: And also,

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports commonly called the Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1711 to Michaelmas 1712.

140 Aprilis. A. 1713.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, refotred itself into % Supply. Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made upon Friday last, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovr Morning, Nine of the Clock.

rtis, 140 die Aprilis;

14* Annce Reginae, 1713.

Piay ist.

SIR Richard Vyvyan presented to the House, accord- Wrey*« ing to Order, a Bill to enable Trustees to fell some E flute. Outparts of the Estate of Sir Bourchier Wrey Baronet, in the County of Devon, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Answer t» House, That their Address had been presented to her -Addie*. Majesty, That file would be plealed, in due time, to communicate to this House the Treaties of Peace and Commerce entered into by her Majesty with the Crowns of France artd Spain: And that her Majesty was pleased to answer, Thatlhe intended to communicate to her Parliament the Treaties this House de-fireth, as soon as it was practicable.

A Petition of divers Owners and Proprietors of Land Ancliolm in the Level of Ancholm, in the County of Lincoln, was 1"eve1' presented to the House, and read $ setting forth. That by an Act of Parliament made in the 13th Year of King Charles the lid, it is provided, for the Maintenance of the Work of draining the said Level, it shall be lawful for Sir John Monson, his Heirs, Participants, and Assigns, having One Hundred Acres of Land in the said Level, or any Six of them, to impose Taxes on all Lands allotted to Sir John Monson, his Participants,

Heirs, and Assigns: That, the Persons qualified living remote, they have not met, nor laid any Taxes, for near Thirty Years; so that the Level, confilting of 20,006 Acres, has, for several Years past, been almost entirely under Water for great Part of the Year: And praying the said Clause may be repealed, and the Level be liable to the Laws of Sewers.

And the Clause in the said Act was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Willoughby and the Lord William Paielelt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Steyning the 'Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, in the room of the Right honourable Richard Bellew, of the Kingdom of Ireland; whose Election has been adjudged void.

Ordered,

o

Derby

Writ

Stockton

Chapel.

Ancholin

Level.

Supply.

12 Ann.

283

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, in the room of John Harper Eftjuire, deceased.

Sir Robert Eden presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making the Chapelry of Stockton a distinct Parish: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 150 Aprilis j

1 2* Anna Regin«, 1713.

Prayers.

THE Lord William Pazokit presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing a Clause in an Act, of the 13th Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Confirmation of certain Decrees of Sewers made by the Commissioners for Sewers for the Limits of the Level of the River of Ancholm, in the County of Lincoln; and that the said Level may be liable to the Laws of Seivers: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty, the Resolution they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to her Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve ilself into a Committee-of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That an Account be laid" before this House of what Ships are now employed, or in Sea Pay; and of the Number of Seamen bcrrneon board them.

Resolved, That an Account be laid before this House of the State and Condition of the Navy.

Resolved, That an Account be laid before this House of what Ships have been laid up, and paid off, Cnee the 25th of December 1710.

Resolved, That an Estimate be laid before this House of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1713.

Resolved, That a State of the Debt of the Navy, to the ift of January 1712, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an Account be laid before this House of the Number of Land Forces in her Majesty’s Pay; and where they are employed.

ReJ'olved, That an Account be laid before this House of the Forces discharged from her Majesty’s Service, since the 25th of December 1711; and at what Times, respectively.

Resolved, That an Account be laid before this House of what Number of Land Forces were kept up in Scotland during the last Peace.

Resolved, That a State of the Debt of the Army, to the 25th of March 1713, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an Account be laid before this Hoofe to what time the Troops in Pay have been paid;

and what has been paid for Subsidies to foreign Princes, for the Year 1712.

Resolved, That an Estimate be laid before this House how much will be payable to the South Company upon their Fund, for the Year 1713, over and above the Produce of Twelve Pence per Bushel on Salt.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That lhe will be pleased to direct the proper Officers to lay the said Accounts, Estimates, and States, before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House ps are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Brydgespresented to the House a State shewing

what the ordinary Pay of the foreign Forces in her Majesty’s Service in the Low Countries, who did not obey the Orders of her Majesty’s General; and the Proportion of Subsidies payable to several foreign Princes; amount to, from the 21st of May 1712; from which time a Stop has been put to the Payment thereof, pursuant to her Majesty’s Pleasure, signified by the Right honourable the Lord Viscount Bolingbroke:

And the Title of the said State was read.

Pa j of Troops who fe par a ted from the English General.

The said State is as follows; viz.

A STATE shewing what the ordinary Pay of the foreign Forces in her Majesty’s Service in thte Low Corn-tries, who did not obey the Orders of her Majesty’s General there; and the Proportion of Subsidies payable to several foreign Princes, amounts to, from the 21st of May 1712; from which Time a Stop hath been put to the Payment thereof, pursuant to her Majesty’s Pleasure, signified by the Right honourable the Lord Bolingbroke , to the 21st of December following; viz.

Part of 40,071 Men.

6,000 Danes 2,532

3,080 Hessians 10,000 Hanoverians

2 r.612

Part of 10,000 additional Men.

1.441 Holfleins — did not disobey.

1.300 Sax Got has — did not disobey.

581 Waless Regiment — did net disobey.

2.442 Munjlers, paid by the Dutch.

807 Ofnabrus, D*

797 Oojl Frieze, D*

885 He fans -

1.300 Palatines, in Spain.

260 Danes - -

6 s. d.

67.831 12 1

*5.094 7 5

a1.?*6 5 -

99.94* 4 ' ’ r

c

224,184

s. d. 3 6

n

6,332 3 —

4.854 5 "

it,186 8 — Part

Douglas

Navigation,

Earl of

Tliomond’s

Estate.

15* — 16° Aprilis.

.1713.

Part of 15,118 conditional Troops.

2,000 Palatines, in Garison at Maejlricht.

2,359 Colons -

400 Bothmar -

6,205 Prussians -2,045 additional Saxons -

2,508 Saxons, commanded by Scckendorff 701 Treves Battalion -

15,218

£ S. d.

- »5»230 2 4

- - 5*407 9 6

- m 40,000 — 3

- - 19,264 2 10

- - 11,230 18 4

" - 5*507 13 9

106,640

s. d,

7 —

SUBSIDIES.

King of Denmark Landgrave of Hesse -D* additional Subsidy -Elector Palatine -

Elector of Treves -

Prussian Agio, Bread and Forage -

21,875 ——

3>968 5 — 9>722 4 3

2.777 15 9

3,968 5 —

21,590 i 8

63,901 11 8

Total -

Of the Sum 0^.405,914 15s. 2d. as above,

There remains in the Exchequer, to be issued, of the Money voted Anno 1712, after the Abatement of the Deficiency of the Grants for the Army -

And the said Deficiency for the Army is apportioned at..... -

405,912 15 2

27,500 7 — I

328,377 11 — i

Difference

355>996 18 — i - 49.945 *7 *1

405,912 15

2

Memorandum :The above Sum of £.49,945 17*. d.has been applied towards lessening the Debt, which has gradually grown upon the Army for divers Years past, occasioned by defraying several Services, for which no particular Provision has been made by Parliament. j

Pay Office, 15th April 1713.

Ordered, That the said State do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, die A

12* Annas Reginas, 1713.

Praters.

A BILL for making the River Douglas, alias AJland, navigable, from the River into which it

runs, up the said River AJland and Douglas, to a Place called Wild Mill, in the County of Lancaster, was read

a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Barrymore, Mr. Tho. Pitt, Mr. Shuttleioorth, Mr. Geo. Pitt, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Worjley, Mr. , Mr. Robarts, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. C/iolmondley, Mr. Dockminique, Mr Ecclin, Mr. Plumptree, Mr. , Sir Gilbert

Dolben, Mr. Crojfe, Sir Tho. Powell, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Laugharn, Mr. Chapman, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Sharp, Sir Nic. Morice, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir John Packington,

Mr. Samuel Pitt, Mr. Hungerf Lord Down, Mr.

England, Lord Harley, Mr ALord Cajilecomber,

Mr. Wilson, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. , Mr. Lloyd,

Sir Win. Whitlock, Mr. Laicfon, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Peirce, Mr. Smith, Mr. Burslem, Mr. Wort-ley, Sir Richard How, Mr. Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Bertie; and all that serve for the Counties of Lancaster and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Henry Earl of Thomond, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for himself, and in behalf of the several Purchasers under an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable the Earl of Thomond to make Leases for Three Lives, with Covenants for Renewal thereof for ever, and

Grants in Fee-firm of the Lands and Hereditaments in Ireland, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That the Petitioner, by virtue of the said Act, did contract with divers Persons for Leases renewable for ever; and Deeds were executed before the 29th Day of September 1712, the time limited for making thereof: But such Deeds not being inrolled, nor the Counterparts executed, within the said time; and some other Doubts arising, by reason of some other Disadvantages the Purchasers lie under; the Purchasers are desirous to have their Leases confirmed; which cannot eflefctually be done without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for confirming the several Grants in Fee-farm made by the Petitioner, by virtue of, or since, the said Act; and for giving some other Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Wyndhamand Sir Gilbert Dolben do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Leake, from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, presented to the House an Account of the Ships which have been employed as Cruisers and Convoys in the Year 1712, over and above the Ships of War for the Line of Battle, and for Convoys to remote Parts; prepared in pursuance of an Act of Parliament; intituled, An Act for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom by Cruisers and Convoys:

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Shippen acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Commissioners for taking, examining, and Hating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and also by the Commissioners appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Transport

Service,

Cruisers and CoAvoys.

Publick

Account*.

Public

Accounts.

Answer to Adiirefs.

ZndfHd

Hoad*.

12 Ann. i 1f Aprilis. a85

Service, and Sick and Wounded, to say before the House the general State of the Receipts and Blues of the Publick Uevenue of Great Britain, between the Feast of

St. Michael 1709, and the Feast of St. Michael 1710; and the general State of the Receipts and Payments of the Publick Revenue of Grcal Britain, between the Feast erf St. Michael 1711, and the Feast erf St. Michael 1712; and also- tlieif Report, with their Remarks on the Management and Disposal of the Publick Revenue; and their Report of their Proceedings iu examining the Debts due to the Army:

And lie read the said Reports in his Place; and then presented the said States and Reports to the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next, take the said Reports into Consideration.

The said Slate and Reports are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to revive and continue the Act for taking, examining, and Hating the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and also tocontinnethe Act for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Transport Service, and Sick and Wounded: And that Sir Thomas Hanmer, Mr. Vice Chamberlain, and Sir John Jlinde Cotton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That their Address of Yesterday had been presented to her Majesty, That {he would be pleased to direct the proper Officers to lay before this House the Accounts, l.ii:mates, and States, therein mentioned; and that her Majeliv had been pleased to direct them accordingly.

A Pefitieo of fererat Farmers* Waggoners, Pack Endfield Carriers, Stage Coachmen, Carters, and Higlers, and Ro«U. others, that frequent and pass the Road, as well from and beyond Endfield, as from to,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the Petitioners are often damaged by their Goods being overturned in the said Road", occasioned by the Badness thereof: And praying, That a Bill be brought in to repair the said high Road leading from London to the-furthermeft Part of Endfield, adjoining te-the Parish of Chefihunt.in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they da examine the Matter thereof»and report the fame, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. FretnanMr. Lowndes, Mr* Smitkfon, Sir Robert Davers, Sir John Stonehouse, Sir Jof Marlin, Mr. Conyers, Sir John Cafe, Sir Robert,

Mr. Bertie, Sir Bourchier IVrey, Mr. Neivland, Mr. Fer-rier, Mr. tlalfey, Mr. Smith, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. mondley, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Quick, Mr. Gape, Mr.

Gould, Mr. Mundy. Mr. Cross, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Aijlabie, Sir Ja.Mountague, Mr. Trolman,

Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Robarts, Mr. Barlow, Colonel Stephens, Mr. Goulston, Mr. Lawson, Sir Geo.

Mr. Harcourt, Sir Jufiin. lsham, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Foley, Colonel Cage, Mr. Hart, M Mr.

Lambert, Colonel Byerley, Mr. Mr. Cafar,

Mr. Manley, Mr. Jones, Mr. Winstanley; and all that serve for the City of I^ondon, and the Counties of Middle-Jet, Hertford, Cambridge, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 17* Aprilis;

120 Annas Reginas, 1713.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parities of Endfield, Edmonton, Tottenham, Hackney, Newington, lion fey, and Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Highways from Endfielctio London are so worn «wt by frequently travelling the rein, that it is very dangerous in the Winter Season: And praying Leave to bring in a Rill to repair the Highways from to the furthermost Part of Endfield, adjoining to the Parish of Chefihunt, in the County of And

also.

Mr. Aijlabie, from the Lords Commissioners of the Navy

Admiralty, presented to the House, pursuant to their Estimau,&c. Addrefc to her Majesty, the Ordinary of the Navy for the Year 1713: And,

An Estimate of the Debt of her Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 30th of September 1712, and the 31st of December 1712: And, '

An Account of what Ships are now employed, or in Sea Pay; and of the Number of Seamen borne on board them: And also,

A Lift of her Majesty’s Ships and Vessels which have been laid up, and paid off, flnee the 23th of December 1710; and of the hired Hospital Ships, and Tenders, paid off in the same time.

And the Titles of the said Ordinary, Estimate, Account, and Lift, were read.

The said Ordinary of the Navy, for the Yrear 1713, is bound up with the other Papers of this Session The said Estimate is contained in the Two next preceding Sheets. And the said Account and Lift are as foil. viz.

V«NU 171

Navy

8 6 170 Apr 1713.

Navy Office, } An ESTIMATE of the Debt of her Majesty’s Navy* on tire Heads hereafter men-22 December i 712. 3 tioned, as it flood on the 30th September 1712.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES. DEBTS, at they (food on the 30th of September 1712#

r Particulars. TOTALS.

Wear and Tear, ordinary and extraordinary Repairs: Due for the Freight of Hospital Ships, and Tenders; as also for Stores} delivered into her Majesty’s several Yards; for which no Hills > were made out on the aforesaid 30th of September lait - -) To her Majesty’s Yards, and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and} Extraordinary thereof j £ 25>°33 2 6^ 268,218 , &d. I \ 293,251 2 6

Seamens Wages: To pay the Men unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off since thej Resolution, may require, per Estimate, the Sum of - - - j > 100,000 — —

To Ships in Sea Pay, on tire abovesaid 30th September 1712 1,886,108 > 2,000,228 a 10

To pay off, and discharge, all the Bills, entered in Conrfe, fort Chirurgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans,£ Pilotage, fife, on the Head of Seamens Wages -) Viflualing Debt, as per an Estimate received from those Commissioners: For short Allowance of the Companies of her Majesty’s Ships in> Pay; and which have been paid off - - - - -3 For Bills from Foreign Parts, and Wagesto the Officers, Workmen,} and Labourers, employed at the several Ports, fife. -j 14,120 2 10

\ 152,100 15 5 42,829 13 — .,) I94.930 8 5

Sick and Wounded, and for Exchange of French Prisoners, the Debt of that Office, as by an Estimate received from those . Commissioners; viz. Due for the Service of sick and wounded Seamen, serving aboard her} Majesty’s Fleet - - - - -j For Subsistence of French Prisoners - - 31,789 17 2I 6,920 6 — . 38>710 3 2

Total -

2»527», I9 16 n

T ' i

Memorandum

g

eg'

r —

n'

CD

Cl

Cr

o

o

c§

rT

o

Memorandum i There was remaining in the late and present Treasurers of the Navy's Hands, on the 30th September 171a, in Money, Tallies, and South Sea Stock, as under

mentioned; and may be reckoned towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy j

In What Treasurer’s Hands

In Money, Tallies, and South Sea Stock.

The Executors rTn Money of Sir Tho. jin Tallies on Littleton, vln Tall ies on

(In Money

In Tallies on In Sea In Tallies on f In Money In Tallies on on on

\ on

J In South Sea In Tallies on

the Reversionary Annuities general Mortgage, 1708

the 5th general Mortgage, 1709 Candles -

Stock -Malt Ao 1710

Cha. Co-far, Esquire.

Hops, Arno 1711 -

Malt, Anno 1 711 -Malt, Anno 1712 -Reversion of Annuities Stock -

the 14th j{sh. Aid

On the Heads of

r Wear and Tear and Ordinary.

C s. d.

' 1 00 00 y. , 8 3

62 18 9

VO 1 12 8

15,969 8 OO 1

- -

39,584 — 6

Memorandum:

17* April 1713.

That since Michaelmas last there has been received by the Treasurer of the ' Navy, towards answering the said Debt, and carrying on the current Service of the Navy, the Sum of - . - - '

That the Treasurer of the Navy has certified, by his Letter of the 15th Instant,' That by virtue of her Majesty’s Letters of Privy Seal, bearing Date the 12th of I February last, he is authorized to subscribe, as Treasurer of the Navy in South Sea Stock, so soon as the Books of the said Company shall be opened to receive the same, the Sum of - - ..

That of the Sums voted by the honourable House of Commons, for the Year} 1712, for the Naval Services, there will be Deficiencies, for the said Year, asf signified by Mr. Lmondes his Letter to the Right honourable the Lords of the C Admiralty, of the 12th of Januarypaft, the Sum of - - - )

586,620 I 10

57M02 7

286,036 12 IO

Seamens Wages.

£. s. d. 1,970 16 7-!

a,000 — — 5>3Sl 1 loi

165,252 18 9!

Victuals.

4

£. s. d.

7 10 7l

70 13 if

*2,163 9 2I

22,008 9 —

43 15 7 1,000 ——

Reserved for such Uses as the Right honourable the Lord High Treasurer shall direct.

TOTALS.

£. s. d. 5>7°4

04 ----- --|

£’ d.

9,68a 7 3

93 19 iii| 12,241 3 iof

3I5 7 4'

4,690 16 8

10,400 — '

5,000 — —,) 1,077,646 6 8

40,149 ——

7.73,232 10 — i

i>099>569 *7 9*

\ 1,444,059 1 9l

2,543,628 19 7j

Cha. Sergifon, B. T*«4

D. Mitchell, S. Hunter.

Geo. Toilet,

13 Ann. 170

288

17® Afr

Navy Office,) An E S TIM AT E of the Debt of her Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned^ 17 April 1713.S as it stood on the 31st of December last.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear, ordinary and extraordinary Repairs:

Dot- for the Freight of Hospital Ships, and Tenders; as affo for Stores'! delivered into her Majesty’s several Yards} for which no Bills > were made out on the aforesaid 31st of December last - -)

To her Majesty’s Yards, and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and") Extraordinary thereof ----- - -J

Seamens Wages:

To pay the Men unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off since the) Resolution, may require, per Estimate, the Sum of - - j

To Ships in Sea Pay, on the abovesaid December 1712

To pay off, and discharge, all the Bills entered in Course. for) Chirurgeons Nectffaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans,*' Pilotage, S(c. on the Head of Seamens Wages - - - j

Victualling Debt, as per an Eftirpate received from those Commissioners:

For short Allowance to the Companies of her Majesty’s Ships in }' Pay, and which have been paid off - -

For Bills, on their Course j and also Bills of Exchange from foreign'/ Parts; and Wages to the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers,* employed at the several Ports, fife. -j.

Sick and Wounded., and for Exchange of French Prisoners, the Debt of that Office, as by an Estimate received from those Commifiteners; r iz.

Due for the Service of Sick and Wounded, serving on board her Ma-7

jesty’s Fleet For Subsistence of French Prisoners

-3

DEBTS, as tlioy stood on the 31st December 1712.

Particulars.

L

27,800 19 1

*94>327 ——

1*7,492 — — 'i 1,619,911 — —

7>57® ——

TOTAL.

£. s. d. 222,127 19 2

*>734,979 ——

160,696

76,817

1 j a

2 7

42,146 6

7,200 19 Total -

7

7

I-

237)5T3 18 "

49,347 6 2

2,243,968 3 4

Memorandum.

D

cq

r — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

<1

c

Memorandum: There was remaining in the late and present Treasurers of the Navy's Hands, on the 3 ill of December 1712,in Money, Tallies, and Stock, as under mentioned-

and may be reckoned towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy* viz.

In What Treasurer* Hands.

In Money, Tallies, and South Sea Stock.

si In Money .< In Tallies

The Executors

of Sir Th&.l In Tallies on the Reversionary Annuities -Littleton. \ In Tallies on general Mortgage, A' 1708

In Money

r In Money ——

Roba-tJValpole, j ies on the^th general Mortgage, A' i7og

J In South Sea Stock -

L In Tallies on Malt, A' 1710 -

Esquire.

M

Charles Coe far,. Esquire.

In Money - -

In Tallies on Hops, Anno 1711 -on Malt, Anno 1712 -on Malt, Anno 1712 -on Reversion of Annuities In South Sea Stock -

In Tallies on the 14th 4/k. Aid

On the Heads of

Wear and Tear and Ordinary.

£. d.

618 10 io£

4,262 16 6 62 18 9

618 12 8 30,431 1 a 34

13,512 18 7

That the Treasurer of the Navy has certified, by his Letter of the 15th Instant, S That, by virtue of her Majesty’s Letters of Privy Seal, bearing Datethe 12th Februaryt last, he is authorized to subscribe, as Treasurer of the Navy, in South Sea Stock, foC 571 A02 7

soon as the Books of the said Company shall be opened to receive the same, the Sum of J

That of the Sums voted by the honourable House of Commons, for the Year 1712,' for the Naval Services, there will be Deficiences, for the said Year,

Mr. Lowndes' Letter to the Right honourable the Lords of the 12th of Januarypaft, the Sum of - -

Seamens Wages.

i, for the Year 171 z, Y

\z 10

£ d\ 2,398 10 3*

2,000 — — 4.431 *7 zi

49,179 3

Visual*.

£ ' d. 5*4 «9 2i

Reserved for such Uses as the Right honourable the Lord High Treasurer shall direct.

TOTALS.

£. s. d. 5,704 -

70 13 If: :: 1

- 93 19 "1/

2,163 9 2l - - - J

io,x6i 17 8 675 14 — '

_ - - 4,690 16 — I

- 10,400 — —

5,000 )

- 39»789

43 *5 7 773,232 10 -4

1,000 -

m m m -

£- s- d.

11,236 — H

961,057 16 3*

857>438 z9

1,818,496 16 3J

Dan. Furzer, Cha. Sergijon,

Tho. Jennings, D. Lyddell,

J. Hunter, B. Tymcwell.

09

VO

-stfudfr JLi 'NNy t j

290 17° Aprilis 1713.

And the said Account and Lift are as follow; viz.

Admiralty Office f ACCOUNT of what Ships are now employed, or in Sea Pay; and of the Number of Anr iJnid j Seamen borne on board them: Prepared by her Majesty’s Command, in pursuance of an

p ' ' ' t Address to her Majesty from the honourable House of Commons;

Rate.

2

3

V Ships Names. Complemen allowed. N* borne.

Blenheim - 710 696

Cornwall ' - - - 52° 524

Captaine - - 440 451

Cumberland - - - 570 42Q

Bedford - - 460 " O 4O7

Boyne - - 440 / 152

Defyance - - , 4 346

Elizabeth - - 380 121

Grafton - - 440 123

Monmouth - - - 4*5

Northumberland - - 440 433

Sterling Castle m - 440 432

Sommerfett - m - 440 274

Yarmouth - - - 440 4<->5

Anglesea m - 130 127

An! he lope - - - 280 286

Advice - - 280 2 79

August - - 365 # w/ 404

Burlington - - - 240 113

Bonadventure - - 240 216

Brijloll - - 240 227

Cen'urion - - - 280 3°3

Colchester m - 280 sJ J 273

Chester - 280 188

Chatham m - 240 85

Croton - - 280 208

Canterbury - - - 365 294

Dreadnought - - 365 240

Dover - wm 2 50 224

Dunkirke - - - 365 347

Dartmouth - - - 280 3°4

Falmouth 280 9 56

Gloucester - - - 280 254

Guernsey - - 280 2t 5

Greenwich - m - 280 281

Hampshire - - - 240 85

Lit difield m - 240 *54

Lyon - 365 39u

Moor - - 320 320

Mary - - 3^5 363

Afonk - a 365 334

Mountague - - - 365 121

Newcastle - - - 280 130

Nottingham - - m 365 356

Ormond - 280 267

Panther 240 114

Pembroke - - - 240 133

Romney - - 280 275

Rippon - - 36.5 312

Reserve - - 280 266

Ruby - - 240 202

Southampton - - 280 275

Superb - - 365 383

Sioallozo m 280 3*7

Salisbury m - 280 236

Salisbury Prize - 280 272

Tilbury - m 280 278

Tiger - 230 227

IV,indjor - . 365 360

Weymouth - - . 280 264

Woolwich 280 311

Warwick . 130 129

Winchester - - - 240 132

York 36J 363

Adventure - 190 179

Arundell _ I2K QQ

Charles Gaily - l60 y, 179

Dolphin - - *35 138

Rate.

Ships Names.

Diamond. Experiment -Enterprize -Fowey Folkjhme Fever/ham -Gosport IJe&or Hajiings Kinfate Lyme Ijooe

Loweflqffe -Ludlow C

Launcefion -Mermaid Milford Mary Gaily Royal Anne Gaily Rt/e

Roebuck Saphire Strombolo South Sea Castle Sheerness Speedicell -Scarborough Sweepfiakes -Sortings Shoreham Tartar Winchelsea -Alborough -Bideford Bland ford -Dumcich Deal Castle -Flamborough Fox Glafccw Gibraltar Greyhound -Hind Jolly Lizard Maidstone -Medicay Prize Nightingale -Newport Penzance PeregrineG&Wy Phoenix Port Mahon Queenborough Rose Squirrell Seaford Seahorse Solebay Success

Try ton's Prize Valeur

Griffin

Ferret Hound Hazard Jamaica

c

u

E"2 s ~L 3

o

U

60

45

9°

60

60

60

J°

9°

Qj

55

45

9°

45

60

9°

35

35

90

9°

45

60

9°

25

60

25

°5 45 9° 9° 45 2 5 55

5

00

J5

00

00

00

15

00

00

‘5

00 70 00 00 10

15

00

15

60

00

15

00

00

l5

00

00

00

*5

15

15

45

40

30

40

100

N®

borne.

*43

V

63

51

31 »® 93 95 °7 21 49 73 18 18

*9

29

3S

206

84

39

22

47

16

6»

>o

12

43

93

95 45 73 >4

00

i5

93

9°

9*

112

toi

100

112

96

70

100 103 109 J'3

9*

ICO

60

101

108

100

96

9»

101

97 97

113

126

43

39

3°

34

44

Sharke

12 Ann

i 7* Aprilis.

apt

Rate.

Ships Names.

Hospital

Ships.

oT

E

o

m

-c

o

CO

Store-

ship.

Hulks.

Shark*r 7’rya/ -

SuffolkeHagboat Pembroke Bafalijke Carcqfe Furnace Salamander -

f Bolton Charlotte Cleaveland -Dublin Fubbs

Henrietta -Jfabella Katharine -Mary IFim. and Mary

j Succejfe

\ Content it Elephant

T OTAL

Complement allowed. No. borne.

40 40

100 66

60 21

60 78

3° *5

30 28

30 18

30 3°

M 14

3° 30

3° 30

45 45

40 4o

30 3o

45 44

30 3° 1

3° 3°

40 40

60 10

60 56

50 49

30,864 26,980

Rate.

Tender

a

Tender

4

Tender

3

Tender

Ships and Vessels Name*.

Navy Office, A Lift of her Majesty’s Ships and Vef-i6th April ffils which have been laid up, and paid 1713. off, since the 25th of December 171 o; as

also of hired Hospital Ships, and Tenders paid off in the same time: Prepared by the Order of the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, of this Day’s Date, pursuant to an Address from the honourable the House of Commons.

Rate.

3

2

2

3

Tender

Ship* and Vessels Names.

Tender SuccefsSmack

3 Newark

5 K inf ale

4 Greenwich Tender George Hoy

Anne and Francis Ketch Friendship Hoy -Burchett Hoy John and Mary Smack Anne Smack Bedford -

Marlborough Union -Norfolk -

Lancaster John and Anne Hoy Anne of Sandwich Smack Adventure Smack Adventure Hoy -Canterbury Hoy -Endeavour Ketch -Goodwill Smack -Jane Ketch

Jof and Francis Hoy -Johannah Pink John and Sarah Smack -John and Anne Smack -London Yacht Mary Pink -Prof perous Hoy Providence Ketch -

Richard Sf John Brigantine Thomas and Hester Smack Thomas and Elizabeth Pink Woolwich Smack -V01.17.

When paid off.

x8 January 1710 12 February.

12 D®

13 D*

23 Apr. 1711.

23 D®

23 D#

24 D®

24 D®

24 D.®

30 D*

2 July.

7 July 1711.

6 D*

6 D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

I)®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D D°

D°

D®

D®

D®

Tender

3

Bomb

Hospital

Bomb

Tender

Bomb

Tender

Hospital. 3

3 6

5 3

Tender

5

6

Sloop

3

Sloop

4

5 4

6

4

6

Tender

6

Yacht

5

Tender

6

3

4

Tender

Sloop

IVm. and Mary Smack -Win. and Elizabeth Ketch Vanguard -Neptune -Wm.and Mary Smack -Wm. and Mary Smack -Henry and Richard Hoy John and Bridget I Yacht John and Mary Hoy Sandwich Pink Croton -

Success Smack Tryumph -

Russell -

Prosperous Hoy -Friends Adventure Ketch Friendfiip Hoy -A finance -

Anne Arundell Hospital -Coventry -

Southampton Rupert -

Norfolk -

May Flower Ranelagh -

Humber -

Blajt Bomb -

Canada Hospital -Furnace Bomb Society Pink Bofalipc Bomb Granada Bomb Sarah Pink -Success Pink Leake Hospital Essex -Devoiishire -

Nafau ..

Burford -

Exeter -

Non such ..

Torbay -

Advice Prize Rye ..... Cumberland -Goodwill Smack -John and Sarah Smack -Lark -

Monk's Prize Rose -Woolf Sloop Suffolk -

Rufell

Chichester -Bonctta Sloop Newcastle -

Bridgewater Monck -

DispaichBrigantine Rochrjler Prize -WhiteingSloop Fly Brigantine Worcester -

Shore ham Prize -John and Elizabeth Ketch Hare -

Isle of Wight Yacht Garland -

John and Sarah Smack -Speedivcll Prize -Firme Jerfy -

Warjpright-Joseph and Frances Merlin Sloop

When paid off.

11 D®

11 D®

30 D®

30 D®

31 D 31 I)®

31 D®

31 D*

31 D®

31 D®

31 D*

6 August 1711.

8 D®

9D®

9 1>*

9D®

10 D®

13 D®

29 D®

14 D®

1 Septemb. 17H.

17 D®

22 October 1711. 27 D®

27 D®

29 D’

5 Novemb. 1711.

6 D®

9 D®

9 D®

16 D®

16 L>

19 D®

21 D®

21 D®

21 D®

22 D®

23 D®

24 D®

26 D°

1 Decemb. 1711.

6 D®

8 D®

12 D®

13 D®

15 D®

18 r,®

22 D®

24 D®

24 D®

27 D®

28 D®

31 D®

2 January 17I.

2 D®

7 D"

7 D®

7 D®

10 D®

14 D'

14 D®

18 D®

16 June 1712,

J"ty 1712.

17 D"

17 D®

9 August 1712. it D®

2 2 D®

3 Sep’.emb. 1712. 9D®

12 D®

13 Septemb. 1712. lb D*

17 D*

6 Discovery

South Sea

Company.

i y° — - j 81’ Aprilis.

A. *?i3‘

Rate. Ships and Vessels Names. When paid off.

6 Discovery Dogger 20 D*

Diligence 20 D*

Wenzel Sloop 22 D*

3 Cambridge 23 D*

6 Cruizer - 2 3 D*

Sloop Swift Sloop 25 D*

Drake Sloop 25 D*

6 Margate 27 D

Happy Sloop 30 D*

Lively - 1 ft October ljil.

4 Severn - - 10 D°

Rochester - *3 D*

5 Bedford Gaily - 13 D*

4 Norwich - 22 D*

Oxford - 22 D*

5 Lynn - - - 23 D*

Portsmouth 24 D*

6 Express Advice Boat - 30 D*

Tender Wtn. and Mary Smack 3 November 1 j 12.

6 Delight - - 15 D*

Otter - 24 D°

4 Kingson - 27 Novemberi712.

3 Berwick - 2 December 1712.

5 Pearle - - - 3D*

6 Swan - 4 D°

4 Medway - it D*

Portland - 15 D*

Leopard - 18 D*

Deptford - - - 19 D*

3 Lenox - 20 D*

Swiftfure - - - 23 D*

Bredah - 29 D*

4 St. Albans 5 January 17IT

3 Kent - 6 D"

Fireship Haiok Fireship - 17 D*

4 Sunderland 31 D*

Falkland - 4 February.

3. Hampton Court - 13 D*

Hospital Delicia Hospital i(5 D*

4 Non such - 19 D*

5 Pool - 28 D*

Storeship Fortune Storeship 2 Mar.

Suffolk Hagboat lD*

Success ... 1 D*

Hulk Content - 16 D*

Besides the ftiips and Vessels contained in the

foregoing Lift, several Ships, that were loft and taken, have likewise been paid in this time; as also many ol hers to certain times.

Cha. Sergifon, D. B.

Geo. Toilet, Tito.Jennings, Hunter.

Ordered, That the said Ordinary, Estimate, Account, and Lift, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, an Estimate of the Provision to be tpade for the South Sea Company, for the Year 1713:

And the Title of the said Estimate was read:

And the said Estimate is as follows; viz.

pany, to be paid Quarterly} within the same time, is -

Total

The Duty of 1 2per Bushel on Salt, to arise within the said Year, being estimated according to the net. Produce of the preceding Year, will be ——

JO. s. d. 8,000 ——

576,279 10 —

35*957 *7 I!*

Remainder is the Provision to be made for the said Company, for the Year 1713

54°,32T

12

18th April 1713.

IVm. Lowndes.

Ordered, That the said Estimate be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House being informed, That a Person attended Establishment from the Queen’s Remembrancer’s Office in Scotland: of Scotch

He was called in; and presented to the House, pur- Force* suant to their Address to her Majesty, Copies of the several Establishments that were made of the Forces in Scotland during the lad Peace.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copies of the Establilli-ments was read.

Ordered, That the said Copies of the Establishments be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The said Copies of the Establishments are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Dry being read, for the House to s resolve itself into the said Committee;

Ordered, That it be an Inllruction to the said Committee, That they do consider what Number of Men may be necessary for a Summer and Winter Guard at Sea, for the Year 1713.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had made some further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to a Refolivtion; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

An ESTIMATE of the Provision to be made for the South Sea Company, upon their Fund for the Year 1713, over and above the Produce of 12 per Buliiel on S;dt.

The Fund for the South Sea Company, to be paid Quarterly, between Christmas 1712 and C/tri/lmas 1713, f. s. d.

is - - - - 568,279 10 —

The Allowance for Charges of rna naging the Affairs of the said Com-

Sabbatiy 18° die Aprilis;

12* Annas Regime, 1713.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Benjamin With allwus presented ffewfo«n<r*.d to the House, and read; praying. That his Account, as he was Agent Victuaier in NezoJ'oundland, A6euL might be stated:

But the said Petition was, by Leave of the House, reje6ied.

Sir

Earl of

Thomoml’*

Lttutt.

Supply*

12 Ann.

Sir Gilbert Dolben prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for confirming Grants in Fee-farm made l»y Henry Earl of Thomond, by virtue of, or (ince, the Palling of an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable the Earl of Thomond to make Leases for Three Lives, with Covenants for Renewal for ever, and Grants in Fee-farm of the Lands and Hereditaments in comprised in his Marriage Settlement; and for giving some Ease and Relief to the Purchasers under the said former Act, in the Particulars therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution they had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as foil.; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of £.540,321. 12 — \d. be granted to

her Majesty, to make good, for Services of the Navy, the like Sum, which, in the Year commencing from Christmas 1712, is to be paid by the Treasurer of the said Navy, lay Quarterly Payments, to ihe South Sea Company, pursuant to the Act of Parliament in that behalf; which Payment, so to be made by the Treasurer of the Navy, with the estimated Values of the Money arisen, and to arise, out of certain Duties of Salt, for this Purpose, are to complete the Sum of £.576,279 ior. or i.for the Fund of the said Company for the Year aforesaid.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Sum of £.540,321. 1 is. — \d. be granted to her Majesty, to make good, for Services of the Navy, the like Sum, which, in the Year commencing from Christmas 1712, is to be paid by

293

the Treasurer of the said Navy, by Quarterly Payments, to the South Sea Company, pursuant to the Act of Parliament in that behalf; which Payment, so to be made by the Treasurer of the Navy, with the estimated Values of the Money arisen, and to arise, out of certain Duties of Salt, for this Purpose, are to complete the Sum of £.576,279. ior. o d.for the Fund of the said Company for the Year aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the printing and publishing blasphemous, treasonable, fed itious, and scandalous, Books and Libels; and for the better Regulating of the Press: And that Sir Thomas Powys, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, an Account of the Publick Supplies granted for 1711; and for what Ul’es; and of the' Ways and Means towards railing the fame; and the Deficiency thereof; and how that Deficiency was since provided for, and apportioned: And,

An Account shewing what Issues have been made out of the said Supplies, till 10th April 1713, and the Remains thereof:

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this SelEon.

Sir Wm, Wyndham presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, an Account of the Forces discharged from her Majesty’s Service since the 25th of December 1711; and at what times respectively: And also, An Account of the Number and Disposition of all her Majesty’s Forces now in Pay:

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as follow; viz.

18° dpr.

A n A C COUNT of the Forces discharged from her Majesty’s Service since the 25th Day of

December 1711; and at what times respectively.

Forces discharged.

rLieutenant General Stanhop's Regiment Marquis d'A/Ja's Regiment -

Colonel Foijjac's -

Colonel Defbord's ..

Colonel Bovchetier's -Brigadier Lepell’s - -

Major General Pearce's -^Colonel Morrice's -Memorandum: The Regiments of Colonel

Colonel Sarland, and Sir Daniel Caroll, were discharged the 22 December 1711; but the Officers were continued in Subsistence to the 23d of February foil.

Lord Slane's Regiment -

Major General Rook's -

Brigadier Price's - -

Brigadier Gore's -

Brigadier Slamoixes -Brigadier Munden's -

Brigadier Dalzell's -

Colonel Fielding's Colonel Tyrrell's - -

Colonel Franck's Brigadier Vezey's -

Sir Cha. Hot ham's -

Colonel Clayton's -

Colonel Edward Jones's -

Foot - -<

Vo l. 17.

Colonel Butler's

At what Times,

Prisoners till the End of the Year.

The 5th of August 1712. At which time the Regiment was ift September 1712. declared to be disbanded here;

261 btitmoflof theOfhcerscontinued

zj^August 1712.

29)

7 September 1812.

2d December 1712. jUnder Orders to be disbanded.

Jth \ /On which Days these Regiments were declared

& t \to be disbanded here; but moll of the Officers,

rth D° ?*7I2,jbeing on their Way home from Spain, did not J j Carrive till January 17-ff.

, 4 0 (Butmoftof the* Officers of these Re-

> 6th4 U*U" I7l2Vgiments continued Prisoners till the g pi i End of the Year.

th August 1712.

S D°

26 D"

|On several Days in August and September 1712.

September 1712. Ordered to be disbanded; but the Officers not* 1 withstanding continued the Command of their

Men on their March to Gibraltar, to the 11th of January following, when they were delivered over to other Regiments.

25th September 1712.

4

Forces

Publication of Libels.

Supplies for 1711, &c.

Forces discharged,

*94

18 "Aprilis. A. 1713.

Forces discharged.

At what Times.

Colonel Creighton's -Sir John Whitwrong's -Colonel Lucas's -Colonel Nqjftiu's,\&te Edward.

Colonel Wm. Stanhop's -

Sir Robert Rich's -

Lord Mark Kerr's

Colonel Dubourgay's -

Late Lieutenant General -

Earl of Lorrains -

Marquis of Montandre's -Memorandum: The Regiments of Rook, Price, and Slane, were reduced in Spain the latter End of the Year 1711:

The Regiments of Sand Feilding, in

Portugal, the 24th Au 1711: And the Regiments of Tyrrell and Francks, in Portugal, the latter End of the Year 1711.

|On several Days in September and 1712.

6th October 1712.

k 14th November 1712.

About the Middle of February lad, at Gibraltar; but no exact Account is yet returned.

Under Orders to be disbanded.

REGIMENTS.

Further Reduction on the Head of Guards and Garifonss.

Lieutenant General Seymour's

Colonel Kirk's -Major General IVightman's Colonel Handafyde's -

Brigadier Bretons -Lieutenant General s

Colonel Alexander's -

Garisons in North Britain. Edinburgh -

Stirling ——

Dunbarton -

Blackness -Fort William -

ill, 2d, and 3d Regiments of Guards -

Royal Regiment of Horse -

Lieut. General Carpenter's Dragoons -Sir Richard Temple's -Lieutenant General Echlin's Colonel Kerr's -

Three Companiesoflnvalidsatthe Tower Four more designed for Portsmouth

Reduced from 13 Companies, of 3 Serjeants, 3 Corporals,

2 Drummers, and 56 Men, a Company, to 2 Serjeants,

3 Corporals, 2 Drums, and 50 Men, a Company

|Reduced in like manner -

Reduced from 3 Serjeants, and 68 Men, in each of the 12 Companies, to 2 Serjeants, and 50 Men, a Company -Reduced from 39 to 50 Men in each of the 12 Companies

[Reduced in like manner ——

The additional Number of Men and Officers, and other Augmentation of Charge, which had been created upon the Head of these Garisons, since the Union, reduced again - -

The several Companies reduced from 70 to 60 private Men in each, and One intire Company from the 3d Regiment Reduced from 57 to 50 Men in each Troop

Reduced from 60 to 50 Men in each Troop

Discharged 2d February 174-4.

Discharged 12th March 1744.

W. Wyndham.

From what time.

From the 24th August 17:2.

From25th

) October 1712.

18th April 1713. Am ACCOUNT of the Numbers, and Disposition, of all her Majesty’s Forces now in Pay.

Horse

Dragoons

Foot

REGIMENTS.

rFirft Troop of Guards -Second Troop of Guards -Third Troop of Guards -

- < Fourth Troop of Guards -

J First Troop of Grenadier Guards -

1 Second Troop of Grenadier Guards -t Royal Regiment of Guards -

CRoyal Regiment - -

J Lieutenant General Car/>enler’s -J Late Sir Richard Temple's -(^Lieutenant General Echlin's -

' First Regiment of Guards - -

Coldstream Regiment of Guards -Third Regiment of Guards -

Colonel Kirk's Regiment -Lieutenant General Seymour's Major General Wightman's -Brigadier Breton’s -

- (, Two Independent Companies in North Britain

Present Numbers. Where employed.

181 181 181

181 176 in 535 5°9 1,612,) In South Britain. > 1

383

383 383 1,658 > In North Britain.

2,005 1,003 I

1,287 7*5 > In South Britain.

725,) \

7*5 1 )

7*5 >In North Britain.

I l6 7>3°9 S

io,579

Lieutenant

i2 Ann.

i 8'

APnlis.

REGIMENTS.

7=5)

7=51

Independent

Companies.

Lieutenant General Mur daunt Colonel Handafyde's -

Colonel Alexander's

(Four Companies J One Company -

"l Four Companies (Four Companies

Invalids - - Twelve Companies

Tot

AL

Horse -

Dragoons

Foot - -

"General Lumley's Lord Windsor's -Major General Kellum's Lieutenant General Marquis of Harwich's -

{Earl of Stair's -

Lieutenant General Ross's -Colonel Kerr's -

Colonel Selwyn sRegiment

Lieutenant General Webb's Lord North and Gray's Earl of Orrery's Brigadier Stern's Brigadier Sutton's Major General Sabin's Major General Primrose's -Brigadier Preforis

Major General Sibotirg's Brigadier Hamilton's -Colonel Pocock’s

Colonel Leigh's -Major General Wynn's

295

Present Numbers.

725

L450

449

5«

364

364

509

400

400

400

400

662

662

383

Total -

Foreigners -

{One Walloon Regiment of Dragoons

tt tOne Regiment of Dragoons HolJla, Krs'l0nf. Re=imen, of Foo,

Foot

Foot

Foot -

(Royal Regiment of Foot Major General Hill's -Earl of Hartford’s -Late Brigadier Durell's \ Colonel Defney's -

Colonel Nexoton's

Major General Evans's Colonel Kane’s -

Total -(Royal Regiment of Fuziliers I Colonel Phillips's -

Major General Whetham's -I Colonel Molesworth's -L Major General Elliot's

Total -

(Major General Pearce's j Earl of Barrymore's -

j Major General Newton's (Lieutenant General

Total -

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

876

876

834

876

876

5 81 558 883

1,876

876

938

938

876

938

938

876

938

938

938

938

938

’ 7=5

876

725

725

a>l75

*>235

1,194

>5.183

In Jersey and Guernfe &c.

At Jamaica, and theL

At New York.

At Bermudas.

At Annapolis Royal.

At Placentia.

(At Windsor, Hampton Court,

) Chester, Tynmouth,

\ Fort, Dover, SheeTilbury,

( Upnor, and Greenwich.

In Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and the foreign Plantations.

,109

T»7°7

3,8x6

12,780

16,596

2,022

8,256

Where employed.

In Flanders.

At Dunk.

4,690

3»5*

) In Minorca.

At Gibraltar.

Vol. 17-

ABSTRACT,

Publick

Accounts.

Ellina'

Bankruptcy.

296 18° — 20° Aprilis. 1713.

ABSTRACT.

Horse. Dragoons. Foot. Independent Companies. Invalids. Total.

In Britain - - - -In Jersey, Guernsey, Scilly, and Pendennis In Jamaica, and the Leeward Islands -At New York, Bermudas, Annapolis Royal, and) Placentia - - - 3 1,612 1,658 7,193 725 L45° 116 !,235 1,194 11,773 725 1,450 1,235

Total - 1,612 1,658 9,368 1,351 1,194 15,183

In Flanders ..... In Dunkirk ..... In Gibraltar - - - -In Minorca - - - - 2,109 i»7°7 12,780 8,256 3>°5i 4,690 - 16,596 8,256 3,°5i 4,690

Total - 2,1,09 I>7°7 28,777 m - 32,593

In all - 3,72i 3>365 38,145 1,35; 1,194 47,776

Besides 2,021 Foreigners in Flanders.

Memorandum: The 1,300 Men, furnished by the Duke of Saxe Golha, in her Majesty’s Pay, now in Italy, are to be added to the foregoing Lift: There is also at Port Mahon and Gibraltar a Number of private Men who belonged to the Regiments disbanded there, who are added to the Regiments remaining the re equally, and subsisted on a contingent Lift: The Forces in Ireland are not comprised in this Account.

W.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, who are to conGder farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, That they do consider of that Part of her Majesty’s Speech, which recommends the Care of those brave Men, who have served well by Sea or Land this War, and cannot be employed in time of Peace.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Reports from the Commissioners for taking, examining, and Rating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and from the Commissioners for taking, examining, and determining, the Debts due to the Army, Transport Service, and Sick and Wounded} be takep into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

LuneCy 20° di

120 Ann® Regin®, 1713.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Richard Perry and

Lee, of London, Merchants, and Affigtiees under a Commission of Bankrupt awarded against William Ellins and Edmund Farrington, late of London aforesaid, Merchants and Copartners, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That before the Commencement of the said Commission the said William Ellins conveyed himself to Parts unknown to the Petitioners, and beyond the Seas; and hath not as yet fur--rendered himself, as the Law requires; the Omission whereof, incurring the Penalty of Felony, hinders the Petitioners from having a full Discovery of the Bankrupts Effects: And praying Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify the said Wm. against

the Penalties of any Act now in force against Bankrupt^, upon his surrendering himself to the acting Commissioners in the said Commission, within a Time to be limited, in order to the more ample Discovery of the Bankrupts Effects, and towards Satisfaction of their Creditors.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Withers, and Mr. Hey/ham, do prepare and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enable Trustees to fell some Out-parts of the Estate of Sir Bourchier IVr Baronet, in the County of Devon, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill bo committed to Sir Richard Vyvyan, Mr. Brace, Sir Wm. Mr. Quick,

Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Blackmore, Sir Richard ton, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Hey/liam, Mr. Mr.

Burslem, Mr. Cartwright, Colonel Cage, Lord Wm. Powlelt, Sir Robert Davers, Colonel Godfrey, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Gape, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Chapman, Mr. Orchard, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Air. Shippen, Sir

Richard How, Sir James Bateman, Mr. Aldworth,

Colonel Grahme, Lord Cqftlecomber, Sir Tho. Gery,

Lord Lyon; and all that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for making the Chapelry of Stockton adiftin& Parish, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Cartwright, Lord Wm. Powlett, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Air.

Cluibbons, Colonel Byerley, Sir Roger Brad/haigh, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Alundy, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Chapman, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Heysham, Mr. llalfey, Mr. Chomley, Mr. Carson, Mr. Shaf/oe, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir Kay,

Sir Richard Faring ton. Air. Gore, Sir Bourchier Wrey, Mr. Bellaps. Air. Roberts, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Burfem, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Quick, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Jeffbp, Mr. Winstanley, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Brigfiock, Sir

Withers, Mr. Renda, Sir Richard Vyvyan, Mr. Gale, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Ward; and all that serve for the Four Northern Counties: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, Cumberland, and Westmorland, be added-to the Committee appointed to consider what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and which of them are fit to be revived and continued.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the Avhole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the Alatter to them

referred;

Wrey’s

Estate.

Sjocktm

Chapt!.

Expiring

Laws.

Supply'.

t2 Ann. 20* — 21'

referred; and had come to some Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2i° Apr ills;

12* Annas Reginas, 1713.

Pea vers.

Brown- A PETITION of Dame Alice Brownlow, Widow,

Eiiiitt. Relict of Sir John Brownlow, late of near

Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, Baronet, deceased, the Right honourable John Earl of Exeter, and Elizabeth, Countefsof Exeter h\s Wife, the Right honourable Francis Lord North Baron of Guilford, and Alice Lady Guifford his Wife; the Right honourable Peregrine Lord Willoughby, and Jane Lady Willoughby his Wife; Sir John Brownlmo, of Bi'utonfvn the County of

set, Baronet, and Dam eElianor , his Wife; the said Elizabeth Countess of Exeter Alice Lady Guilford, Jane Lady Willoughby, and Dame Elianor Brownlow, being the surviving Daughters and Coheirs of the said Sir John Brownlow, deceased; and of Richard more. Esquire, and John Smith’, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Sir John Brownlow, deceased, did, by Indentures of Lease and Release, dated the 22d and 23d 1689, convey the

Manor of Kirkby Underwood, in ’ and

several otherManors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in such manner, that the fame, upon his Decease, defeended to the Petitioners his laid surviving Daughters and Coheirs, and to Margaret Brownlow, deceased, another of his Daughters, in Tail, charged with/. 1,500

num to the Petitioner Dame Alice Brownlow, for Life, and £. 10,000 a-piece for his Daughters, as Portions, besides several Sums for their Maintenance: That, by Will, dated 29th July 1689, the said Sir John Brownlow, deceased, confirmed the said Indentures; and charged the Premises with his Debts, and the Payment of /. 50 per Annum to the Petitioner Smith, for his Life: That the Petitioners, the Daughters, have docked the Entail: J hat there is yet remaining unpaid of the said Testa-for’s Debts, and of the Petitioners, the Daughters Portions, several Sums amounting to upwards off. 53.666 Principal Money; for Payment of which all the Petitioners have, by Articles, dated the 20th April 1713, agreed, That the said Manor of Kirkby Underwood, and several other M anors in the said Articles mentioned, Hiould be vested in Trustees, to be sold; and the rest of the Manors, Lands.^-c. comprised in the said Indentures, should be made liable to the Payment of the/. 1,500 per Annum to the Petitioner Dame Alice Brownlow, and the /. 50per Annum to the Petitioner Smith: That, by Teafon of the many Settlements made on, or since, the several Marriages of the Petitioners, the Daughters, Purchasers may scruple to buy: That ’tis for the Benefit of all Persons interested, that the several Incumbrances upon the Whole should be discharged by aSale of Part; which cannot be done without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And praying, That a Bill may be brought in for the confirming the said Articles; and for veiling the said Manor of Kirkby Underwood, and Premises thereby agreed to be sold, in Trustees, for railing Money, to discharge the said Debts and Portions, and the other Purposes in the said Articles mentioned.

Vo L. 17*

Aprilis. 297

Ordered, That Leave tie given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Smith, the Lord Wm. Powlelt, and Sir Peter King-, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for repealing a Clause in an Act, of the 13th Ancholn* Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Lewli Confirmation of certain Decrees of Sewers, made by the Commissioners for Sewers for the Limits of the Level of the River of Ancholm, in the county of ; and

that the said Level may be liable to the Laws of Sewers; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Wm. Poiolett, Mr. Cotesworth, Mr. Chapman, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Iley-sham, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Renda, Sir Richard Farrington,

Mr. Middleton, Sir Jacob Afiley, Mr. Gtiybbon, Mr. Plumplree, Mr. For A-, Lord Cajllecomber, Sir Arth. Key,

Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Lifler, Mr. Si

Dolben, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wynn, Sir

Peter King, Si rjohn Thorold, Mr. Moor, Mr. Campion,

Mr. Wortley, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. the Lord Wil-

loughby, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Orchard, Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Harvey; andall that serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Fire a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Sir Henry Monson was presented to the Ditto." House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner being informed of a Bill brought into this honourable House for repealing of Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Confirmation of certain Decrees of Sewers, made by the Commissioners for the Limits of the Level of the River of Ancholm, in the County of Lincoln; whereby a certain Number of Acres of Land lying in the said Level are vested in Sir John Monson, your Petitioner’s Grandfather, and his Participants: And prayingto be heard, by Counsel, or otherwise, against the said Bill, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, Thai the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, thereupon, if he think fit.

A Petition of divers Merchants of London, Traders Africa® to Africa, and thence to the Plantations, in behalf of Trade, themselves, and many others concerned in the said Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Encouragement, of the Act of Parliament, made in 1698, for laying open the Trade to Africa, the Petitioners have become great Adventurers in the said Trade, and have supported and enlarged the fame: That notwithstanding his honourable House was pleased, last Session, to repeat their former Resolution,

That the said Trade should be free and open, the African Company have threatened to sue the Petitioners:

That the Petitioners have many Ships fit only for the said Trade, and no other; which will be all loft, if the Petitioners be excluded the said Trade; to the Ruin of many Families: And praying, That the said Trade may be continued free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects, and the Petitioners be relieved, as the House shall think fit.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ConGderation of the said Committee.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City Diuo.

of Bristol was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the African Company, contrary to the Resolutions of the House, the last Section; viz. That the Trade to Africa ought to be free and open; have endeavoured to deter the Petitioners and others from the said Trade: That the said Petitioners have many Ships fit only for the said Trade; which will be all loft, if they

4 G should

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Public

Accounts.

African

Trade,

298 21°- — *2° JprUis. J. 171}.

should he excluded the fame; to the -Ruin of many of the Petitioners: That the said-City, and 'other Western Ports, are, by their Situation, debarred from the Trade to Holland, Flanders, &c. the Eall Country, and the Northern Parts of Europe, and also from the Trade to Eqfi India, carried on by the Londoners; and should

they be also excluded the African Trade, it would soon impoverish this City, and the other Western Ports: And praying the same of the said City, and the other Western Ports, may be considered; and that the Trade to Africa may be free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Refo--lutions they had directed to be reported to the House; Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered ip at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thirty thousand Men be allowed for the Sea Service, for the First Shi Months of the Year 1713.

R(solved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds a Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Thirty thousand Men for the said Six Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolveitself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means fqr railing the Supply granted to her Majesty;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes)'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to take into Consideration the Reports from the Commissioners for taking, examining, and Rating, the Publick Accounts pi the Kingdom; and from the Commissioners for taking, examining, and determining, the Debts due to the Army, TransportService, and Side and Wounded:

And the farpe were read.

Ordered, That the said Reports be taken into farther Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

f Colon el

{Sir Wm. Barker: t Sir Isaac Rebow, f Mr. Lawson:

95-

80.

Mercurii, 2 2° die Apr tits;

1 a* Ann® Regime, 1713.

EtRS

AP E TITI O N of the Merchants, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, in the Town of Ashburton, in Droonshire, and the Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, since the Opening of the Trade to , greater Quantities of their Woollen Manufactures have been vended, than ever were when the said Trade was carried on by a Company exclusive of all others; which, if it should again be, would tend to the Ruin of the Woollen Manufacture, by subjecting it to one Buyer: And praying, That the Trade to Africa may be preferred free and ©pen to all her Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That the said -Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common -Council, of the City of Exon, and of the Merchants, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, in the said City, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, , and read; setting forth, That, since the Opening of the Trade to Africa, greater Quantities of Woollen Manufacture, fit for that Country, have been vended, than ever were when the said Trade was carried on by a Company exclusive of all others, which, if it should again be, would tend to the Ruin of the Woollen Manufacture, by subjecting it to One Bayer: And praying. That the Trade to Africa may be preserved free anil open to all her Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

The Serjeant at Arms attending this House being called upon, to give an Account, what had been done in relation to the Persons who were, the last Session, ordered to be taken into his Custody;

He acquainted the House, That theyhad all been either taken, or surrendered themselves, into his Custody; and that lie had received from them Satisfaction for his Fees; except John Haney, late Portreeve of the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon-, and Henry Martin Esquire, late Bailift' of the Borough of Southwark.

And the Standing Order of the House, of the 4th Day of April 1707, being read;

Ordered, That John Harvey, late Portreeve of the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, be taken into

the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, he having not been taken, nor surrendered himself, and paid his Fees to the Serjeant; upon the several Commitments of this House, the Two former Session* of this Parliament, for his many corrupt and indirect Practices, in relation to the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

Ordered, That Henry Martin Esquire, late Bailiff of the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry, having absconded from Justice, when he was ordered, in the last Session of this Parliament, to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his arbitrary and illegal Proceedings in the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, and teuding to the Subversion of the Freedom of Elections; and having not been taken, nor surrendered himself, and given Satisfaction to the said Serjeant; be, for the said Offences, taken into the Custody of the said Serjeant.

A Bill for confirming Grants, in Fee-farm, made by Henry Earl of Thomond, by virtue of, or since, the Puffing of an Act of Pari iament, intituled, An ACtto enable the Earl of Thomovd to make Leases for Three Lives, with Covenants for Renewal for ever, and Grants, ip Fee-farm ,of the Landsand Hereditaments in /7<;/a/id3co«iprifedia his Marriage Settlement; and for giving some Ease and Relief to the Purchasers, under the said former Act, in the Particulars therein mentioned; was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wyvdham, Mr. Aldworth, Lord Mr. Ckel*

wind, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Lawson, Sir James Montague, Mr. Plumptree, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. BurJlem, Mr. Hunger-ford, M r. Chapman, hor&CajllecomberSir Rober

Mr. Bertie, General Stanhope, Sir Richard Onslow, the Earl of Hertford,\\r. Hampden, Mr. Goulston, Mr. Suited, Mr. Smith, Mr. Laugham, Mr. Heme, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Ca(er, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Gtvynn, Mr. Pitt ,$ic Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Foley, M x.Annejley, Mr. Vincent, }Ar.Duncomb, Mr. OnJloio, Mr. Sir Tho.

Powys, Mr Pytts, Mr. Gape, Mr. Guibbov, Mr Sir IfuacRebow, Mr. Brigfto.ck, Mr. Rabinfon, Mr. Crof ',

Mr.

African

Trade.

Ecneiral of

Oiders of Id fcjcliion for skin^ certain Pciiw into Cuitudj,

Earl of

Thomond’*

ElUte.

public

Accounts.

Way*

and Means.

t

Ellin*’

Bankruptcy.

Poor Vicarages in 'Wkshire.

African

Trade.

ia Atw. aa6 — ^3° 199

Mr. Middleton, Mr. Ward.: And they are to meet this Afternoon.at'Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

"Sir Thomas IT a timer pre fen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill to.revive and continue the A® for taking, examining, and ftttting, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and to continue the Act for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Transport Service, and Siok and Wounded: And the feme was received.

The Order of the Day being read;

The-House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof Ways and Means fur raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

M r. Comers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they lied come to a liesolution; which they had directed ibim to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Keport be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the Hotrfe, That the Committee bad directed him to move. That they may bate 'I.eave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House wHI, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising lie Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 23* die Apr ills

12* Anns Regin®, 1713.

Praters.

SIR William Withers prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill to give Leave for William to surrender himself to a Commission of Bankrupt, for the Benefit of his Creditors: And the bate was received; and read the First time.

B-eJolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Grand Jury, Gentlemen, and Clergy, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held at Leeds, for the West Riding of the County of York, the 9! h Day of 171a, and after,

by Adjournment, at Sheffield, the 15th Day of October aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That many of the Parishes in the said Riding are so huge and populous, that the Churches will not contain a Fourth Part of the Parishioners: That there are several Chape Is of Ease there; but the same are so poorly endowed, that the Ministers thereof want for Subsistence: That if a Bill were brought into this House for inclosing some Part of the Common Grounds, in the said Riding, for the Endowment of the said Ministers, where the Lord of the Manor, and Three Fourths of the Freeholders in Number, and Value of their Estates, should give their Coufents, it would, in a great measure, help the poor Endowments there: And praying, That a Bill may be brought in for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord V ifeount Downe, Sir Arthur Kay, and Mr. Wright-

Jon, do prepare, and bring in, tire fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and others, Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, in the Town of Kingjbridge, and Parts adjacent, in the county of ,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, since the opening of the Trade to greater

Quantities of Woollen Manufacture, fit for that Country, have been vended, than ever were when the said Trade . Vot. 17.

was carried on by a Company exclusive of all others $ which, if it should again be, would tend t<» the Hum . of the Woollen Manufacture, by subjecting it to One Buyer; And praying, That the Trade to Africa maybe preserved free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects.,

Ordered, That the said Petition be refe.red to the; Consideration of the Committee of the whole House; who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common* Africa* Council, of the City of Brijlnl, was presented. to the Trade, House, and read; setting forth. That the Trade to Africa employs great Numbers of their Handicraftsmen, in-hmJding Ships, and Manufacturing of Wool,

Iron,.Tiu, Copper, Brass, jfr.: And praying. That no particular Company may be suffered to exclude the rest of her Majesty's Subjects iroin the said Trade.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to considerof the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of the Merchants, and other Traders in Ditto; the Woollen Manufacture, in the Town of Credit on, in Devonshire, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, fmcetiie Opening of the Trade to Africa, greater Quantities of Woollen Manufacture, fit for that Country, have been vended, than ever were when the said Trade was carried on by a Company exclusive of ail others; which, if it ftioiftd again be, would tend to the Ruin of the Woollen Manufacture, by subjecting that Part of it to One Buyer:

And praying. That the said Trade to maybe

preserved free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of the Merchants, and other Tradersin the Ditto, Woollen Manufactures in the Town of , in

Devonshire, and Parts adjacent, was prefeuted to the House, and read; setting forth, That, since the Opening of the Trade to Africa, greater Quantities of Woollen Manufacture, fit for that Country, have been vended, . than ever were when the said Trade was carried on by a Company exclusive of all others; which, if it should again be, would tend to the Ruin of that Part of the Woollen Manufacture, by subjecting it to One Buyer:

And praying, That the Trade to Africa may be preserved free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to tlje Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of the Merchants and Inhabitants of foe Ditto, Town of Leverpool trading to the Coast of Africa, and the West Indies, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That since the Opening of the Trade to

Africa, the Petitioners have built and fitted many Ships proper for the said Trade; which, if the said Trade should be carried on by a Company exclusive of all ot tiers, would become wholly useless: That the Woollen Manufacture, and the Out Ports of Gre Britain, would greatly fufter thereby: And praying, That the Trade to Africa may be continued free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Inhabitants, Ditto; of the Borough of Lancaster, was presented to the House,

and read; setting forth, That the Livelihood of several of the Petitioners, and divers of Families of this Town, very much depend on that Part of the Woollen Manufacture proper for the Trade to Africa. ', which, if the African Company should engress to themselves, would subject such Manufacture to One Buyer; to the gre^t Prejudice thereof, -and of the Persons concerned therein:

300

And praying, That the Trade to Africa may be free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of S\r John Holland Baronet, and the Lady Holland’s Rebecca Holland his Wife, was presented to the House, Estate. atl(j read; setting forth. That upon the Petitioner’s Inter-

marriage, the Manor of Bexwel ( al.) was settled, after the Petitioner Sir /oAn his Grandfather’s Death, on himself for Life j then to the other Petitioner for Life, for her Jointure; then to the First and others, Sons of that Marriage, in Tail; with Remainders over: That, Bexwell lying remote from the capital Seat of the Family, and Sir John being seised in Fee of the Manor of Snape, in the said County, which is of greater Value than Bexwell, and lies more convenient, the Petitioner Sir John is willing to settle the same to the Uses in the Marriage Settlement, so that be discharged there-

from: That the Petitioners have Issue One Son only, an Infant, about 13 Years; by reason whereof such Exchange cannot be made without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And praying, That a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Hanmer, and Mr. Smith, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Sir George Bing, from the Lords Commi (Doners of the DA the Admiralty, presented to the House, pursuant to their Nawy. Address to her Majesty, a List of all her Majesty’s Ships

and Vessels, with the Condition of each, according to . the best Account that can be given thereof; many of them having been a good while at Sea, and continuing so:

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Cock’* Debt, A Petition of Dean , of London, Merchant, was to the Crowa. presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner became bound as Surety for Cornelius Demi, David Dennis, and Samuel Oakley, in several Sums, as Customs for Tobacco; That the said Persons afterwards failed; and the Petitioner, by the Assistance of his Friends, hath paid upwards of£. 1,25.5, being the Balance of his own Debt: And praying, That an Act may be granted for the Petitioner’s compounding with the Lord High Treasurer, or such other Relief as shall be thought fit.

To which Petition some Exceptions being taken, the same was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Debts du« to Resolved, That this House will not receive any Peti-

the Crown, tion for compounding any Sum of Money owing to the Crown upon any Branch of the Revenue, without a Cer-. tificate from the proper Officer, or Officers, annexed to the said Petition, dating the Debt, what Prosecutions have been made for the Recovery of such Debt, and setting forth how much the Petitioner, and his Security, are able to satisfy thereof.

Ways Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the and Means. Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution they had directed to be re-<. 7 ported to the House; which he read in his Place, and

afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is followeth; viz.

' Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Two Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised, in the Year 1713, upon all Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a propor-15

A. 1713.

tionable 'Cess, a ccording to the Ninth Article of the Treaty for the Union, confirmed by Acts of Parliament, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Two Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised, in the Year 1713, upon all Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed', and that a proportionable Cess, according to the gth Article of the Treaty for the Union, confirmed by Acts of Parliament, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Auditor Harley,

Mr. Lozvndes, Sir William Whitelockcand Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to revive and continue the Act for taking, exa- Publit mining, and dating, the Publick Accounts of this King- Acewmt % dotn; and to continue the Act for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Transport Service, and Sick and Wounded; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

The Order being read, for the taking into Consideration the Reports from the Commissioners for taking, examining, and dating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and from the Commissioners for taking, examining, and determining, the Debts due to the Army, Transport-Service, and Sick and Wounded;

The House took the same into farther Consideration:

And such Parts of the First Report as related to the Transport Service, and Sick and Wounded, were again, read:

And William Churchill Esquire, a Member of this House, late One of the Commissioners for sick and wounded Seamen, was heard in his Place, as to what concerned him in the said Report: And, desiring further time to make his Defence;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Mitchell, Mr. John Pearce, and Captain Robert Masters, do then attend this House.

Ordered, That the Commission, appointing Commissioners for sick and wounded Seamen, wherein the said Mr. Churchill was appointed a Commissioner; and the Instructions to the said Commissioners; be laid before this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Finerts, 24° die j

12* Ann* Regin*, 1713.

Praters.

MR. Conyers presented to the House, according to Supply Bin-.

Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, kwd T*-to be raised by a Land Tax, in Great , for the

Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for E*fe of the Ease of Sheriffs in the Execution of their Offices, Sheriff. and in passing their Accounts*. And that Mr. Belafyfe, and ^lr. Wrightson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The

23* — 24* Aprilis.

ic

12 Ann.

24 — 25

Supply. The House, according to Order,- resolved it felt* into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.1

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they

had made a farther Prosrrefs in the Matter to them re-

301

the principal Provision; That Tanners Estate, after fe-veraj Descents, now refteth in and Su-

favna Tanner, who are Coheirs: That the Petitioner hath been obliged to pay off several prior Incumbrances: That the 3<r December 1711, the Petitioner obtained a

Decree for an Account; upon which the Master reported, due to the Petitioner £25,25^ 4.r. o^rf: the 30th of

January last; which Report is confirmed: That the

Tannfi,»

Estate.

ferred; and had come to a Resolution; which they had Ellate having so many Incumbrances, and being most-

directed him to report, when! the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the jHouse, That the

out upon Lives, and One of the Coheirs an Infant, Purchasers are unwilling to deal for the fame, unless the Title be strengthened by an Act of Parliament: And praying. That a Rill may be brought in for veiling the Estate late of the said John Tanner in Trustees, to be

Committee had directed him to move. That they may fold for Payment of the fad Debt; and applying the

have Leave tp fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her. Majesty. 1 ' ,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of Jbe Clock.

Sabbati, 2 5* die Aprilis; t

12* Annas Retinae, 1713.

PltAYERS.

A PETITION of Margaret Baber, Widow, Relict Jr\ of tVilliajnBaber Esquire, deceased, on Behalf of

herself, and her Seven Children, was' presented to the House, and read; fettiugfbrth, That in the Tear 1684^ John Tanner Elqtiire, befn& indebted to Sir John Baber . £.8,000, a Marriage was had between Wnt: Baber, a ’ youngpr Sop of Sir John's, ind the Petitioner: Upon whichlt was agreed, That that £.8obd, and ‘£.'6,000 more, should purchase Lands, to be.settled on the Issue of that Marriage: That Sif John afterwards sent Mr. Tanner £.1,000 more; and, 15th Margh 1696, Mr. Tanner's Debt was settled at £.13,370: That Sir John took in an Incumbrance of £ 1,500; which greatly increased the said Defy: That Sir John afterwards died, O^acto d/d the Petitioner’s Husband, leaving the Petitioner, and SevenChildren,1 for whom the Tsaid’Debl was

Surplus, if any, for the Benefit of such as shall be entitled, thereto, .

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungeiford, Mr ^Harris, andMr. Quick, do prepare, anft bring in, the fame.

- - ~ r.

A Bill to revive and continue the Act for taking, examining, and dating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and to continue the Act for appointing Commis-vfioners to take, examine, and determine,’the Debts due to the Army, Transport Service, and Sick tnd Wounded;

: wisj> according to Order, read a Second {ime.

> t Resolved, That the Bill be committed!

1 Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee 66 the whole House.

t ResolvedfTh&t this House will, upoti Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bilk j ,;

HI J

Public

Accounts.

The House being informed. That a Clerk from Mr*

How, Payihafter'of hejr Majesty’s Gtuyfy and Garisons, attended;'- f(l t., ..

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Period of House an Account to whqt( tipie the Forces in Army Pay-

Pay; upon the Eftaidljlhn^efy of Guardis and -Garisons, are paid. " , >v , \ u,>- »

And then he withdrew.

The Title of the Account was read.

1 (. The said- Account is-as follaweth; viz.

An ACCOUNT to what Time the Forces in British Pay, upon-the Etiabblhment of Guards and

: - - - Garisons; BCc. are paid. - -

Troops and Regiments.

First Troop of Horse Guards - -Second Troop of Guards - -

Third Troop of Guards - - - -Horse - ( Fourth Troop1 of Guards - -

First Troop ot Grenadier Guards -Second Troops of-Grenadier Guards Royal Regimefy-of Horse Guards Lieutenant General -Carpenter’s . Regiment ’- - -

*$ir^Ri^iaJd Temple’s - -Ddutrfoanf General - -

Colonel Ken*s -

Earl of Hyndford's -

s 1

Dragoons I

Earl of Strafford's

M. t

-M

Vyt. 17

f To what Tunc cleared.

To the 22nd December 17-11 U D* I -

( I D* v: D* (1 D* n d* n I> -TI

D*

n D* (i D* 4) d*

o

- _ - u,

'Have received no Clearings from Mr. Hoive-, they being placed on the Establishment of Guards and Garisons Ifnce any Clearings have been if-sued fojrf ihp Forces under his Care.. <1 t j"

4 H

To what Time subsisted.

To the 22nd February 1712.

.....D* ,

D»

.; D«

D*

D*

A J D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

{To the 44th Aug 1712, the time they were removed to the Establishment/of Ireland.

'Have received j the Sum of £.2,663 '9t.'od. on Account of Subsistejice, from the 24 th August 17>i 2, the Time they were placed upon the Establishment of Guards: and Garisons; their Muller Rolls, and State of the Regiments Account, during the Time off heir being Pri-jloners, being not yet settled.

Foot

*0*

2 56 Aprilis.

A. 1713.

Troops and Regiments.

To what Time cleared.

To what Time subsisted.

Foot

Firil Regiment of Guards -Second Regiment of Guards Third Regiment of Guards Lieutenant General Regiment -Major General Wighlman's Brigadier Breton's - -

Lieutenant General -

Colonel Kirk's - - * -

Marquis of Montanire’s -Sir C 'ha.Hothanfs - -Brigadier Windsor's *

Major General /ff/Ts

Colonel Kane’s -

Colonel Disney’s -

Colonel Handafyde’s Regiment

o the 22nd of December 1711 D*

D* - -

D* -D° -D" -D* -

5Cleared to the 24th Apr. 1711; the Warrants for their Pay from that time being not ' yet signed -

To the 24th April 1713.

D*

D*

To the 22nd February 1712*

n*

D°

D*

D*

To the 12 nd December 1711.

To the 24th August

Colonel Alexander's -

' Companies at New York

Independent Companies.

Company at Bermudas

Garison* and Independent Companies in North Britain.

Garisons in South Britain.

Colonel Campbell’s Independent

Company Colonel Mackenzie's -Colonel Grant’s -' Edinburgh Castle, with the Independent Company Sterling Caille D*

Dunbarton Caille BlacknejsCaille

Fort William -

Berwick and Holy -

Carlisle - -

Caljhot -Chester - -

Clifford’s Fort and Tiimouth Cinque Ports -Grave fend and Tilbury Guernsey -

Huff and the Blockhouse -Hurst -

Jersey -Landguard Fort St. Maws -

Pendennis -

Porlfmorth - -

Plymouth Portland Scilbf Sheerness Scarborough Tower of London Upnor Windsor -Isle of Wight -North Yarmouth St. James’s Park

Dartmouth

Placed on the Eilabliiliment of Guards and Garisons the 24th of August 1712, in lieu of the

Three Regiments above-mentioned; and have received no V Clearings yet -(Cleared to the 22 December I1710; the Warrants for their j Pay from that time being not yet signed -C Cleared to the 2 2d December 11711, for all the Companies j whose Muller Rolls are return-(.ed from the West Indies -To the zzd December 1711.

{To the 24th October 17115 the W arrants for their Pay from that time being not yet signed

To the 2 2d December 1711 D*

D* -

D* - - -.

D* -

D* -

D* -

To the 24th June 1712 -

To the 21st December 1712

D* - -

D* - -

D* -

D* - -

D* -

D* - -

D* -

D* - -

D*

D*

D* -

D*

D* -

D* -

D* - -

D" -

D* - -

D* - -

D*

D* - -

D* -

D* -

D* -

D*

D* - -

(To the 22 December 1709; having returned no Muller Rolls since that time -

Subsisted Abroad to the 2 2d of February 1712.

To the iz February 1712*

> To the 21st December 1712*

To the 2 2d February 1712.

| To the 24th June 17 <3:

To the 22d February 1712*

D*

D*

D*

Dr

D*

D*

C This Garison receives no Sub-I fistence.

These Garisons receive no Subsistence.

Invalids.

is Ann.

Supply.

fcpply Bill; Laud Tax.

Half Pay lliaLhih-xienu

Lady Brow n luw b Lit ale.

25* — 27® ApritiSi

Invalids.

Captain Mowaf's Company, at Captain Winjleys, Sheerness Captain Bruce's, Tilbury Fort Captain Bit.I:ley's. Tilbury Fort

Major Webb's, Upnvr -Captain Well's, Hampton Court -Captain Waljh, Dover -

Captain Draper's, Land guard Fort Captain Kane's, Windfo - - Captain Brinfcomb's, Chefer Major Bettesworth's,

Captain Griffith's, Greenwich

Pay Office, the 25th of Apr. 1713.

To what Time cleared.

To what Time subsisted.

/To the 2 ill December 1712

1 Ready to be cleaned to that} time, when called for - 3

iTothe 2 2d December 171 on the Warrants from that time > being not yet ligned )

Have received each £. 150, on ? Account of Subsistence, front I the said 21ll December 1712.

( Have received f. 1,6 30 8r. 4 < on Account of Subsistence, from (the said 22d December 1710.

J. Howe.

Ordered, That the said Account clo lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Conyers according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution they had directed him to report to the House ,* which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Resolution was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That a Supply be granted to her Majesty, for allowing Half Pay, for One Year, to the Several Officers who have Served well by Sea or Land in the lall War, and shall not be employed in Time of Peace.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to her Majesty, for allowing Half Pay, for One Year, to the Several Officers who have served well by Sea or Land in the Iaft War, and shall not be employed in time of Peace.

A Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Laud Tax in Great Britain for the Service of the Year 1713, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Corning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That the same Commissioners be appointed for Execution of the said Act as were appointed by the Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1711, and no others.

Refolded, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That Hie will be pleased to give Order, That her Majesty’s Directions relating to the Establishment for the Half Pays to thedisbanded Officers be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’* moll honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Monday . Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lu?uey 2 70 die Aprilis

12® Annae Regime, 1713.

Prayers.

SIR Peter King presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill lor confirming Articles, and veiling the Manor of Kirby Underwood, in the County of Lin-

Xoi. 17.

coin, add other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments; thereby agreed to be sold, in Trustees, forraifi >g Monies to discharge the Debts of Sir John de-

ceased, and his Daughters Portions; and other Purposes in the said Articles mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Thomas Hammer presented to the House, accord- Holland’s ing to Order, a Bill for discharging the Manor or Lord- EUats.

ship, of Bexwell, in the County of Norfolk, from the several Uses, Trusts, and Estates, thereof, limited in and by the Marriage Settlement of Sir John Holland Baronet, with the Lady Rebecca his now Wile; and settling divers other Manors, Messuages, Irands, Tenements and Hereditaments, of a greater Value, and which' lie more convenient, in the County of Norfin lieu thereof; And the same was received; and read the First tim£.

Resolved, That the bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Shuttleworth reported from the Committee, to Douglas whom the Bill for making the River Douglas, alias Af- Nav‘g*don. land, navigable, from the River Bible, into which it runs, up the said River AJland, ami Douglas, to a Place called Wild Mill, in the County of Lancaster, was committed, ‘

That they had made several Amendments to the Bill;

Which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- n.'^ys ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of tire whole *"*' House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Public Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to revive Accounts, and continue the Ad. for taking, examining, and dating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and to continue the Act for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army; Transport service, and Sick and Wounded.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Hanmertook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Hanmer reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, then the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Supply Bill; to a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for T«, granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen.

A Petition

S$4 27® — 28° — 290 1713.

A Petition of several Freeholders and Inhabitants of _ the Parish of Streatham, in the County of Surry, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Parish was charged, as their Proportion of the Land Tax of Four Shillings in the Pound, the Sutn of £.767. 195. od.in respect of some Persons inhabiting the re, who had large personal Estates; but, such Persons .1 'being fit) ceire moved, there hqs been a great Deficiency j forth* Laid ftmifl*; tnfemuch that, to make good the finpe, the Petitioner* have paid the lafi; Year 6$. 3d. in the Pound: That the Petitioners same is like to be worse; several Persons of good Subfljance intended to remove, t. if Redre& panpot be had: And pray ing the Consideration of the Hppfe* ^uid Relief in the Premises,

.Ordered,'That "the laid Petition be Referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whoto tt(e Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great , for the Ser-

"'Viee of the -Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen, is: committed.

-Ordered)- That the said Committee be impowered to '^receive-a Ctetnfe for the relieving such Hundreds or ’ ’Divisions that may be charged with more than Two Shillings in the Pound, because Estates, formerly liable to double Taxes, are now come to the Hands of such as are changeable poly with the single Tax.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

, njittee,‘That tjiey do receive a Clause for transferring . ‘ to the Register to be kept in the Exchequer, pursuant to .' the said Bill, the Loans remaining unsatistied oh the , feegifter for the Laud Tax, which, was to be raised in the Year 1710, jto.be paid, with the Interest thereof, out of the Monies to, arise by the said Bill.

Ordered, ..That the said Committee have Power to receive a, Clause of Credit, upon the said Bill.

Then the Hoyfe resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Cliair.

-'vMr, Conyers took the Chair of the Committee. p Mr.-Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conytrsreported from the Committee, That they ' had made same Progress in the Bill; and had directed. him to move, That they may have leave to fit again.

; Jte/btved) That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Heuse, to consider farther of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

A Copy of the Instructions to"the Commissioners for Inftmftion Sick and Wounded, fife. *° Commis-

And then he withdrew.

The Titles of the said Copies were read. Wounded.

Ordered, That they do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Rcjhlved, That this House will, upon Morn- African

ng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Trad* House, to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Public the whole House, to whom the Bill to revive and con- Accounts, tinue the Act for taking, examining, and Hating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and to continue the Act for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Transport Service, and Sick and Wounded; was committed; be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Ijand Tax. Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Lewen, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. EndfeiM Hopkins, Mr. Finch, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Jefferys, Mr. Road*.

Balhurst, Mr. Cha. Bertie, Mr. Halford, Mr. Ward, be

added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Endfeild, Edmonton, Tottenham,

Hackney, Newington, Hornsey, and Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and also the Petition of several Farmers, Waggoners, Pack Carriers, Stage Coachmen,

Carters, and Higlers, and others, that frequent the Road as well froni and beyond Endfeild, as from Endfeild to Shoreditch', is referred.

Mortis, 28® die \

{ 12* Ann® Regin®, 1713.

PRA YERg.

Douglas npH E House, according to Order, proceeded to take Kavigatisu: -JL jj^'o Consideration the Report from the Commit-1 ‘ te6,1 to whom the Bill for making the River Douglas,

1 alias Ajfarid, navigable, from the-Riverinto which l it runs, up' the said River and 'Douglas, to a Place 1 ‘ called Wild Mill, in the County of was

.Committed: ,

And the Amendments, made liy the Committee, to the Bill, were severally read a Second time;-and, upon 1 the'Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed unto, and the rest agreed unto, by the House;

' with an Ametyhnent to One of them: And another ‘‘Amendment was made, by the House to the Bill.

' ’' Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

I " - ;m: ’ ' . V.

Mr. Church- The House being informed. That Mr. Lynn, Secre-Com- tary to the Commissioners for the Sick and Wounded, attended'at the Door-,

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the " -‘House a Copy of the Commission appointing William ' 'Churchill Esquire One of the Commissioners for the Sick and Wounded, fife, dated the 11th of April 1704: And,

And then the House adjourned till To-morroyr Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 29® die Aprilis;

12® Ann® Regin®, 1713.

T RAY E R S.

MR. Quick presented to the House, according to Tanner's Order, a Bill for veiling the Estate late of Rftat«.

Tanner Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Goulfon reported from the Committee, to whom EudfieM the Petitions of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Roads, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Endfeld, Edmonton, Tottenham, Hackney, Newington, Hornsey, and Shoreditch, in the County of Midd; and of several

Farmers, Waggoners, Pack Carriers, Stage Coachmen,

Carters, and Higlers, and others, that frequent and pass the Road, as well from and beyond Endfield, as from field to Shoreditch; were referred; That they had met, and examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and heard the Evidence thereupon; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the 15 House;

Public

Accounts.

Answer to Address*

Supply.

12 Ann. 2q* — Jprilis. 305

House; and he road the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read $ and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of the said Petitions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petitions.

To which Report Exceptions being taken, for that the Matters of Fast in the said Petitions, as they appeared to the Committee, were not particularly reported to the House;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Sir Thomas Hanmer, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to revive and continue the Act for taking, examining, and Hating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and to continue the Act for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Transport Service, and Sick and Wounded, was committed; the Amendments they bad made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for disabling the Commissioners for putting the Act in Execution from having or holding any Office during the Continuance of the Act:

And the same was twice read: and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That their Address had been presented to her Majesty, That the would please to order. That her Majesty’s Directions relating to the Establishment for the Half Pays to the disbanded Officers to be laid before this House: And that ber Majesty had been pleased to order the same accordingly.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Conyers, reported from the Committee, That they had directed him to move the House to appoint a select Committee to examine and consider the Estimate for the Ordinary of the Navy for the Year 1713; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

Ordered, That a select Committee be appointed to examine and consider the Estimate for the Ordinary of the Navy for the Year 1713; and report their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Tho. , Lord Wm.

Pozcletl, Sir Robert Davis, Air. , Mr.

Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Campion, Mr. Cecfar, Colonel Graham, Mr. Annejley, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. ley, Mr. Lampton, Sir John S Air. Herbert, Sir Geo. Warburton, Mr. Laufun, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cross, Mr. North, Mr. Hey (ham, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Smith, Mr. Brigstock, Mr. Lozother, Sir Leake, Mr. Rowny, Sir

Cha. Hedges, Sir Geo. Byng, Lord , Lord Castle-

eomber. Air. Moor, Mr. Jefferyes, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Shippen, Sir Colonel Byerley, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Oglethorp, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Mcdlycot, Mr. Guibbons, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Alduorlh, Sir Alexander Cuming, Air . LexMr Mr.

Goulston, Mr. Onjlou', Mr. Baylie, Air, Currance, Mr.

Vol. 17.

Lockhart, Sir Roger Brad/haigh, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Simeon Steivart, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Bromley, Sir John

Rushout, Mr. Burslem, Sir Jacob Bankes, Sir Geo. -wont. Air. Lelchmcre, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Serjeant Pratt, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Poulteney, Colonel King, Mr. Bulteel, Mr. BGeneral Stanhope, Mr. Auditor Harley, Sir James Bateman: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to fit de die in diem: And have Leave to fit in a Morning.

Mr. Conyers acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That in case of Controverlies arising in any Place, concerning the Proportions to be allotted, no Commissioner should have a Voice in deciding the fame, that is concerned, or inhabits within such a Place:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for a Rule whereby to tax the Royal Boroughs in Scotland:

And the said Clause was once read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J CyZZ\ } '

a- 11 e.u xt I Mr. Abercrombie, 7 c

Tellers for the Noes, j Mr Rede . J 26.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill for relieving the Borough of Southwark from paying above Two Shillings in the Pound to the said Aid:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Brigadier Windsor, Mr. Jac. Lozother, Mr. Weld, Mr. Hart, Mr. Cage, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Knight, Mr. Cater, Mr. Laufon Mr. Freman, be added

to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing a Clause in an Act, of the 13th Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Confirmation of certain Decrees of Sewers, made by the Commissioners for the Limits of the Level of the River of in the

Comity of Lincoln: and that the said Level may be liable to the Laws of Sewers; is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aloruing, Nine of the Clock.

4 I

Supply Bill;. Land Tax,

Ancholme ‘ Level.

Podf

Vicara^ti in Yorkshire.

Elliui*

Bankruptcy.

Ancholm

Level.

Powell1* Right of Trade.

*o6 yf Aprilis. 1713.

Jovis, 30° die Apr tits;

12* Annas Reginas, 1713*

Praters.

THE Lord Viscount Downe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bil) for making Inclosures of some Part of the Common Grounds in the West Riding of the County of York, for the endowing poor Vicarages and-Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ResolvedThat the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to give Leave for William Ellitis to surrender himself to a Commission of Bankrupt, for the Benefit of his Creditors, was read a Second time,

Refoloed, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Ferrier, Sir Wm. Mr.

Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Hungerford Sir John Mr. Shackerley, Sir John Cafs Mr Sir Richard

Hoar, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Mr. Freman,

Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Aldvcorih, Mr. Mr.

ranee, Mr. Herne, Mr. Aijla Mr. Mr.

Bracebridge, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Mr. Peyton,

Mr. Coulston, Sir James Bateman, Colonel Cage, Sir

Geo. Newland, Mr. Shafloe, Sir Gery, Mr. Erie, Mr. Bertie, Sir Wm. Lewen, Mr. Finch, Mr. Gould, Mr. Ward, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Bulleel, Mr. Craggs, Sir Franc. Vincent. Mr. Annejley, Mr.: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Sir Rowland Winn Baronet was pre-fiented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner being informed of a Bill brought into the House for repealing a Clause of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for confirmation of certainDecreesof Sewers, made by the Commissioners for the Limits of the Level of the River of Ancholm, in the County of Lincoln, which said

Clause being a Security to the Petitioner for the reim-bjurfing to him several Sums of Money, paid on Account of the Repairs of the said Level, if the same be repealed, will be very prejudicial to the Petitioner: And praying to be heard, by his Counsel, or otherwise, against the said Bill, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, if he think fit: And that Mr. Freman be added to the said Committee.

A Petition of John Powel, of London, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read, setting forth. That, in 1698, the Petitioner advanced £.3,700 towards raif-iagTwo millions, on the Credit of an Act, whereby the Trade to the East Indies was for ever granted to the Contributors, redeemable by Parliament, on Payment of the said Two millions: That the Petitioner aid not enter into the Joint Stock; but traded separate; paying Five Pounds per Cent, on the gross Sale at the Candle to the Joint Stock Company: That the United Stock Company have since gained a further Term, upon advancing of £.1,200,000: That the Petitioner was, and is, willing to pay his Proportion of the same Sum: And when the Bill was brought in, whereby the Petitioner’s Stock was to be given to the United Company for One hundred Pounds per Cent, the Petitioner was not heard against the said Bill: That the Company have bought in all the separate Stock, except the Petitioner’s, and £.500 more: and the Petitioner has offered them his Stock, upon the same Terms; but they refuse it: And praying. That a Bill be brought in for preserving the Petitioners Right of Trade to the East Indies, according to the Meaning of the First Act, on the Credit of which the Petitioner paid his Money; he being ready to pay his Proportion of the said £.1,200,000 with Interest, from the time the Company 21

paid their Money, or such other Relief as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Freman, Sir Geo. Newland-, Mr. Earl, Mr. Bulled, Mr. Cur ranee, Mr. Craggs, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Ward, Mr. ALkoorth, Mr.

Jlow, Mr. Moor, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Shipper, Mr. Shaft0, Mr. Worjlcy, Mr. Newland, Mr. Robinjbrii Sir Cha. Cox, Mr. Bristow, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. IJerne, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Gape, Mr.

Sir John Thorold, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr.

Quick, Mr. Finch, Mr. Laivfon, Mr. Mr*

Dockminique, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Duncomb, Sir Tho. Powell, Mr. Brigs tuck, Mr.

Sheppard, Mr. Sharp, the Earl of Thomond, Mr. Burslem, Mr. Harvey, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Gilbert ben, Mr. Cater, Mr. Cale, Lord Lyon, Mr.

Mr. Hopkins, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Mr.

Auditor Harley), Mr. Cotefzcorth, Mr. Manky, Sir Richard Onflmo, Colonel Cage, Mr. Loiother, Sir Tho. Powys, Mr. Medlycot, Sir Arlh. Kay, Sir Geo.

Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. , Mr. Ferrier, Mr* Bracebridge, Lord Downe, Mr* Hart, Mr. Foley, Sir Wm, Robinson, Sir Alexander Cuming, Lord Wm. Rowlett, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Coitl/ion, Mr. Shutllezvorlh, Sir Nicholas Morice, Mr. Monel:ton, Mr. Campion, Sir Cople-fton Bampfield, Mr. Harley, the Earl of Hertford, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Wortley:And they are to meet this After-

noon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Grand Jury, Justices of the Peace, Clergy, and other Gentlemen and Freeholders, assembled at the Grand Sessions holden for the County of Brecon, the 6th day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Fines and Poll Fines in the said County being leased for long Terms of Years to certain Patentees, they, with their Agents, act'ume to themselves the Power of assessing the Sums to be paid on the Compositions of such Fines; and, by that means, exact unreat-sonable Sums from her Majesty’s Subjects having Freeholds there: And praying. That the Counties of South Wales may be put upon an equal Foot with the rest of her Majesty’s Subjects, in respect of their Compositions for their Fines and Poll Fines; and that some just and equal Method may be settled for ascertaining and settling the Sums of Money to be paid upon all Compositions for fines and Post-fines, upon the Alienation of Lands. And,

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Grand Jury, Justices of the Peace, Clergy, and other Gentlemen and Freeholders, of the County of Glamorgan, at the Grand Sections held at Cardiffe, in and for the said County, the 13th of April 17x3, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Fines and Post-fines in that County, and others in South Wales, being leased for long Terms of Years to certain Patentees, they, with their Agents, assumc to themselves, the Power of assessing the Sums to be paid on the Compositions of such Fines; and, by that means, exact unreasonable Sums from her Majesty’s Subjects having Freeholds there: And praying, in respect of the said Fines and Post-fines, to be put upon an equal Foot with the rest of her Majesty’s Subjects.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Grand Jury, Justices of the Peace, Clergy, and other Gentlemen, assembled at the Grand Sessions holden for the County of Radnor, in South Wales, the 30th Day of March Amo Dom. 1713; setting forth. That *

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy compounding of Fines and Post-fines to be levied of Lands within the Principality of:

And that Mr. Cocks, Sir Edward Stradling, Mr. Thomas Harley, and Sir Thomas Powell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir

Fines oil Lands in Wales.

Ditto,

Ditto.

12 Ann.

30" /Iprills. — 1" Mail.

307

j’.jf Pav r.f- Sir William JVi/ndham presented to the House, pur-

to their A«I«irels to her Majesty, a Copy of the Queen’s Orders and Rules to be obferVed in the Establishment of Half Pay:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Orders and Rules are as follow; viz.

A NNER.

Whereas, upon the disbanding several of our Forces, we have thought fit, That Half Pay shall be allowed to the Commission Officers, who shall, by that means, be di (charged our Service, until they shall be again provided for therein; which it is our Royal Intention they shall be in the Fit ft Vacancies that may happen amongst our Forces that shall be kept on Foot, in Preference to all other Persons: We do, nevertheless, hereby declare our Pleasure, That, in order to the forming and settling the Establishment of Half Pay to the Officers, as aforesaid, the following Rules be duly observed:

1 ft. All Officers concerned are to produce their Commissions from us, or the Generals of our Armies, by which they are intitled to receive Half Pay, before they are entered upon the Lift thereof.

ad. The Allowance of Half Pay is to be made to such Commission Officers only, as are our Subjects: To which end, such Officers as may be Foreigners are to produce authentick Certificates of their Naturalization.

3. No Officer who has fold out of our Army, and, by that means, quitted our Service, shall be intitled to Half Pay.

4. No Officer having Two Ports in our Army shall be allowed the same in a double Capacity; and where any Officer shall have Two Commissions in our Service, the one intitling him to Pay, and the other to any ftlpe-rior Rank, his Half Pay shall be governed according to the Commission by which he receives Pay only, and not according to his other Commission* or Brevet.

5. We are further pleased to declare, That the said . Allowance of Half Pay to t lie Officers of the Regiments

already reduced shall commence from the 25th of March last; and such as are to be ditbanded, from the respective times of their Disbanding: And where it may happen, that any Officers, Prisoners, or others, of the Regiments already reduced, are not yet arrived from Spain,

tugal, or France, The Commencement of their Half Pay is to be regulated from the respective Times of their Arrival, or Exchange, as we shall hereafter think fit to direct.

Given at our Court at IVi this 30th Day of

July 1712, in the Eleventh Year of our Reign.

By her Majesty's Command,

Memd. It having been represented to her Majesty, That the Vote providing Half Pay for the reduced Officers, in the Year 1697, ran in these Words; " That Provision be made for giving HalfPayto the "Commission Officers, his Majfclly’Snatural-born " Subjects of England, of Horse, Dragoons, and "Foot, disbanded, or to be disbanded, till the said " Officers shall be fully paid and cleared, and olher- wife provided for j" her Majesty was pleased to direct, that Half Pay should be itfued to such as were (triftly her natural-born Subjects only, until this House should declare their Sense thereon.

Ordered, That the said Orders and Rules do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

African The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

’i rad*. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider of the Trade to Africa;

Ditto. A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of -riiingham, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Manufacture of Cutlers Ware, and all forts of wrought Iron, hath increased since the laying open of the Trade to That if the same should be carried on by a Company exclusive of all others, it would subject the said Manu-

Vol. 17.

faCiures to One Buyer, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying the said Trade to Africa may continue free and open.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ferrier took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ferrier reported from the Committee, That they had considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received on Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden, and Sir 'Win. Carero, Ancholme be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repeal- Lty6 ' ing a Clause in an Act, of the Thirteenth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Confirmation of certain Decrees of Sewers, made by the Commissioners for the Limits of the Level of the River of Ancholme, in the County of Lincolnj and that the said Level may be liable to the Laws of Sewers; is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning* Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 1 9 dieMaii;

12* Annas Reginae, 1713.

Praters.

BILL for confirming Articles, and vetting the Lady Manor of Kirby Underwood, in the County of Lin- £^nlow'

coin, and other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, thereby agreed to be sold, in Trustees, for raising Monies to discharge the Debts of Sir John Brownlow, deceased, and his Daughters Portions and other Purposes in the said Articles mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord William Powlett, Sir Peter King, Sir Wm. , Mr. Smith,

Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Waters,

Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Heysham, Sir Fra. Vincent,

Mr. Brijlozv, Sir Robert Jenkinson, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Earl, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Plumptree, Mr.

Pringle, Mr. Guibbon, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Wortley, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Laugharn, Mr. cot, Mr. Baylie, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Ferrier, Sir John Clerk, Mr. North, Mr. Vincent, Colonel Mr. Roioney, Mr. Serjeant Richardson, Sir Arth. Kay,

Mr. Clark, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Bromley, Colonel King, Sir Robert Davers, General Stanhope, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Freman, Sir Ja. Bateman, Mr. Norths Mr. Brigstock, Sir Wm.Withers, Mr. Ward, Lord Doione, Mr. Lowtlier, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Bertie, Lord CaJllecomber, Mr. iJrwfon, Mr. Burslem, Mr. Manleys Mr. Hopkins, Sir Cha. Cox, Lord Harley, Sir Gilbert Elliott, Mr. Moor, Mr. Cccfar, Mr. Mr. Her-

bert, Sir Tho. Hanmer; and all that serve for the County of Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambers.

A Bill for discharging the Manor, or Lordship of Holland’s Bexwell, in the County of Norfolk, from the several Eftat*. U fes, Trusts, and Estates thereof, limited in and by the Marriage Settlement of Sir John Holland Baronet with the Lady Rebecca his Wife j and settling divers other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of a greater Value, and which lie more convenient, in the County of Norfolk, in lieu thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho.

Hanmer, Mr. Medlycot, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Earl,

Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Brig flock, Mr. Gibbons, Mr.

1

308 ' i° Mali. 1713.

Rmoney, Mr. Conyers, Sir Mr

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bayly Sir Mr.

Sir Robert Eden, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Quick, Mr.

Shockerly, Colonel Stanl> Lord Poroleti, Mr.

Cleveland, Mr. Ash, Sir Pat. Mr.

Sir Cha. Hot ham. Lord Hertford, Mr. Din "ham, Mr. Coventry, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Smith, MrMr. Ward, Mr. Serjeant Dichardson, Mr. Lord

Doxcnc, Colonel Byerley, Mr Sir

house, Mr. Fcrrier, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Aldioorlh, Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Loxclhcr, Mr. Jolmfon, Lord

Mr. Carnegie, Mr. Bertie, Sir James Bateman, Colonel Cage, Sir Jacob Bankes, Mr. Frpnan, Mr.

Mr. Ixlchmere, Sir Jof. Jekyll, Mr. Murray, Mr. doll, Mr. Moor, Mr. Mauley, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Harris, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir ThGery, Sir John Mordaunt, Sir Cha. Cox, Mr. Ctcfar, Lord Harley, Sir Arth. JCay, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Page, Mr. Foley, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Medlycott; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

Sail Cloth A Petition of William Smith senior, Walter iiaatthifture. and Thomas Shefford, Merchants, in behalf of themselves and others, ManufacturersofSail Cloth in Britain, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the making of Sail Cloth in England is of great Benefit to the Nation, and employs many Thousands of Poor; and hath received due Encouragement by Acts of Parliament; but yet British Sail Cloth hath not the same Encouragement with foreign Sail Cloth; for that though it pays a Duty, yet, upon Exportation to the Plantations, it draws back moil of its Duty; whereas the British Flax pays a Duty equal to foreign Canvas, and when mannfactured, and exported, draws back nothing: That great Quantities of foreign Sail Cloth are daily imported, being made where little or no Duty is

Said for the Materials; whereby the said British lanufacture is greatly discouraged; and will be loft, unless some Encouragement be given: And praying such Encouragement for this useful Manufacture as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Bertie, Mr. , Sir

Jacob Bankes, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Lowther, Sir Drake, Sir John Clarke, Mr. Pitt, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Bqffe, Mr. Smith, Mr. Medlycot, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Cuningham, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Gnidott, Mr. 'Currance, Mr. Ferrer, Mr Mr. Marriot,

Lord JVm. Poxvlet, Sir Wm. Gifford, Mr. Auditor Harley, Lord Cajllecomber, Mr. Latofon, Sir Nic. Morice, Sir Geo. Netoland, Mr. Ward, Mr. Foley, General Stanhope, Mr. BrigRock, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr.

Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Wild, Sir John Leake, Mr. Cafar, Lord Doxone, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Earle, Sir;

Mr. Hedges, Colonel Byerly, Mr. Gonlston, Mr. Lockhart, Sir Robert Furneje, Mr. Baylie, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Moore, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Shackerley, Colonel Cage, Lord Harley, Mr. Ixrwndes, Sir Alexander Sir

Fra. Vincent, Mr. Freman, Mr. Yeaman, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Tho. Hanmete, Sir How, Mr. Car-

nigie, Lord Lyon, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Gore, Mr. Brydges, Mr. Gnibbon, Si rington. Sir Tho. Powell, Mr. Webb, Mr. Harley, Sir Tho. Gery, Mr. Ever field, M r. Hampden, Sir Hoar,

the Earl of Hertford, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Finch, Mr. Barloio, Sir Geo.Bing, Mr. Cross, Sir Arth. Kay, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Aldfivorlh, Mr. Slmrp, Mr. Shuttleioorth, Sir Jof. Marlin, Mr. Manley, Mr. Cotesworth, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Johnson, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Sir Job.

Cafs, Colonel Child, Mr. (Jtijlow: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; And have Leave to-fit in a Morning.

A Petition of the Merchants in London trading in Tobarc#

Tobacco, on behalf of themselves, and the Planters of Trade. Virginia and Maryland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Custom of Six Pence and One-third of a Peny per Pound on Tobacco is more than it can bear: That the planting of Tobacco in Europe so vastly increases, that the American Tobacco fells in foreign Markets for less than the Custom and Freight: These Discouragements have obliged several Merchants trading in Tobacco to leave it off; and forced many Planters upon Manufactures; inso much that some Counties in Virginia and Maryland make Shoes, Hats,

Linen, Woollen, fife, not only for their own, but for the Use of their Neighbours; others fow Corn, and fend great Quantities to several Parts of Europe: That the Petitioners are apprehensive their Bonds for Customs, dischargeable by Debentures, will be prosecuted before the Time allowed by Law for Exportation requires:

And praying the said Duty on Tobacco may be ldTeited; and such other Relief as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Smith senior, 1 Valter and Thomas

Shefford, Merchants, in behalf of themselves, and other Manufacturers of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of Ways to secure the Duties of her Majesty’s Customs, and to prevent the Running of Tobacco.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City Ditto,

of Bristol to Virginia and Maryland was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trade to these Colonies daily diminishes, by the planting Tobacco in Europe, and the Discouragements Traders lie under, being obliged to pay the New Subsidy in Three Months, the additional Duty and One-third Subsidy in Nine Months; whereas Eighteen Months are allowed by Law for Exportation; and also the retaining Part of the Duty when exported; by which means, and by the heavy Duty lying thereon, our Tobacco is rendered dearer in foreign Parts: And praying. That the said Duties may be lessened* and Eighteen Months allowed for Payment thereof, and a Drawback of all Duties when exported; and such other Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Smith senior, Walter Stewart, and Thomas Shefford, Merchants, in behalf of themselves, and others, Manufacturers of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Limiting securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Officers in Number of Officers in the House of Commons: And House* that Mr. Wortley, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Heysham, and Mr,

Shackerley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Bill for making Inclosures of some Poor Vicar-Part of the Common Grounds in the West Ridings of ?8es, the County of York, for the endowing poor Vicarages York0ure-and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers, be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, Supply Bill; to be raised by a Land Tax in Great for the Tmx*

Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicenle, That the Bill do pass;

And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen.

Ordered,

Ways and Means.

Stockton

Chapel.

Army, &c. Cttimutes*

Stourton

Manor.

12 Ann. i° — 2°

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned tHl Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2° die Maii;

12* Annae Reginas, 17x3.

Prayers.

SI R Robert Eden reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Chapelry of Stockton a distinct Parish, was committed. That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the feme in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and several of them a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were, with some Amendments, agreed unto, and others disagreed unto, by the House.

And another of the said Amendments being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the said Committee.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That the will be pleased to give Order to the proper Officer to lay before this House an Estimate of the Charge of the Land Forces in her Majesty’s Pay for the First Six Months, for the Year 1713.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That flie will be pleased to give Order to the proper Officer to lay before this House an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for the Year 1713.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moil honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of the Right honourable Edward Lord Sturton was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner being Tenant in Tail Male, and Tail General, of the Manor of Stourlon in ’ Wilts, with its Appurtenances, did mortgage the same to Sir Thomas Meres Knight, or others in Trust for him, for£.15,300 principal Money; and hath since con-trafted to fell him the same for £.19,400 That there has been several Suits between the Petitioner and Sir Thomas, upon which the Court of Chancery hath decreed Sir Thomas Meres a Purchaser of the said Premises, if the Petitioner could make Title to an absolute and indefeasible Estate of Inheritance in Fee-simple therein: That upon examining the Petitioner’s Title in the Premises, it was found, the Remainder in Fee, expectant on the said Entails, was in the Crown j and that the Petitioner could not make a Title to the Premises, without her Majesty’s Consent that an Act be paired in Parliament for diverting the Crown of such Remainder: That her Majesty had been applied to for that Purpose; and had ordered her Attorney and Solicitor to give Consent thereto: And praying Leave, That a Bill be brought into the House for diverting the Remainder out of the Crown, and vesting the same in some Person that may be barred thereof, to the end the Petitioner may make good his Contraft with the said Sir Thomas Meres.

And Mr. Solicitor General acquainted the House, That the Petitioner’s same had been represented to her Majesty: And that he was commanded to signify to the House her Majesty’s Consent to the bringing in such a Bill, if the House shall think fit.

Vox,. 17.

Maii. 369

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the fold Petition: And that Mr. Bingham, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame. s

Ordered, That the Reverend Dr HeSacheverell be Dr. Sachere-desired to preach before this House, at St, Margaret's, 1151110 Preach Westminster, the 49th Instant: And that Sir John Pak- on29l"Ma7-ington. Sir Wm. Whitehcke, Mr. Newland, and Mr.

Hungeiford, do acquaint him therewith.

Sir Wm. Wyndham reported from the Committee, to F.arl of whom the Bill for confirming Grants, in Fee-farm, made Thomond’* b y Henry Earl of Thomond, by virtue of, or since, the Estate-Passing of an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable the Earl of Thomond to make Leases for Three Lives, with Covenants for Renewal for ever, and G rants, in Fee-farm, of the Lands and Hereditaments in Ireland, comprised in his Marriage Settlement; and for giving some Ease and Relief to the Purchasers under the said former Act, in the Particulars therein mentioned; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Merchants trading in Wines was Bonded Wine presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That Duties, the Petitioners have imported great Quantities of Wines, for Part of which they gave Bonds, as the Law permitted, and have paid all principal Money: That the Commissioners of the Customs not only refusing to deliver up the said Bonds, but having giyep Directions to their Solicitor to prosecute the Petitioners for Interest upon their said Bonds; the Petitioners, according to a Clause in the Act of Tonage and Poundage, impowering the Lord High Treasurer, upon any Representation of the Commissioners of the Customs, if they judged it reasonable, to remit the said Interest, applied to the Lord High Treasurer, representing the Haitiships that have befallen them during the War, deliring his Lordship to remit the said Interest: That his Loixlship referred the Matter to the Commissioners of the Customs, who were to consider of, and report, the State of the Matter: That the Commissioners have not yet made their Report; and the Petitioners are in Danger of being sued upon their said Bonds contrary to the Tenor of the said Clause: And praying Consideration of their Cafes, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Smith senior, Walter Stewart, and Thomas Shefford, Merchants, in behalf of themselves, and others Manufacturers of Sail Cloth in Great , is refer-

red: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the same to the House.

Mr. Brydges presented to the House an Estimate Of Clearing* what is due for the Clearings, and net Off Reckonings, and of her Majesty’s Troops, upon the Establishments of RcckomnS*-

Spain and Portugal, and the Low Countries, from the respective times to which they were last paid, to the.

25th of March 1713:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Tiie said Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

4 K The

Duties on

French

Wine*

310

a* — 40 Mail. A. 1713.

The House being moved, That the Third Section of the Act 7 and 8 Gulielm. intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon all French Goods and Merchandises, might be read;

The same was read accordingly:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to suspend, for Two Months, the Duties of Twenty-five Pounds per Tun on French Wines imported;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Ye.a, } '34-

Tellers for the Noes, } 1 °5-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to suspend, for Two Months, the Duties of Twenty-five Pounds per Tun on French Wines imported:

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes.f 9',"°/’

T M r. Lloyd,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

]m4-

]>°1-

Ordered, That Sir Robert Mr. Moor, and

Mr. Manley, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Ferrier, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to confindr of the Trade to Africa, the Resolution they had directed

him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Trade to Africa ought to be free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects of Great Britain, and the Plantations, under such proper Regulations as shall subject the Trade to Duties, for maintaining the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question was put. That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next:

It pasted in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Trade to Africa ought to be free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects of Great Britain, and the Plantations, under such proper Regulations as shall subject the Trade to Duties, for maintaining the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. , Mr. Heysham, Sir

Robert Davers, Colonel Byerley, and Mr. Earle, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Africa* 1 Iduit,

Public An ingrossed Bill to revive and continue the Act for Accounts, taking, examining, and stating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and to continue the Act for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts d»e to the Army, Transport Service, and Sick and Wounded; was read the! bird time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; Pr. I.. To insert the word " aforesaid

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the I loufe: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to revive and continue the Act for taking, examining, and stating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and to continue the Act for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Transport Service, and Sick and Wounded.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Haunter do carry the Bill to the-Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Navy Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Commit-Estimat*. tee, to whom the Consideration of the Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1713, is referred, That they do examine whether any Sum or Sums of Money have been directed, or paid, or any former Estimate for the Ordinary of the Navy, other than the usual Salaries.

Soldiers. Ac. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to TruiesX*rC1<* ena^e fi»ch Officers and Soldiers as have been in her Majesty’s Service during this War to exercise their Trades; and for Officersto account with their Soldiers: And that Sir William and Mr. Chancellor of

the Exchequer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Limiting Mr. Worthy presented to the House, according to

the lloufe1 Order, a Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, ic on 1. ky the iitjpg the Number of Officers in the House of Commons: And the same was received; and read the Firit time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill he read a Second time upon Taefday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read;

Lunce, 40 die Mali;

12*Anr.ee Reginas, 1713.

Prayers.

MR. Chancellor of the F.xchequer acquainted the An Cw t* House, That her Majesty had been attended with AJUrek the Address of this House, That lhe would be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House an Estimate of the Charge of the Land Forces in her Majesty’s Pay, for the First Six Months, for the Year 1713; and also an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1713: And that her Majesty had given Direction* accordingly.

Mr. Gonlfion reported from the Committee, to whom EndfWU the Petitions of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, IWd* and principal Inhabitants, of the Parishes of,

Edmonton, Tottenham, Hackney, Horn fey,

and Shoreditch, in the county of ; and of several Farmers, Waggoners, Pack Carriers, Stage Coarhmen, Carters, and Higglers, and others, that frequent and pass the Road, as well from and beyond End-field and Shoreditch; were re-committed; the Matter, as it appeared to them, and they had directed to be reported to the House, and their Resolutions thereupon; which lie read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report and Resolutions, were read; and are as follow; viz

That the Committee have met, pursuant to the Order of Re-commitment: And the Petitioners, to prove the Allegation of their Petition, both now and before, brought several Witnesses; viz.

Mr. William Daufon: Who said, That, in the Years 1(199 and 1700, he was Surveyor of the Highways in Hackney Parish; and, upon a Uriel Survey thereof, which took up 19 Days of his time; and represented the fad Condition the said Roads were in; ami particularly that Part of the High Road, mentioned in the Petition, in Hackney Parish; upon which, lie was deft red to go on with his Care of the Roads, under a Promise of Reimbursements; which he did, and had a Rate of per Pound given; and he collected more Monies thereon than any Surveyor had done there before him; and likewise can led more Work to be done to the Roads by the Statute; and

yet

i 2AnK. 4° Mali. 311

yet the Charge arose so high, that he was rated in proportion to 10 \d.in the Pound: IJe Paid, He believed a 6d. Rate was annually allowed for repairing the Roads, besides the Statute-work; and that is not sufficient for doing the fame:

That, when he was Surveyor, there was ?.8 Teams in Hackney Parish, and now not above 14 Teams; for that the final! Farms are turned into planting Potatoes, which they carry to Market in Panniers on Ilorfes, and not in Carts; and so not liable, to Statute-work: But that all the Teams did not only do their full Six Days Work, but several from Six to Ten Days; and several Farmers sent Two or Three Teams to the Service:

That the Generality of the Inhabitants at Hackney are Merchants, and others, who consist chiefly of personal Estates, who contribute to the repairing the Roads much beyond the Proportion of a Six Peny Rate, for the Purchasing of Ballad:

That if all the Surveyors had done as much since, as he did when he was Surveyor; which he supposes they did, because the Rates have been much the fame, he is satisfied the Roads could not be kept in Repair; because the Roads are in many Places lower than the adjacent Grounds on each Side; so that the Sewers cannot tarry off the Water:

That the High Road at Kingsland is full of Quick-sands; and cannot be secured, but by enlarging the Road there, and preserving it by Drains made of Brick: That upon the same Road, near Hackney, are several Springs, which cannot be secured without new Foundations made upon the Road there:

That upon the Ascent in the Road to and Descent therefrom, are several Quicksands, which cannot be remedied without extraordinary Brick-drains, and Bridges over them:

That Hackney Parish, upon a modest Computation, tare obliged to repair Six Miles and f of Roads in the Parish.

Mr. Tyson said. That he often rides from Hackney to Southgate, in Enfield Parish; and thinks a great Part of the High Road thither to be as bad as it is at Hackney, where it is so dangerous, that, when he rides to London, he is compelled for Safety to make a Way through his own Grounds to avoid the Road.

Mr. Hexteter said, That he knows the Road from Chejlonto Shoreditch to be in a very bad Condition; for that, as his Business calls him to Town Three times a Week, he has made it his Observation, that he has scarce come once this Winter but he has seen some Cart or Carriage overturned with the Lading, and sometimes several; and that he himself thinks, and is well assured, that Road cannot be repaired, and preserved, by Statute-work, because there will be extraordinary Drains and Bridges required to perform that Work, which cannot be done without extraordinary Means; and he knows of no Materials that lie contiguous to the Road, but what must be pufehafed for repairing the fame, and brought from some Distance.

Mr. Boulton said, That he knows the RoadinQuestion from Endfield to Shoreditch very well, and thinks it the

word Road about London, and has seen several Carts and Carriages overturned therein j and it is now become almost impassable, and cannot be repaired, and

much Jess be preferred without the Help of the Legifla-ture; the Roads being so much wore away in some Places, that they are lower than the adjacent G rounds; and therefore cannot be drained without cutting through such Grounds, and making good Foundations for that Purpose:

That from a Place called Ponders-end, in the said Road, for three Miles together, is as bad as any other Part of the Road; and that a Place called Duck-lane is so very dangerous, that upon a Computation made, Ten thousand Load of Gravel is not sufficient to repair it:

That he has been assisting at a Computation of the Charge of amending the High Road in Hackney Parish, about Three Miles; and found it could not be done under 21,000 Load of Gravel; 7,000 Load forward,

and 3,000 Load in Breadth, sufficient for Two Carriages to meet and pass by each other; which, at 3s. per Load, amounts to £.3,150; and that the remaining Part of the Road will require 14,000 Load more:

That he has known Hackney Parish have rated themselves 10 d.in the Pound for mending their Roads, and which was not sufficient for that Purpose; nor the same cannot be done without extraordinary Means of Drains and Bridges:

That he does not know what Fines and Issues have been applied to the Repair of the said Road; but knows that Six Pence in the Pound, at leal't, has been annually collected.

Mr. Stacey said. The Roads in Hackney Parish are bad} and believes there has been the Over-rates annually to repair the fame, which are about Seven Miles by Computation; but also believes the Statute-work, if fully performed, and a Six Peny Rate, would repair the said Roads; which Rate he believes will raise about £.200 a Year; for which Sum his Father undertook to supply the said Parish with Gravel from his Pits; and that his Pits are Two Miles, at lead, from the Road.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their said Petitions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayers of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petitions: And that Mr. Goulston, Mr. Ward, Mr. Gould, Mr. Freman, and Mr. Cafar, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland 1 And that Mr. Lockhart and Mr. Carnegie do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Win. Wyndham presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, an Estimate of all her Majesty’s Land Forces, with the Charge thereof, for Six Months, from the 22d of December 1712 to the 23d Day of June 1713, both inclusive, according to their present Establishment:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Estimate is as follows;

Vol. 17.

ESTIMATE

Endfwtd

ltoads.

Elections im Scotland.

Army

Estimat*.

JI2

4° Mali.

A. 1713.

ESTIMATE of all her Majesty’s Land Forces, with the Charge thereof for Six Months, from the 22d of December 1712 to the 23d Day of June 1713, both inclusive, according to their present Establishment.

Horse - -

Dragoons

Foot

First Troop of Guards Second Troop of Guards Third Troop of Guards -Fourth Troop of Guards -First Troop of Grenadiers - Second Troop of Grenadiers ' Royal Regiment of Guards The Queen’s own Regiment Lord Windfor's

Major General Kellum’s -Lieutenant General M arqu is of H

Royal Regiment Earl of Stair’s 1 The Queen’s own Regiment \ Late Sir Richard Temple's Lieutenant General Ross's Lieutenant General Colonel Kerr's

'First Regiment of Guards -Second Regiment of Guards -Third Regiment of Guards -Colonel Kirk's Regiment -Colonel Sehoynn's ——

Lieutenant General Seymour's -

Lieutenant General Webb's -

Lord North and Grey's ——

Major General fVightman's -

Earl of Orrery's -

Brigadier Stern's ——

Brigadier Sutton’s ——

Major General Sabine’s

Major General Primrqjb's - -

Brigadier Bretons ——

brigadier Prejlons ——

Major General Sibourg’s -Brigadier flans Hamilton’s -

Colonel Pocock’s -

Colonel Leigh's ——

Major General Wynn's ——

The Royal Regiment of Foot -

Major General IJilfs -

Earl of Hertford's ——

Late Brigadier Duretfs - - - ‘ -

Colonel Defney's ——

Colonel Newton’s -

Major General Evans's ——

Cotonel Kane's ——

Royal Regiment of Fuziliers -Colonel Philipps's Regiment - -

Major General Whetham's -

Colonel Molesworth's ——

Major General Elliott's -

Earl of Barrymore's -

Major General Pearce's ——

Major General Newton's ——

Lieutenant General Sankey's -Lieutenant General Mordaunt's

Colonel Handafyde's ——

Colonel Alexander's ——

Supernumerary Recruits in Minorca and

computed at.....- J

NUMBERS.

i8t

181

181

»8t

176

*77

535

509

400

400

400

400

509

662

383

383

66 2

383

383

2.003

1.003 1,287

725

938

725

938

938

725

938

938

938

938

938

725

938

876

876

834

876

876

1,876

876

938

876

938

938

876

938

938

938

938

938

876

725

725

725

725

725

725

1,200

3»521

3,365

Charge for 184 Days.

«£. x. d.

121,036 4 6

61,011 6 8

39.345

46,231

357*97* 4 8

540,012 15 10

Independent

i2 Ann

4* Mali.

Independent Companies -

Invalids - -

General Officers, and Contingencies, Sic.

Brought over

-Two Companies in North Britain -

Four Companies at New York -Four Companies at Annapolis Royal Four Companies at Placentia -. One Company at Bermudas -

f Twelve Companies at WHampton Court A

\ Chester, Tinmovth, Landguard Fort, Dover*,

( Sheerness, (Jpnor, Tilbury, Greenwich - -)

£. s. d.

General Officers in Britain Contingencies upon Account r In Great Britain -In Dunkirk -Gari- I In Minorca -fons \ In Gibraltar ( I In Annapolis Royal In Placentia

General Officers in Flanders Contingencies upon Account , Forage -

7,263 6 —

3,820 ——

13»®7f) *4 8 2,208 ——

3*4 71 9 4

1,890 12 —

564 — 564 —

*3,94 5 8 5,041 9 6

7,809 5 6

Foreigners

Total

C Walloons - - One Regiment of Dragoons -

? Tinw,- S One Regiment of Dragoons -IHolJI'm - One Re|imenl of foo°

Cl. St. Cl. St.

NUMBERS.

313

Charge for 184 Days.

116 46,23*

449 364 364 58 *.35*

*,*94

- r - - L

581 558 883 61.. St.

2,022 221,721 13

Which Sum of 221,721 13, at 10 10 to the Pound Sterling, makes

Total Charge -

W. Wyndhatft.

£ * d.

540,012 15 10

10,803 17 4 5,349 12 —

33,661 4 —

*5,945 — 8

615,772 9 10

21,116 5 —

636,888 14 10

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon thcTable, to be perul'ed by the Members of the House.

Powell’s Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition

flight of of John Powell, of London, Merchant, is referred, have lt»d«. Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and have Leave to fit in a Morning.

Robberies Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for in Houses. t{,e more effectual preventing and punishing Robberies that shall be committed in Houses: And that Mr. Medlycot, Sir Francis Vincent, and Sir Gilbert Dolben, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sail CI0H1 Ordered, That Sir Tho. Johvfin, Sir Pat. Johnson, Manufacture, r Cleveland, Mr. Burridge, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Wm. Smith senior, Walter Sleivart, and Thomas Shefford, Merchants, in behalf of themselves, and others, Manufacturers of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, is referred.

Tanner's A Bill for veiling the Ellate late of John Tanner Estate. Esquire, deceased, in Trullees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, was read a Second time.

Refulved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

ford, Mr. Lowlher, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Brigfock, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Conyers, Sir Richard Faringlon, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Harris, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Smith, General Hamilton, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Plumptree, Mr. Carnegie, Mr. Carter, Colonel Cage, Sir Tho. Travell, Mr. Cross, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Serjeant Richardfun, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Freman, Mr. Goulston, Lord Lyon, Colonel Fleming, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Worjlcy, Colonel Stephens, Mr. Vyner, Mr. 2 uick, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Cafar, Mr. , Colonel Holmes, Mr. LaugharnSir Pet. Mr.

trley, Mr. Leivis, Mr. and all the Members

Vol. 17.

who serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message From the Lords, by Mr. Fellows and Mr.

Ilolford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Lliud l4X. Land Tax in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen, without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Charlton the Exchange of the Parsonage-house at Charlton in Kent, and close thereto adjoining* irt lieu of another 0U9‘ House and Lands there: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Proprietors of the Tw'o-million Ad- Deficiency venture, for the Year 1711, was presented to the House, "f eer*nn and read; setting forth, That, by the Act for the said lun s* Adventure, it is provided, That in case the Monies arffi-ing by the Funds thereby appointed for Payment of the Principal and Interest-monies of the said Adventure should not, in any One Y'ear, amount to 186,670 that then such Deficiency should be made good out of the First Aid, or Supply, granted by Parliament, after such Deficiency should appear: That, in the Year ending 29th of September 1712, there was, as the Petitioners are informed, a Deficiency of above £.70,000: And praying the same may he made good out of the First Aid, or Supply, to be granted in this Session of Parliament, and be accordingly transferred thereto, or otherwise supplied, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: Aud that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report theiameto the House.

4 L And

1

314 4° — ’5 Mali. A.ij 13.

And it referred to Sir Colonel

Palmer, Mr. LowndesMr. Burslem, Mr.

Mr. Monfton, Mr. CarterMr. Peyton, Mr. Mr- Biigfiock, Mr. Mount ague. Sir James Bateman, Mr. Palmer, Lord Cajllecomber, Mr. Mr. Ferrier,

Mr. Winfanley, Mr. Bracebridge, M r. Mr.

Mr. Ward, Mr. Jenings, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Treby, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr: Hopkins, Sir Edward Ernie, Mr. Laugharne, Mr. Craggs, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Smith, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Letchmerc, Mr. Pitt, Sir Ro. Eden, Mr. Earle, Mr.

Lord Hartey, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Cholmonley, Mr. Cajar, Colonel Byerley, Captain Dyott, Colonel Cage, Mr. Auditor Harley, Sir T/10. Hanmer, Mr. Chclmley, Mr. Hampden, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Rudge, Sir Tho. Hardy, Sir Isaac Reboio, Lord Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Freman, Sir Tho. Poioell, Sir Jof. Jekyll, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Sir Tho. Powys, Sir Pat. Johnjton, Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Currance, Mr. Roioney, Mr. Serjeant Webb, Mr. Ward, Sir John Clerk, Mr. Finch, Sir Richard How, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Poulteney, Colonel Lord

Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Lockhart, Turner, Mr. Campion, the Earl of Hertford, Sir , Mr. Manley,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Wrighljon, Mr. Guibbon, Mn.

Sir Wm. Barker, Mr. Windsor, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Bid feel, Mr. Carnegie, Mr. Tho. Harley, Sir John Cafs, Sir Richard Hoar And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and Leave to fit in a Morning.

Duties on Sir Robert Davers, according to Order, presented to French the House a Bill to suspend, for Two Months, the Du-

1Des' ties of Twenty-five Pounds per Tun on French Wines

imported: And the same was received; and read the First time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellera for the Ytas, } >5>

Tellers for the Noes, { } 118*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Now,| } ,l8-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Royal Assent A Message from her Majesty, by Sir William Oldes,

to a Bill. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers, to attend her Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That he had, with the House, attended her Majesty, in the House of Peers; and humbly presented to her Majesty the Bill, intituleJ, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen; which her Majesty was pleased to accept, and to give the Royal assent to.

The Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Rejoiced, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee the

15

whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis> 5* die.;

1

ii*Annas, Regie 1713.

Pray k.rsv

AN ingrossed Bjll for confirming several Grants, in Earj0f Fee farm, made by Henry Earl of Thomond, by Thomond* virtue of or since the Passing of an Act, of the Firil Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable the Karl of Thomond to make Leases for Three Lives, with Covenants for Renewal for ever, and Grants, in Fee-farm, of the Lands and Hereditaments in Ireland, comprised itthis Marriage Settlement; and for giving some Ease and Relief to the Purchasers under the said former Act, in the Particulars therein mentioned; was read- the Third time.

Resolved!, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming several Grants, in Fee-farm, made by Henry Earl of Thomond, by virtue of, or since, the Palling a former Act of Parliament; and for giving some Eufe and Relief to the Purchasers under, or since, the said former Act.

Ordered, That Sir William Wyndham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee who are appointed to Expiring consider what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and which of them are fit to be revived and continued; have Leave to fit in a Morning.

An Order of the Day being read;

A Bill for making Inclosures of some Part of the Poor Vicar-Common Grounds in the West Riding of the County at*s*n of York, for the endowing poor Vicarages and Chapel-"ries, for the better Support of their Ministers, was read a Second time’.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Jtaj.

*^JU$£* 1 5»-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Mr. Cook, Colonel Byerley, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Onfiow, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Laugharn, Sir Robert Davers, Lord Caflecomber, Mr. Ferrier, Sir Tho. Lee,

Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr. Sir Richard

Onslow, Mr. Lampton, Mr. Brigfoc Mr. Mr.

Conyers, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Freman,

Colonel Lee, Mr. Serjeant Pratt, Sir Tho. Powys, Mr.

Rowney, Mr. Gwyn, General Stanhope, Mr. Sharp, Mr.

Ctefar, Mr. Pitt, Sir Geo.Beaumont, Mr. Goulston, Sir

Arlh. Key, Mr. Campion, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Eversfeld, Mr. Lutivich, Mr. Palmer,

Colonel Cage, Sir John Mordaunt, Captain,

Mr. Curzon, Mr. Pyt/s, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Guibbon, Sir Wyndham,

Mr. Quick, Mr. Jeff of, Mr. Mcdlycot, Mr. Clarke, Mr.

Bulled, Mr. WrightJ'on, Mr. Sh ac Mr.

Lord Harley, Sir Wm. Whitelocke, Sir Tho. Powell, Sir

Wm. Lewin, Mr. Moor, Sir Gilbert Mr. Brom-

ley, Colonel Palmer, Sir John SloneMr. Aldworth, Sir Tho. Hanmer; and a!l that 1‘erve for the County of York: Aud they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

ReJ'olved, That an humble Address be presented to her Barrier Majesty, That lhe will be pleased to give Directions, Treaty with

That UollMd-

r

ia Ann. jV-iiT Mali.

3 IS

Committees.

Committees.

Elections in Scotland.

Earl of KaneJagh's Eft ate.

That the new Treaty, made.between her Majesty and the States General of the United concerning

the Succession of the Crown of Britain, and the

Barrier of the States General; and also the Instructions and Orders given to Iter Majesty’s Plenipotentiaries for transacting the said Treaty; may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said, Addrefe be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourpfid ti|J Tonmprtoif Mprnipg, Niive of the Clock

~ . H ,r - r r — — t ----- - T. — - — '

Mercuriiy 6° Ma, H;

i z< Anno® Reginae, 1713.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A Public for taking, examining, and stating, the Publick Accounts Aceouo<*-of the Kingdom; and to continue the A 6tfor appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Transport-service, and Sick and Wounded; without any Amendment.

And then the Meffehgers withdrew.

Au ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Charlton for the Exchange of the Parsonage-house at Charlton Parsonage in Kent, and Close thereto adjoining, in lieu of another house* House and Lands there, was read the First time.

Refolded, That, the Bill be read a Second time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

RcfoLved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Wav*»nd ning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

P* ATE US.

QRDERE D, That all Committees be revived-

Mr. Lock kart presented to the House, accprdipgto Order, a Bill for the better regulating the Elections Members to servein Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: Aud the forpe w»S received.

A Petition of the Lady Katharine Jones, Daughter and Administratrix of Richard Earl of de-

ceased, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the said late Earl executed the Office of Pay -master General of her Majesty’s Forces for many Years; and received many Sums of Imprest-money for that.Service, for which he hath accounted to the End of the Year 1701; at the Foot of which Account there is a Debt due to the Crown, occasioned by the Auditors disallowing several Payments, for want of regular Vouchers: That the Account of the said pari, from 1701 to the End of 1702, when he quitted his Employment, is yet depending: That, since the Earl’s Death, the Barons of the Exchequer have ordered Writs of Diem claufit extremum to be ill'ued against the said Earl’s Estate: That by this means the Earl’s Estate will become insufficient to pay either the said Debt to the Crown, or other Persons: And praying, That a Bill may be brought in for vesting the said Earl’s Estate at Chelfeaand Cranborne, in the Counties

of Middlesex and Berks, in Trustees, to be sold, towards Satisfaction of the said Debt, if any stich shall appear on the Earl's final Account; and to be further relieved.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Gilbert Dolben, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Auditor of the Imprefts do lay before this House, an Account of the Earl of Debt to the Crown, at tl»e Foot of his last Account that has been passed.

Refolded, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That file will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House an Account, how much of the Thirty-five millions Three hundred Two thousand One hundred and Seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence, of the Money granted by Parliament, and ifl'ued for the Publick Service to mas 1710; which was humbly represented to her Majesty, by this House, in the Eirft Session of this Parliament, to remaju unaccounted for; has been since accounted for; by whom, and when; and what Obft.ru6i.ions have arisen in accounting for the fame; and also the like Account of the Supplies fiyec granted by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s mofl honourable Privy Council.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebar and Mr. Dormer:

Vo i. 17-

Revived, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Ferrier presented to the House, according to African Order, a Bill for establishing the Trade to Free Trade,

and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects of Britain,

and the Plantations.

And the Bill was road the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

Ordered, That the till be read 3. Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

A Motion being rjnade, and the Question put. That Duties on the Bill to suspend, for Two Months, the Duties of ^[5ncl* Twenty-five pounds per Tun, on French Wines im- ines* ported, be now read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas gp forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was refqjve4 it

The Bill was accordingly read a Secpnd time.

And q Debate arising upon the Commitment of the Bill;....

I Sir John Hinde Cotton,

\ Mr. Wriglitfon:

t Sir Cha. Turner,

Mr. Shuttleworth 1 th,e Affirmative.

1

122.

97-

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Debate be adjourned;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, £ j£; } *«9-

Tellers for the Noes| t } 2"

So it passed in the Negative.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the fhbscribed, Merchants in the City of Ditto. London, of behalf of them selves, and others trading to Spain and Portugal, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trade to and Por-

tugal hath always been beneficial to tjiis Kingdom, by taking off'great Quantities of Fish, Corn, Leather, and all forts of Woollen Manufactures: That the French Trade hath been a Prejudice to the JCingdoip: That if the Duty on French Wines be no more than on Spanish or Portugal Wines, it will be next to a Prohibition of the latter: Tfoft if Spanish and Portugal Wines are not imported, the Ships that carry Fish to those Places will be pbliged to come home dead-freighted; which wilj discourage the Fish Trade, and prejudice Navigation; and the King of Portugal will, in all probability, lay a

Prohibition

Public

Accounts.

SailCloth

Manufacture.

Pswell's Right of trad*.

Elections in Scotland.

Fines on Lands hi Wales.

Soldiers, Ac. may exercise Trades.

316 6° — 7® Mail, A 1713.

Prohibition against our Cloth: And praying. That if any Alteration be made in the Duty on French Wines, the Wines from Spain and Portugal may not exceed Two-thirds of such Duties; and that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counfei, and have reasonable Time to dispose of their Wines in Possession, and now coming home.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ConGderation of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard, before the Committee, by their Counfei, if they think Gt.

Ordered, That Mr. Cor ranee have Leave to make a Motion; it being after Two of the Clock.

And he moved accordingly, that Doctor late one of the Commissioners for the Sick and Wounded, may attend this House, in relation to the Matter ordered to be taken into ConGderation Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Doctor Plumptree do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Smithson, Mr. Mr. Eden,

be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Wm. Smith, senior, Walter Stewart and Thomas Shefford, Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and other Manufacturers of Sail Cloth in Great is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Smithson, Mr. Lambton, Captain Chapman, Mr. Retida, Mr. Cleveland, Mr.

Mr. Levingston, Mr. Ash, be added to the Committee,

to whom the Petition t>f John Powell, of Merchant, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

J, 7* die Maii;

i a* Ann® Regime, 1713.

Praters.

SIR Robert Eden reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Chapelry of a distinct Parish was re-committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout ;* and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

General Hill, from the Board of Ordnance, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, an Estimate of the Charge in the Office of her Majesty’s Ordnance, for the Year 1713, for Land Service:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge in the Office of her Majesty’s Ordnance, for the Year 1713, for Land Service.

The Pay of the Officers, fife, of the Train in Flanders, from the id of April to the 23d of £. s. d. June 1713- - - 2,928 16 —

The Charge of bringing home the Stores - - 500 ——

The Ordinary of the Office; comprising Salaries, Rents, Repairs of Storehouses, Barracks,

Plat-forms, Carriages, Stores for Garisons, and other incident Charges - - 28,273 *3 9

For 200 Tons of Saltpetre, for Supply of the Stores ----- -- 10,600 ——

The Charge of an Engineer and Storekeeper at Jamaica, from the ill of April to the 30th of September 1713 - 228 5 —

The yearly Charge of an Engineer at New York - 18210 —

The Charge of the Officers, He. of the Train in Spain, from the ill of April to the 30th of September 1713 - -- -- - 5,220 1 6

The yearly Charge of the Officers, He. at Port Mahon - - - -4.544 5 —

The yearly Charge of the Officers, He. at Gibraltar - - - - 7-3,631 15 —

The yearly Charge of an Engineer, Bombardiers, Gunners, and Matrofles, at Annapolis Royal 2,162 12

The Charge of Stores for Placentia - -- - 5,473 10 11

The yearly Charge of an Engineer, Storekeeper, Gunners, He. for - 1,076 15 —

The yearly Charge of Officers, Bombardiers, Gunners, He. belonging to the Artillery in North Britain - - - -- - 1,475 18 9

For carrying on the FortiGcations in North Britain - 4,946 7 1

£. 71,244 10 6

J. Hill, Wm. Bridges, -

C. MtiJgrave, D. Windsor, Newd, Oufley.

Ordered, That the said Estimate be referred to the ConGderation of the Committee of the whole House, who are to conGder farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Bill for the better regulating the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Cox presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more easy compounding of Fines, and Poll Fines, to helevied of Lands in the Principality of Wales: And the same wa^received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Sir Wm. Wyndham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable such Officers and Soldiers as have been in her Majesty’s Service during the late War to exercise Trades; and for Officers to account

with their Soldiers; and the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That an humble Address he presented to her Majesty, That lhe will be pleased to give Directions, That the'Treaty made with Portugal, for taking off the Prohibition of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom there, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into farther ConGderation the Reports from the Commissioners for taking, examining, and dating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and from the Commissioners for taking, examining, and determining, the Debts due to the Army, TransportService, and Sick and Wounded;

Mr. Shippen, from the said Commissioners, presented to the House the Depofttion of Mr. Robert,

proving, That William Churchill Esquire, when One of

the

Stockto*

Chapel.

Ordauce

KlUnule*

Treaty witi Portugal

Public Accounts. Conduct of

Mr. Church'1

12 Ann.

7* Mail

the Commissioners for Tick and toooonded Seamen. rfe-served Half the Profit arising on the Contracts made between the said Commissioners and the Deponent: And,

The Deposition of Mr. John Pearce, proving William Churchill Esquire, when one of the Commissioners for sick and wounded Seamen, to be a Sharer in the Profit arising on the Contrails between the Commissioners and the Deponent: And,

A Letter from Mr. John Pearce to the Commissioners, relating to his Deposition, dated February thei8th, 1712; and brought in by Mr. John , Maixh the 7th, 1712:

And they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Robert Mitchel, Merchant, being sworn, depofeth,

That, he did receive 384. lor. 0 upon a Bill, made out by the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded, dated the 12th of March 1704., and assigned for Payment 27th

April 1706, for transporting Prisoners of War, between the 21 June 1704, and the 3d of following:

That William Churchill Esquire, One of the said Commissioners, recommended this Deponent to the rest of the Commissioners, as a proper Person to make this Contract: That, on making the said Contract, the said Mr. Churchill did agree with this Deponent to reserve Half the Profit for himself, or some other Person; but whether, this Deponent cannot say: That Mr. John Churchill Brother to the said William Churchill, tendered a Bond to this Deponent, to be accountable to him for Half the Profit so reserved, which he refused to sign; but looks upon himself, however, to be accountable for it: That he did employ Captain Robert Masters in some of the Voyages mentioned in the said Bill.

Rob. Michel.

9th February 17-J y.

Jurat* coram

William Shippen, Tho.

Hen Bertie, H. Campion,

Fr.Annejlty, Winninglott.

Mr. John Pearce, being sworn, depofeth. That he contracted with the Commissioners for Sick and Wonnded, for transporting Prisoners of War, in February 170^, or thereabouts: That he has continued to carry on that Service to this time: That, when he first entered upon this Contraft, he agreed with William Churchill Esquire, One of the said Commissioners, that he should be a Sharer in the Profit and Loss arising from the same: That Two thousand Pounds was borrowed to carry on this Service, for which he and Mr. Churchill are bound: That this Deponent advanced to the said Mr. Churchill about Two hundred Pounds, which he intended as Part of his Share of the Profit, on this Account, if there appeared to be any, when the Money for Prisoners was remitted to this Deponent from France: But the Accounts are not yet made up.

John Pearce.

5th February 174-f.

Jurat coram.

Tito. Lifter, Wm. Shippen,

S. Winnington, Fr. Anncjley,

H. Campion.

Mr. Pearces Letter.

That, when 1 entered on the IVansport Business, it was entirely my tfwn Right, and under ito Obligation of Partnership; the French making then good Payment, enabled me to carry on the Service without being obliged to any Person for Money; but after some Years they entirely put a Stop to their Payments, and I found the Service wanted more Money to carry it on* than I was able to raise; I having agreed for is. 6d. for which others bad always Ten Shillings, I was forced to apply to my Brother for Assistance, who brought me firit in; and voluntarily promised to reimburse him by the Profits of the said Service, if any such should be, of otherwise, for his Kindness and Assistance in this Affair: And I, having formerly made use of his Money, when I was under him as Deputy Treasurer of the Ordnance, and at that time being incapable of repaying him, designed to reimburse him in this manner; and the mentioned in my Affidavit, tho’ intended by me as Part of such Money as should arise from the said Service, I never acquainted him with; there being great Sums dufe from France on that Account; and the State of the Profit or Loss could not pofliWy be made till the Remittances be procured, and the Debts owing on that Head are paid off.

I am.

Honourable Gentlertien,

Your most obedient, and flfoft February the t8th, faithful, humble Servant,

1712. John Pearci.

And Mr. Mitchel was called in; and examined at the Bar.

And afterwards withdrew.

Doctor Plumptree was also called in j and examined*

And afterwards withdrew.

And Mr. Churchill was heard in his Place.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, Nem. con. That for any Commissioner, or other Person intruded by her Majesty in making Contracts for Publick Services, to be a Partner in suchCon-tract, or to reserve a Share for any other Person, is an high Breach of Trull, and a notorious Corruption.

The House being moved, That One of the Exceptions in the Act, of the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Queen’s most gracious, general, and free Pardon, relating to Publick Money, might be read;

The same was read accordingly.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes-go forth.

TeUOTfor,h.Ye4|f/=W 1

TeMer.forth.No\

So it passed in the Negative.

Rejoiced, Nem. con. That the Fact with which William Churchill Esquire Hands charged in the Report of the Commissioners for taking, examining, and Hating, the Publick Accounts of the Kiugdota, being committed before the late Act for the Queen’s moH gracious general and free Pardon, this House will proceed no farther in that Matter.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into farther Confederation upon Saturday Morning next.

Honourable Gentlemen,

When I attended you under a Surprize, mid shocked by myWeakness, 1 know not whether I was rightly understood in my Expressions: Therefore, on recollecting, as well as I can, what I then signed, beg Leave to explain myself on some of the Questions your Honours were pleased to ask me; viz. Whether any Person was concerned with me in the Service of tFansporting Prisoners ? And in what Year I made my Contract? To which I answered plainly, and desire to be understood, Voi. 17.

Ordered, That all Committees who are appointed to fit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till To-raofrbw Morning, Nine of the Clock.

4 M

Public Accounts — Conduct of Mr. Churchill.

Commiltetsj

8*-

9° Mali. A. 1713.

Loft

Lottery

Tickets*

Peter’s

Estate.

Douglas

Navigation.

AaCwer to Addresses.*

Veneris, 8° die Maii;

12* Anns Regime, 1713.

Praters.

A PETITION of Jof of Doctors Commons, London, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, inO&oferlaft, loft, out of bisScrutoir, Two Clafs Lottery Tickets, in the last Lottery, N* 13,125, 13,126; of which Lose the Petitioner gave publick Notice: That lie is the foie Proprietor of the said Tickets; and is willing to give Security to the Government against any other Claimant: And praying Relief in the Premises. Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Creditors of Robert Peter Citizen and Girdler, of London, on behalf of them selves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Robert Peter having contrail ed

large Debts, on account of clothing several Regiments, and Monies borrowed. Hands indebted to the Petitioners for the fame: That there is an Extent issued against the said Robert Peter, for a Debt due to the Crown, he having been her Majesty’s Receiver General for the Land Tax, in the County of Hertford, and, as such, not liable to the Laws against Bankrupts: And praying. That the said Peter, and all other Persons, concealing the Overplus of his Estate, after the Crown is satisfied, may be obliged to surrender and deliver the fame, to the Use of his Creditors, unto such Persons as shall be legally appointed for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Withers, Mr. Heysham, and Mr. Freman, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for making the River Douglas, alias AJland, navigable, from the River Rible, into

which it runs, up the said River AJland, and Douglas, to a Place called Wild Mill, in the County of was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making the River , alias AJland,

navigable from the River Rible, into which it runs, up the said River AJland, and Douglas, to a Place called Wild Mill, in the County of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Shuttleworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That their Addresses having been presented to her Majesty, That the would be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the new Treaty made between her Majesty and the States General of the United Provinces, concerning the Succession of the Crown of Great Britain, and concerning the Barrier of the States General; and the Instructions and Orders given to her Majesty’s PIenipotentiaries, for transacting the said Treaty; and an Account, how much of the' Thirty-five millions Three hundred two thousand One hundred and Seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and ' Nine Pence, of the Money granted by Parliament, and HTued, for the Publick Service, to Christmas 1710; which was humbly represented to her Majesty, by this House, the First Session of this Parliament, to remain unac-counted for; ha6 been since accounted for; by whom, and when; and what Obstructions have arisen in accounting for the fame; and the like Account of the Supplies since granted by Parliament; and also the Treaty with Portugal, for taking off the Prohibition of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom; her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions, That the said Treaties, Instructions, Orders, and Accounts, shall be laid before this House.

to the farthermost Part of Endfield, adjoining to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford: And the same was received.

The Order, of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of all her Majesty’s Land Forces, with the Charge thereof, for Six Months, from the 2id of December 1712 to the 23d Day of June 1713, both inclusive, according to their present Establishment, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House willpleafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatt, 90 die

12* Anna Regina, 1713.

Praters.

A BILL for repairing the Highways from London to the farthermost Part of Endfield, adjoining to the Parish of Chtjhunt, in the County of Hertford, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bingham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for divesting the Crown of the Remainder, in Fee-simple, of and in the Manor and Advowson of Stourton, in the County of Wilts; and several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the same Manor belonging, expectant on certain Estates Tail; and for veiling the feme in certain other Persons therein named, to the Intent the same may be barred by proper Methods in Law, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And the , same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Richard Vyvyan reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Trustees to fell feme Out-parts of the Estate of S i r Bourelder IVrey Baronet, in the County of Devon, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee , had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read them in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and ’ then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Endfield Mr. Goulftonpresented to the House, according to Mr. Conyers, according to Older, reported from the R*»d*. Order, a Bill for repairing the Highways from London Committee of the whole House, who were to consider

farther

Supply.

Endfield

Hoads.

Stourton

Manor.

Wiey’s

Estate.

Supply.

i2 Ann.

9° Mali.

farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the said Refo-iution was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Refulved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred thirty-six thousand Eight hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to her Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Land Forces in her Majesty’s Service, for Six Months, from the 2ad Day of December 1712 to the 23d Day of June 1713, both inclusive, according to their present Establishment, and for reducing their Numbers. t

The laid Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred thirty-six thousand Eight hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to her Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Land Forces in her Majesty’s Service, for SixMonths, from the 22d Day o {Decemb 1712 to the 23d Day of June, 1713, both inclusive, according to their present Establishment; and for reducing their Numbers.

Lady Brown- Mr. North reported from the Committee, to whom the

low’* EAate. Bill for confirming Articles, and veiling the Manor of Kirby Underwood, in the County of Lincoln, and other Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, thereby agreed to be sold, in Trustees, for raising Monies to discharge the Debts of Sir John deceased,

and his Daughters Portions, and other Purposes in the said Articles mentioned, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read them in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Trade* -A Petition of the Royal African Company of England,

8 ' who by the Encouragement of an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, are now united with all their Creditors, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trade to Africa is not to be gained, or preferred, without Forts and Callles: That the Company have, at several times, raised a flock of above £. 400,000, and borrowed near 300,000 more to build those Forts and Callles: That they claim a legal Right in the Forts and Lands in Africa, under a Grant from the Crown; and hope, if their Property is denied, they shall have the like Tryal at Law as any other Subject is entitled to, to defend his Freehold: That the Bill now in the House, intituled, a Bill for establishing the Trade to Africa free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects of Great Britain, tends to the utter Destruction of their Rights and Properties: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, before the Second Reading thereof.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

MetTagf from Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the the Queen — Floufe, That he had a Message from her Majesty, signed Peace at ° by her: And he presented the same to the House: And h ired]t. ice. the fume was read by Mr. Speaker; and is as followeth;

A NNE R.

AS it is the undoubted Prerogative of the Crown to make Peace and War, I have ratified the Treaties of Peace and Commerce with France, which had been signed by my Order; and have concluded a Treaty with Vox.. 17.

Spain, which will be signed at Utrecht as soon as the Treaties of Spanish M millers are arrived there. (

I determined, from the first, on this extraordinary Oc- ec c cation, to communicate these Treaties to my Parliament; and have therefore now ordered them to be laid before this House.

And Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, porfuant to the said Message, by her Majesty’s Command, several Treaties, with a List of them; viz.

Copy of a Treaty of Peace and Friendthip between Great Britain and France:

Copy of a Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France:

Copy of an Act declaring the Particulars referred, by the gth Article of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France, to the Dif-cuffion of Commissioners:

Copy of an Act, explaining the general Terms of the qth Article of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France, relating to the Four Species excepted out of the Tariff of 1664:

Copy of a Treaty of Peace and Friendship between Great Britain and Spain:

And Translations of the several Treaties and Acts above mentioned:

And the Translations of the said Treaties were read; and are as follow; viz.

Translation of a Treaty of Peace and Friendship between Great Britain and France.

WHEREAS it has pleased Almighty God, for the Glory of his Name, and for the universal Welfare, so to direct the Minds of Kings, for the healing now in his own time the Miseriesof the desolate World, That they are disposed towards one another with a mutual Desire of making Peace; Be it therefore known to all and singular whom it may concern, That, under this divine Guidance, themoll Sereneand modPotentPrincefsand L&dy, Anne, by the Grace of God, Queen of Great Britain, France, and Ireland; and the most Serene and moll Potent Princo

and Lord Lewis the XIVth, by the Grace of God, the moll Christian King; consulting as well the Advantage of their Subjects, as providing, as far as mortal Things will admit oh for the perpetualTranquillity of the whole Christian World; have resolved, at last, to put an End to the War which was unhappily kindled, and has been obstinately carried on above these Ten Years, being both cruel and destructive, by reason of the Frequency of Battles, and the Effusion of Christian Blood; And, for promoting this their Royal Purpose, of their own proper Motion, and from that paternal Care which they delight to use towards their own Subjects, and the Publick Weal of Chrijiendom, have nominated and appointed the most noble, illustrious, and excellent, Lords, their Royal Majesties respective Embassadors Extraordinary and Plenipotentiaries; viz.Her Sacred Royal Majesty of Great Britain, the Right Reverend John, by divine Permission, Bishop of Bristol, Keeper of the Privy Seal of England, One of her Royal Majesty’s Privy Council, Dean of Wind-for, and Regiiler of the most noble Order of the Garter; as also the most Noble, Illustrious, and Excellent, Lord, Thomas, Earl of Strafford, Viscount Wentworth, of Went-toorthfVoedhouse and Stainborough, Baron of Raby, One of her Royal Majesty’s Privy Council, her Atnbaffador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the High and Mighty ' Lords the States General of the United Netherlands, Colonel of her Majesty’s Regiment of Dragoons, Lieutenant General of her Majesty’s Armies, First Lord Comraiffioner of the Adm i ral ty of Great Britain an and

Knight of the most noble Order of the Garter; and his Royal mostChristian Majesty, the most Noble, Illustrious, and Excellent Lords, Nicholas Marquis of,

Martha! of France, Knight of the King's Orders, and Lieutenant General of the Dukedom of Burgundy; and Nicholas Mefnager, Knight of the King’s Order of St. Michel; and hath furnished the said Ambassadors Extraordinary with full and ample Power to treat, agree of.

Kj

Treaties of Peace at litrechtj&e.

3*0

and conclude, a firm and lofting Peace between their

Royal Majesties:

Wherefore the aforesaid Ambassadors, after divers and important Consultations bad in the Congress held at tltrecht for that Purpose, baying at length overcome, without the Intervention of any Mediator, all thfe Obstacles which hindered the End of So wholsome a Design; and having invoked the Divine Affiiiance, That God would be pleased to preserve this their Work intire and in violated, and to prolong it to the latest Posterity; after having mutually coromuuicated, and duly exchanged, their full Powers; Copies whereof are inserted, Word for Word, at the End of this lostrument; they hare agreed on the reciprocal Conditions of Peace and Friendship between their above-mentiooed Majesties, and their People and Subjects as follows;

I.

That there be an universal perpetual Peace, and a true and sincere Friendship, between the most Serene and most Potent Princess Anne, Queen of Great and the most Serene and most Potent Prince Lewis the XIVth, the most Christian King, and their Heirs and Successors; as also the Kingdoms, States, and Subjects of both, as well without as within Europeand that the same l»e so sincerely and inviolably preserved and cultivated, That thcone do promotethelnterell, Honour, and Advantage, of the other; and that a faithful Neighbourhood on all Sides, and a secure Cultivating of Peace and Friendship, do daily flourish again, and increase.

II.

That all Enmities, Hodilities, Discords, and Wars, between the said Queen of Great , and the said

mod Chridian King, and their Subjects; doceafe, and be abolished; so that, on both Sides, they do wholly refrain and defid from all Plundering, Depredation, Harmdoing, Injuries, and Annoyance, whatsoever as well by Land as by Sea, and Fresh-waters, in all Parts of the World; and chiefly through all Tracts, Dominions, and Places of what Kind soever, of the Kingdoms, Countries, and Territories, of either Side.

III.

AH Offences, Injuries, Harms, and Damages, which the aforesaid Queen of Great and her Subjects,

or the aforesaid most Chridian King, and his Subjects, have differed, the one from the other, during this War, shall be buried in Oblivion; so that neither on Account, or under Pretence, thereof, or of any other thing, shall hereafter the Subjects of either do or give, cause, or suffer to be done or given, to the other, any Hodility, Enmity, Moledation, or Hindrance, by themselves, or by others, secretly or openly, directly or indirectly, under colour of Right, or by way of Fafr.

IV.

Furthermore, for adding a greater Strength to the Peace, which is redored, and to the faithful Friendship, which is never to be violated; and for cutting off all Occasions of Didrud, which might at any timeanfe from the established Right and Order of the Hereditary Succession to the Crown of Great Britain, and the Limitation thereof by the Laws of Great Britain, made and enacted in the Reigns of the late King William the Third, of glorious Memory, and of the present Queen, to the Offspring of the abovesaid Queen, and, in Default thereof, to themodSerene PrincessSopAia Dowager of BrunswickHanover, and her Heirs in the Protedant

Line of Hanover :That therefore the said Succession may

remain safe and secure, the most Christian King sincerely and solemnly acknowledges the abovesaid Limitation of the Succession to the Kingdom of Great Britain; and on the Faith and Word of a King, on the Pledge of his own and his Successors Honour, he does declare and engage, that he accepts and approves the fame, and that his Heirs and Successors do and shall accept and approve the same for ever: And, under the same Obligation of the Word and Honour of a King, the most Chridian

>7

1713.

King promises, that ho one befkles the Queen herself* and her Successors according to the Series of the said Limitation, thall ever by him, or by his Heirs or Successors, be acknowleged or accounted to be King or Queen of Great Britain: And for adding more ample Gredit to the said Acknowlegment and Promises, the most Christian King does engage, that whereas the Person who in the Lifetime of the late King James the Second did take upon him the Title of Prince of Wales, and since hisDeceafe that of King of Great Britain, is lately gone, of his own Accord, out of the Kingdom of , to reside in some other Place, he the aforesaid most Chris? tian King, his Heirs and Successors, will take all possible £are, that he shall not at any time hereafter, or under any Pretence whatsoever, return into the Kingdom of France, or any the Dominions thereof.

V.

Moreover, the most Chridian King promises, as well in his own Name as in that of his Heirs and Successors, that they will at no time whatever disturb, or give any Molestation to, the Queen of Great Britain, her Heirs and Successors, defeended from the aforesaid Protestant Line, who possess the Crown of Great Britain, and the Dominions belonging the reunto; neither will the aforesaid most Chridian King',or any One of his.Heirs, give, at any lime, any Aid, Succour, Favour, or Counsel, directljr or indirectly, by Land, or by Sea, in Money, Arms, Ammunition, warlikeProvision, Ships, Soldiery, Seaman, or any other way, to any Person or Persons, whofpever they be, who for any Cause or under any Pretext, whatsoever, should hereafter endeavour, to oppol'e the said Succession, either by open War, or by fomenting Seditions, and forming Conspiracies, agaiud such Prince or Princes who are iq Possession of the Throne of Great Britain, by virtue of the A6is of Parliament afore-mentioned, or agaiud that Prince or Princess to whom the Succession of the Crown of Great Britain shall be open, according to the said Acts of Parliament.

VI.

Whereas the most dedrtiftive Flame of War, which is to beextinguished by thisPeace, arose chiefly from hence. That the Sucurities and Liberties of Europe could by no means bear the Union of the Kingdoms of France and Spain, uuderOne and the same King: And whereas it has at length been brought to pass, by the Assistance of the Divine Power, that, at the most earned Indances of her Sacred Royal Majesty of Great , and with the Consent both of the most Chridian, and of the Catholick. King, this Evil should, in all times to come, be prevented by means of Renunciations drawn in the most effectual Form, and performed in the most solemn manner: The Tenor whereof is as follows:

Letters Patents by the King, which admit the Renunciation of the King of Spain to the Crown of France; and those of Mr. the Duke of , and of Mr. the Duke of Orleans, to the Crown of Spain.

LEWIS, by the Grace of God, King of France and Navarre, To all People present and to come, greeting: During the various Resolutions of a War, wherein we have fought only to maintain the Indice of the Rights of the King our most dear and most beloved Grandson, to the Monarchy of Spain, we have never ceased to desire Peace; the greated Succefies did not at all dazzle us, and the contrary Events, which the Hand of God made use of to try us, rather than to destroy u<^ did not give Birth to that Desire in us, but found it there; but the time marked out by Divine Providence for the Repose of Europe was not yet come: The distant Fear of seeing, one Day, our Crown and that of Spain, upon the Head of one and the same Prince did always make an equal Impression on the Powers which were united against us; and this Fear, which had been the principal Cause of the War, feemedalfo to lay an inlii-perabla Obstacle in the Way to Peace: At lad, after many

fruitletV

9* Mail.

i Or Ann. 9° Mail. 321

fruidefs Negotiations, God, being moved with the Sufferings and Groans of so many People, was pleased to open a surer Way to come at lb difficult a Peace: But, the same Alarms Hill subsisting, the First and principal Condition which was proposed to us by our most dear, and most beloved Sider, the Queen of Great , as

the essential and necessary Foundation of treating, was. That the King of Spain, our said Brother and Grandson, keeping the Monarchy of Spain, and of the Indies, Chon Id renounce, for himself, and his Defendants for ever, the Rights which his Birth might at any time give him, and them, to our Crown; that, on the other Hand, our most dear and most beloved Grandson the Duke of Berry, and our most dear and most beloved Nephew the-Duke of Orleans, should likewise renounce, for them* fe!ves, and for their Defendants, Male and Female for ever, their Rights to the Monarchy of Spain and the in* dies: Our said Sider caused it to be represented to us, That, without a formal and positive Assurance upon this point, which alone could be the Bond of Peace, Europe would never be at rest; all the Powers which share the same being equally persuaded, that it was for their general Intered, and for their common Security, to continue a War, whereof no one could foresee the End, rather than to be exposed to behold the same Prince become one Day Mader of Two Monarchies, so powerful as those ©£ France and Spain: But as this Prince Ik, whose indefatigable Zeal for re-establishing the general Tranquillity we cannot sufficiently praise, was sensible of all the Reluctancy we had to consent, that One of our Children, so worthy to inherit the Succedion of our Forefathers, should necessarily be excluded from it; if the Misfortunes wherewith it has pleased God to afflict us in our Family should moreover take from us, in the Person of the Dauphin, our most dear and most beloved Great Grandson, the only Remainder of those Princes, which cur Kingdom has so justly lamented with us; lhe entered into our Pain; and, after having jointly fought out gentle Means of securing the Peace, we agreed with our laid Siller to propose to the King of Spain other Dominions, inferior indeed to those which he possesses; yet the Value thereof would so much the more increase under his Reign, inasmuch as in that same he would j»reserve his Rights, and annex to our Crown a Part of the said Dominions, if he came one time or other to iucceed us: We employed, therefore, the dronged Rea-foBS to persuade him to accept this Alternative: We gave him to under and. That the Duty of his Birth was the First which he ought to confnlt; That he owed him-fols tp his House, and to his Country, before he was obliged to Spain; That, if he were wanting to his First Engagements, he would perhaps, one Day, in vain regret his having abandoned those Rights which he would be no more able to maintain: We added to these Rea* suns the personal Motives of Friendship, and of tender Love, which we thought likely to move him; the Pleasure we should have in seeing him from time to time sear us, and in passing forae Part of our Days with him, which we might promise ourselves from the Neighbourhood ol’the Dominions that were offered him; the Sa-tisfii&iou of instructing him ourselves concerning the State of our Affairs, and of relying upon him for the future; so (hat, if God should preserve to us the Dauphin, we could give our Kingdom, in the Person of the King onr Brother and Grandson, a Regent instructed in the Art of Government: And that if this Child, so precious to us, and to our Subjects, were also taken from us, we should at lead have the Consolation of leaving to our People a virtuous King, fit to govern them, and who would likewise annex to pur Crown very considerable Dominions: Our Indances, reiterated with all the Force, and with all the tender Affection, necessary to persuade a Son, who so justly deserves those Efforts which we made for preferring him to France, produced nothing but reiterated Refusals, on his Part, ever to abandon such brave and faithful Subjects; whose Zeal for him had been distingnished in those Conjunctures when his Throne seemed to he most shaken: So that, Vo*.. J7.

persisting, with an invincible firmness, in his First Treaties of Resolution; asserting likewise, it was more glorious, and more advantageous for our House, and for our Kingdom, than that which we pressed him to take; he declared, in the Meeting of the States of the Kingdom of Spain, assembled at Madrid for that Purpose, That, for obtaining a general Peace, and securing the Tranquillity of Europe by a Balance of Power, he, of his own proper Motion, of his own free Will, and without any Coudraint, renounced, for himself, for his Heirs, and Successors, for ever and ever, all Pretensions, Rights, and Titles, which he, or any of his Descendants, have at pre-. sent, or may have, at any time to come, whatsoever, to the Succession of our Crown: That he held for excluded therefrom, himself, his Children, Heirs, and Descendants, for ever: That he consented, for himself, and for them, that now, as well as then, his Right, and that of his Descendants, should pass over, and be transferred, to him among the Princes whom the Law of Succession, and the Order of Birth, calls or shall call, to inherit our Crown, in Default of our said Brother and Grandson the King of Spain, and of his Descendauts; as it is more amply specified in the Act of Renunciation, approved by the.

States of his Kingdom; and, consequently, he declared,

That hedeiifted particularly from the Right which hath been added to that of his Birth by our Letters Patents, of the Month of December 1700; whereby we declared

That it was our Will, that the King of Spain, and his Descendants, should always preserve the Rights of their Birth and Original, in the same Manner as if they reside4 actually in our Kingdom; and from the Registry which was made of our said Letters Patents, both in our Court of Parliament, and in our Chamber of Accounts at Paris: We are sensible, as King, and as Father, how much it were to be desired, that the general Peace could have been concluded without a Renunciation which makes so great a Change in our Royal House, and in the ancient Order of succeeding to our Crown; but wq are yet more sensible how much it is our Duty to secure speedily to our Subjects a Peace, which is so necessary for them: We shall never forget the efforts which they made for us during the long Continuance of a War, which we could not have supported, if their Zeal had not been much more extensive than their Power: The Welfare of a People so faithful is to ns a supreme Law, which ought to be preferred to any other Consideration:

It is to this Law that we this Day sacrifice the Right of a Grandson, who is so dear to us; and, by the Price which the general Peace will cod our tender Love, we shall at lead have the Comfort of /hewing our Subjects, that, even at the Expence of our Blood, they will always keep the first Place in our Heart: For these Causes, and other Considerations us thereunto moving, after having seen in our Council the said Act of Renunciation of the King of Spain, our said Brother and Grandson, of the 5th of November' lad j as also the Acts of Renunciation which our said Grandson the Duke of Berry, and our said Nephew the Duke of Orleans, made reciprocally of their Right to the Crown of;

as well for themselves, as for their Descendants, Male and Female, in consequenqe of the Renunciation of our said Brother and Grandson the King of; the Whole hereunto annexed, with a Copy collated of the said Letters Patents, of the Month of December 1700, under the Counter-seal of our Chancery; of ourfpecial Grace, full Power, and Royal Authority, we have declared, decreed, and ordained, and by these Presents, signed with our Hand, we do declare, decree, and ordain, we will, and it is our Pleasure, That the said Act of Renunciation of our said Brother and Grandson the King of Sjuzin, and those of our said Grandson the Duke of Berry, and of our said Nephew the Duke of Orleans, which we have admitted, and do admit, be registered in all our Courts of Parliament, and Chambers of our Accounts, iu our Kingdom, and other Places where it shall be necessary, in order to their being executed, according to their Form and Tenor: And, consequently, we will and intend. That our said Letters 4 N Patents,

Treaties of Peace at Lt.ecat, &c.

322 9° Mali. d. 1713,

Patents, of the Month of December 1700,. be and remain null, and as if they had never been made; that they be brought back to 11s; and that in the Margin of the Registers of our fit id Court of Parliament, and of our find Chambers of Accounts, where thelnrolment of the said Letters Patents is, the Extract of these Prelents be placed and inserted, the better to ligoify our Intention, as to the Revocation and Nullity of the said Letters: We will, That, in Conformity to the said Act of Renunciation of our said Brother and Grandson the King of 'Spain, be be from henceforth looked upon and eonfi-dered as excluded form onr Succession; that his Heirs, Successors, and Descendants, be likewise excluded for ever, and looked upon as incapable of enjoying the lame: We understand, 'I'hat, in Failure of them, all Rights to our said Crown, and Succession to our Dominions, which might at any time belong and appertain to them, be and remain transferred to our most dear and most beloved Grandson the Duke of , and to his Children and Defendants, being Males, born in lawful Marriage; and, successively, in Failure of them, to those of the Princes of our Royal House, and their Defendants, who, in Right of their Birth, or by the Order established finee the Foundation of our Monarchy, ought to succeed to our Crown. Aud so we command our beloved and trusty Counsellors, the Members of our Court of Parliament at that they do cause

these Presents, together with the A6is of Renunciation made by. our said Brother and Grandson the King of Spain; by our said Grandson the Duke of; and by our said Nephew the Duke of; to be read,

published, and registered, and the Contents thereof to be kept, observed, and executed, according to their Form and Tenor, fully, peaceably, and perpetually; pc aiing, and causing to cease, all Molestalions and Hindrances; notwithstanding any Law, Statutes, Usages, Customs, Decrees, Regulations, and other Matters contrary hereunto; where to, and to the Derogations of the Derogations therein contained, we have derogated, and do derogate, by these Presents, for this Purpose only, and without being brought into Precedent: For such is our Pleasure. And, to the end that this may be a Matter firm and lading for ever, we have caused our Seal to be affixed to these Presents. Given at Ver-Jailles, in the Month of March, in the Year of our Lord 1713, and of our Reign the 70th. Signed,; and underneath, By the King, Ph

and sealed with the Great Seal, in Green Wax, with Strings of Red and Green Silk.

Read and published, the Court being assembled; and registered amongst the Rolls of the Court; the King’s Attorney General being heard, and moving for the fame, to the end that they may be executed according to their Form and Tenor, in pursuar.ee of, and in conformity to, the Acts of this Day. At Paris, in Parliament, the , 15th of March 1713.

Signed,

The KING.

WMERfeAS, on the 5th of November, in this prerent Year, 1712, before Don Mann ell and

liij'co, my Secretary of State, and Chief Notary of the Kingdoms of Cajiilenrul Lionand Witnesses, I delivered, swore to, and signed, a publick Instrument of the Tenor following, which is Word lor Word, as here enfucs;

Don Philipp, by the Grace of God, King of Cajlile, Lion, Arragon, the Two Sic Navarre,

Granada, Toledo, Valentia, Galicia, Majorca, Seville, Sardinia, Cord aha, Corsica, Murjia, Jean, the

Algezira, Gibraltar, the Canary the East and

IVijt Indies, the Blands and of the Ocean;

Archduke of Avjlria, Duke of Burgundy, Brabant, and

Milan; Count of Hab/purg, Plunders, Tirol, and Barcelona; Lord of Biscay and Molina, &c. by the Account and Information of this Instrument and Writing

of Renunciation and Relinquishment; and that it may cetuain for a perpetual Remembrance; I do make

known, and declare, to Kings, Princes, Potentates, Commonwealths, Communities, and particular Persons, which.now are, and shall be in future Ages, That it being one of the principal Positions of the Treaties of Peace depending between the Crowns of Spain, and of France, with that of England, for rendering it firm and lading, and proceeding to a General one, on the Maxim of securing, for ever, the universal Good and Quiet of Europe, by an equal Weight of Power; so that many being united in one, the Balance of the Equality desired might not turn to the Advantage of one, and the Danger and Hazard of the rest; it was proposed, and infilled on by England, and it was agreed to' on my Part, and on that of the King my Grandfather, That for avoiding, at any time whatever, the Union of thisMonarchy with that of France, and the Possibility that it might happen in any Case, reciprocal Renunciations should be made by me, and for all my Descendants, to the Possibility of succeeding to the Monarchy of France; and on the Part of those Princes, and of all their Race, present and to come, to that of succeeding to this Monarchy; by forming a proper Project of Abdication of all Rights which might be claimed by the Two Royal Houses of this, and of that, Monarchy, as to their succeeding, mutually, to each other; by separating, by the legal Means of my Renunciation, my Branch from the Royal Stem of France; and all the Branches of France, from the Stem of the Blood Royal of Spain; by taking care at the same time, in pursuance of the fundamental and perpetual Maxim, of the Balance of Power in Europe: That as this persuades, and juflifles, the avoiding, in all Cases imaginable, the Union of the Monarchy of France with that of Spain; the Inconvenience should likewise be provided against, that would be, if, in Default of my Issue, the same should happen, that this Monarchy should devolve again to the House of Aiifiria; whose Dominions and Dependencies, even without the Union of the Empire, would make it forrtiidable; a Motive, which, at other times, made it justifiable to separate the hereditary Dominions.of the House of Attfiria from the Body of the SpanijhMonarchy: It being agreed and

settled to this End, by England, with me, and with the King my Grandfather, That in Failure of me, and of my Issue, the Duke of Savoy, and his Sons and Descendants, being Males, born in constant lawful Matrimony, are to enter upon the Succession of this Monarchy; a,nd in Default of his, Male Line, the Prince Amadeo of Carignan, and his Sons and Defendants, being Males, born in constant lawful Marriage; and in Default of his Line, Prince Thomas, Brother of the Princeof Carignan, his Sons and Defendants, being Males, born in constant lawful Marriage; who, asDe-feendants of the Infanta Donna Catherina, Daughter of Phillip the Second, and being expressly called, have a clear and known Right; suppoflngtbe Friendship, and perpetual Alliance, with the Duke and his De-

fendants; are to solicit and obtain from this Crown; it being to be believed, that, by this perpetual and never-ceasing Hope, the Needle of the Balance may be held invariable; wherewith all the Powers, wearied with the Toil and Uncertainty of Battles, are amicably kept in an equal Poise; it not remaining in the Disposal of any of the Parties to alter this federal Equilibrium, by way of any Contract of Renunciation or Retroceflion; since the same Reason which induced its being admitted, demonstrates its Permanency; a fundamental Constitution being formed, which may settle, by an unalterable Law, the Succession of what is to come: In consequence of what is abovesaid, and for the Love I bear to the Spaniards, and from the Knowledge I have of what I owe to them, and the repeated Experience of their-Fidelity, and for making a Return to Divine Providence, by this Resignation to its Destiny, for the great Bene.it of having placed and maintained me on the Throne, among such illustrious and well deserving Vassals; I have determined to abdicate, for myself and all Defendants, the Right of succeeding to the Crown of;

desiring

Goc [e

i a Ann. 9°

3*3'

deGring not to idepart from, living and dying with, my beloved and faithful Spaniards; leaving to all my De-fceudants the inseparable Bond of their Fidelity and Love: And, to the end that this Refulution may have its due Effect, and that the Matter may cease which has been looked upon as one of the principal Motives of the War which has hitherto aftlifted Europe-, of my own Motion, free, spontaneous, and unconstrained Will,

I, Don Philipp, by the Grace of God, King of Leon, Aragon, the Two Sicilies, Navarre,

Granada, Toledo, Valeniia, Galicia, Majorca, Seville, Sardinia, Corduba, Corsica, M, Jean, the Algezira, Gibraltar, the Canary the East and

H ejt Indies, the Blands and of the Ocean;

Archduke of Aujiria, Duke of Burgundy, Brabant, and

Milan-, Count of llabfpurg, Flanders, Tirol, and Barcelona-, Lord of Bij'c a and Molina, Ac.; do, by this pre-

sect liiftrninent, for myself, for my Heirs and Successors, renounce, quit, and relinquish, for ever and ever, alt Pretensions, Rights, and Titles, which 1 have, or any Dei’ceud sat of mine hath at present, or may have at any time to come, to the Succession of the Crown of France: And I declare and hold myself excluded and separated, me, and my Sons, Heirs, and Descendants, for ever, for excluded and disabled, absolutely, and without Limitation, Difft rence, and Distinction, of Per-. forts. Degrees, Sexes, and Times, from the Act and Right ol succeeding to the Crown of France: And I will anti consent, lor ntyself, and my said Descendants, That now, as well as then, it may be taken to be passed ever, and transferred, to him who by mine and their being excluded, disabled, and incapacitated, shall be found next and immediate in Degree to the King by whole Death it shall become vacant; and the-Succession to the said Crown of France is, at any time, and in any Case, to be settled on, and given to, him, to have and to bold the fame, as true and lawful Successor, in the same manner, as if I and my Descendants, had not been born, or been in the World; since for such are we to be held and esteemed; because in mv Person, and in that of my Descendants, there is no Consideration to be bad, or Foundation to be made, of active or pnffive Representation, B ginning, or Continuation, of Lineage, efftftive or contentiveof Substance, Blood, or Quality; jior can the Defcenl, or Computation of Degrees, of those Persons, he derived from the most Christian King, my. Uonl and Grandfather, nor from the Dauphin, my Father, nor from the glorious Kings, their Progenitors; nor by any other Means can they come into the Succession, nor take Possession of the Degree of Proximity, And exclude from it the Person, who, as if abovesaid, shall be found next in Degree: I will and consent for myself and for mj' Descendants, That from this time, as well as then, this Right be looked upon and considered as passed over, and transferred, to the Duke of Berry, my Brother, and to his Sons and Descendants, being Males, born in confiant lawful Marriage; and in Default of his Male Issue, to the Duke of Orleans, my Uncle, and to his Sons and Descendants, being Males, born in confiant lawful Marriage; and in Default of his ltltie, to the Dukeof Bourbon, myCoufin, and to his Sons and Descendants, being Males, born in confiant lawful Marriage; and iu like Manuer, 1‘uCcefiively, to all the Princes of the Blood of Prance, their Sons, and Defceu-lants, being Males, forever and ever, according to the Place and Order in which they shall be called to the Crown, by Right of their Birth; and, consequently, to that Person among the said Princes, who, 1, and all-my said Descendants, being, as abovesaid, excluded, dif-bled, and incapacitated, shall be found the nearest in immediate Degree after that King by whose Death the Vacancy of the Crown of shall happen, and to

whom the Succciiion ought to belong, at any time, and in any case, whatsoever, that he may possess the fame, as true and lawful Successor, in the fume manner as if I, and nay Descendants, bad not been born: And, for the greater Strength of this Act of Abdication of all the Hiothls and Titles which appertained to me, and to all Vox* 17.

my Sons and Descendants, of succeeding to the afore- Treaties of said Crown of France, I depart from, and relinquish. Peace at especially that which might moreover accrue to the Uu«ent, &e, Rights of Birth from the Letters Patents, or Instrument, whereby the King my Grandfather preserved and reserved to me, and enabled me to enjoy, the Right of Succession to the Crown of France: Which rnstrument wasdifpatched at Versailles, in the Month of December

in the Year 1700; and passed, and approved, and registered, by the Parliament: I will.Thatit cannot serve me for a Foundation to the Purposes therein provided for: And I reject and renounce it, and hold it for null, void, and of no Force, and for cancelled, and as if no such Instrument had ever been executed. I promise and oblige myself, on the Faith of a King’s Word; That as much as shall relate to my Part, and that of my Sons and Descendants, which are, and shall be, I will take care of the Observation and Accomplishment of this Writing, without permitting or consenting that any thing be done contrary thereunto, directly or indirectly, in the AVIiole, or in Part: And I relinquish and depart from all and all manner of Remedies, known or unknown, ordinary or extraordinary, and which, by common Right, or special Privilege, might belong to us, to me, and to my Sons, and my Descendants, to reclaim, mention, or allege, against what is abovesaid': And I renounce them all, and especially that of evident Prejudice, enormous, and most enormous, which may be reckoned to have happened in this Relinquishment and Renunciation of the Right of being able at any time to succeed to the Crown aforementioned: I will, That none of the said Remedies, nor others, of whatsoever Name, Use, or Importance and Quality, they may be, do avail us, or can avail us: And if, in Fast, or under any Colour, we should endeavour to seize the said Kingdom, by Force of Arms, by making or moving War, offensive or defensive, from this time for ever, that is to be held, judged, and declared, for an unlawful, unjust, and wrongfully undertaken. War; and for Violence, Invasion, and Usurpation, done against Reason and Confidence; and on the contrary, that is to be judged and esteemed a just, lawful, and allowed, War, which shall be made or moved, in behalf of him, who, by the Exclu-fion of me, and of my said Sons and Descendants, ought to succeed to the said Crown of to whom the

Subjects and Natives thereof are to apply themselves, and to obey him, to do and perform the Oath and Homage of Fealty, and to serve him as their lawful King and Lord: And the Relinquishment and Renunciation, forme, and my said Sons and Descendants, is to be firm, stable, valid, and irrevocable, perpetually, for ever and ever: And I declare and promise, That I have not made, neither will I make, any Protestation or Reclaiming, in public, or in secret, to the contrary, which may hinder or diminish the Force of what is contained in this Writing: And that, if I should make it, although it be sworn to, it is not to be valid; neither can it have any Force.

And, for the greater Strength and Security of what is contained in this Renunciation, and of what is said and promised on my Part therein, I give again the Pledge of my Faith, and Royal Word, and I swear folernnly by the Gospels contained in this Mifl'al, upon which I lay my Right Hand, That I willobserve, maintain; and accomplish, this Act and Instrument of Renunciation, as well for myself, as for all my Successors, Heirs, and Descendants, in all the Clauses therein contained, according to the most natural, and literal, and plain Sense and Con-llruftion; and that I have not fought, neither will I seek, any Dispensation from this Oath; and if it shall be fought for by any particular Person, or shall be granted motu proprio, I will not use it, nor take any Advantage

of it; nay, in such same as that it should be granted me,

I make another the like Oath; that there may always be and remain Owe Oath above and beyond all Dispensations which may be granted me. And I deliver this Writing before the present Secretary, Notary of this my Kingdom: And I have signed it, and commanded it' to be sealed with my ltoyal Seal; there being provided, and called, as Wit tidies, the Cardinal Don FranciJ'co de

Justice

Treatinvf

Peace ut L’txxiht, Lc.

o° Man. 13.

Justice, lutyiifilov General, and Archbishop of Montreal, One of my Council of State; Dun Fernandez of

ViinJ'eo and Tobur, Cou&able of Cajiille, Dube of Frias, Geniletnao of my Chamber, my High Steward of my Hon liebold, Great Cupbearer, and Great Hunifiuan; Don John Claros Alfonzo Fendc cl Bueno,

Duke of Medina Sidonia, Knight of the Order* of tire JJ<dy Gboft, ray Great Matter of the Horse, Gentleman of my Chamber. and one of my Council of State; Don Francisco Andres de Benavides, Count of,

One of <»y Council of State, nud High Steward to the Queen; Don Carlos Homo Dei Lasa de la Vega, Marquis of Almonacir, and Count of Cara Palma, Gentle-

man of my Chamber, one of my Council of State, and Great Mailer of die Horse to tire Queen; Don Reflayno Cant ditto, Duke of Popoti, Knigirt of tire Order of tire Holy Gbotl, Gentleman of my Chamber, and Captain of any Italian Life Guards; Don Fcrnaudoof Aragon and Moucadet, Duke of Mantalto, Marquis of Los Velez, Commander of Silla and Beaus ttl in the Order of Mon-tess, a Gentleman of my Chamber, and One of my Conned of State; Don Antonio Seb de Toledo, Marquis of Mattfera, Gent letnau of my Chamber, One of my Counc il of State, and President of that of Italy; Don Juan Domingo of Haro and Gufman, Great Commander of the Order of St. James, One of my Council of State; l?o« Joachim Ponce de Leon, Duke of Areas, Gentleman of my Chamber, Great Commander in the Order of Ca-ItUraxSt, One of toy Council of State; Don Domingo de Guidice, Duke of Givovenazzo, One of my Council of State; Don Manuel Column, Marquis of Canales, Gen-

tleman of my Cham her, One of my Council of State, and Cep tain General of the Artillery of Don Joseph

de Solis, Duke of Montella ho, One of my Council of State;

Don Rodrigo Manuel Manriquede Lara, Count of

gUUana, Gentleman of my Chamber.One of my Council of State, and President of that of the Indies; Don Jjidj o de la Const, Marquis of Bedmar, Knight of the Order of the Holy droll. Gentleman of my Chamber, One of my Council of State, President of that of the Orders, and Fit ft Minister of War: Don llou-

quillo Bricena , Count of GGovernor of my Council of Cajiilie^ Don Lorenzo Armanguel, Bilbo p of Gircnda, one of my Council and Chamber of and Governor of that of the Revenues; Don Carlos de Borja and Can!diets. Patriarch of the Indies, One of my Council of the Orders, my Chaplain and Great Almoner, and Vicar General of my Armies; Don Martiude man, Marquis of Montealegre, Gentleman of iny Chamber, and Captain of my Guard of Halberdiers; Don Palro de Toledo Sarmien, Count of One of

my Council and Chamber of Cajlille; Don Francisco Rodriguez de Mendarofqueta, Commissary General of the Cruzado; and Doa Melchior de A vcUancda, Marquis of Valdecenas, One of my Council of War, and

Director General of the Infantry of Spain.

I the KING.

I Don Manuel, of Vadilloand Valafco, Knight of the

Order of St. James, and Commander of Poznelo in thait «of Calatravx,'Secretary of State to his Majesty, Publick

Notary, and Writer, of his Kingdoms and Dominions; who was present at the Delivery, and at all the rest herein above contained; do testify the fame: And, in Witness of the Truth, I have signed it, and put my Name thereto. In Madrid, the 5th of November 1712.

Don Manuel dc Vadillo and Velafco.

Now, in regard to the federal Conventions, whereof mention is made in the said Instrument here inserted; and to the end it may appear authentically to all the Parlies where it appertains, and who may pretend to make use of the Contents thereof; und for all the Effects which may take place hi Right, and which may be derived from the Delivery hereof, under the Ckwles Conditions, and Suppolitions, therein contained; I have Commanded -those Presents to be made out, ligned with my Hand,-ami foaled with my Seal of my Royal Arms, ami countcrligned by my underwritten Secretary of

State, and Chief Notary of thefetny Kingdoms. At Btten. lletiro, tire 7 th of November, 1712.

(L.S.) I the KING.

Manuel de Velafco.

Read and published, the Court beingafsembled; and registered in the Rolls of the Court; the King’s Advocate General being heard, and moving for the fame, That it may be executed according to the Form and Tenor thereof in pursuance of, and in Conformity to, the Acts of this Day. At Paris, in Parliament, the 15th of March 1713.

Signed, Dongois.

I, Don Francisco Antonio Knight of the

Order of St. James, One of his Majesty’s Council, and Secretary of that of the Character and the State of CaJUUe, Publick Notary, and Writer, in his Kingdoms, and Dominions, do certify, That in pursuance of the Propofi-tion, which the King our Lord, whom God prefierve, made to the Kingdom, assembled in Cortez, represented by all the Knights, Deputies from die Cities and Towns, which have a Vote therein, the 5U1 Day of this present Month and Year, in his Royal Palace of Buen Retiro; and upon Sight of the Instrument of Renunciation, delivered by his Majesty, the same Day, Month, and Year, before Don Manuel, end Velafco, his

Secretary of State, and Publick Notary, and Writer, in: all his Kingdoms and Dominions; which his Majesty ordered him to present; and which was read and pub* liilied in the Meeting of the Cortez, which the Kingdom, held for this alone, the 9th of this Month; the following Resolution was agreed upon:

That the mail humble Representation be made by the Kingdom, laying ourselves at the Royal Feet of his Majesty, giving him immortal Thanks for the itn-mense Benefits, and exceeding great Favours, wherewith he has been pleased to honour and exalt die Spanish Nation; by taking care of the greatest Good and Advantage of his moll loving Yaffils; by procuring to this Monarchy the Ease of this desired Peace and Tranquillity: And that the Kingdom, desiring, on their Part, to contribute to the attaining the Royal Intention of his Majesty, assents to, and, if it were necessary for the greater Authority, Validity, and Strength, approves and confirms, the Renunciation, which his Majesty is pleased to make for himself, and in the Name of all his Royal Descendants, to the Succession, which possibly may happen, of the Monarchy of France; with this Circumstance, that the like Re-

nunciation to this Crown is to be executed by the Princes of that Royal Family, and their Descendants and likewise die perpetual Exclusion of the House of Austria from die Dominions of this Monarchy: And, in like manner, in case of Failure, which God forbid, of the Royal Issue of his Majesty, the Calling of the House of the Duke of Savoy, and of all his Sons, and Male Descendants, born in Constant lawful Matrimony; and in Default of all these Lines, of the Prince Amadous of Carignan, hisSons, and Male Descendants, born in constant lawful Matrimony; and in Failure thereof, of the Prince Thom, Brother of the said Prince of Carignan, his Sons, and Male Descendants, born in constant lawful Matrimony; who, as Descendants of the Infanta Done a Daughter of

Phillip the Second, and being expressv called, have a clear and known Right; supposing the Friendftiip, and perpetual Alliance, with this Crown, which ought to be fought and obtained, by the Duke of and his

Descendants: And that the Kingdom approves, agrees to, and ratifies, all these Three Things, and each of them, with the same Qualities, Conditions, and Suppe-fitions, as are expressed, inferred, and concluded, in the said Instrument of Renunciation, executed by his Majesty, which has been mentioned, and referred to: And lastly. That, for securing and establishing the Strength of these Treaties, these Kingdoms oblige themselves, with all their Power and Force, to cause to be maintained the Royal Reiplutious of his Majesty sacri-

ficing

12 Ann.

Mail.

m

ficing, in his 'Royal Service, even to the taft Drop of their Blood; offering to his Majesty their Lives arid Fortunes, in Token of their Love; And that, for the eternal Remembrance and Observance of the Royal Deli-

’ beration of his Majesty, and Agreement of the Kingdom, it be desired, in their Name, as in effect they have ' tfefired and petitioned, by their Representation and Con-fultation made the same 9th Day of this Month, his Majesty would be pfeased to order. That, by annulling all that shall be found to the contrary, it be established as a fundamental Law, as well the aforesaid Renuncia-' tions, as the perpetual Exclusion of the*House of from the Dominions of this Crown; and the Calling of that of Savoy to the Succession of these Kingdoms, iu Default, which God forbid, of the Issues of his Majesty; which the Kingdom, with the Approbation of his Majesty, does even now agree ta, as the Foundation whereon depends the greatest Good and Advantage of this Monarchy, so much pursued, favoured, and exalted, by the Royal Benevolence of his Majesty:

And the King our Lord having agreed to this unani-

mous and uniform Resolution and Representation of all the Knights Deputies in the Cortez of the Kingdom; be has been pleased, by his Royal Decree, of the 17th of this Month, to command it to be remitted to his Supreme Council, jointly with the Writing of Renuncia-. tion; ordaining. That the Tenor of the Law be forthwith formed, extended, and composed, with all the Cir-Cumliances of Clearness and Strength, for its more inviolable and perpetual observation.

As all that is above said does more largelyappear from the afore-mentioned Instruments, the Resolution and Supplication of the Kingdom, which are cited, and to which I" refer: And this Certificate, signed with my Hand, sealed with the Seal of the Royal Arms of his Majesty, I give, by virtue of his Royal Order, in the Paper of the Marquis of Mejorada and of la Brena, One of his Council, Gentleman of his Chamber, his Secretary of State, and of the Universal Dispatch. At Madrid f the 19th of November 1712.

(L, S.) Don Franfifco de Qtii/icoccs.

Charles Son of France, Duke of Alenxon and Angoule/me, Viscount of Veand Lord of the Chatelanies of Coignac and To

all Kings, Princes, Commonwealths, Communities, and to all other Bodies, and private Persons, present and to come, be it known: All the Powers of Europe finding themselves almost ruined, on account of the present Wars, which have carried Desolation to the Frontiers, and into many other Parts of thericheft Monarchies, and other Dominions, it has been agreed in the Conferences Knd Treaties of Peace, which are negotiating with Great Britain, to establish an Equilibrium, and political Boundaries, between the Kingdoms, whereof the Interests have been, and are Hill, the fad Occasion of a bloody Dispute;-and to hold it for a fundamental Maxim, in order topreserve this Peace, that Provision ought to be pnade, that the Forces of these Kingdoms may not become formidable, nor (be able to cause any Jealously; which, it has been thought, cannot be settled more solidly, than by hindering them from extending themselves; and by keeping a certain Proportion; to the end that the Weaker, being united together, may defend themselves against the more Powerful, and support themselves respectively against their Equals.

For this Purpose, the King our moll honoured Lord and Grandfather, and the King of Spain, our most dear Brother, have agreed and concluded with the Queen of Great Britain, That reciprocal Renunciations shall be

made by all the Princes, both present and to come, of the Crown of France, and of that of Spain, of all Right*, which may appertain to each of them, to the Succession of the one or of the other Kingdom, by establishing an habitual Right to the Succession of the Crown of Spain in that Line which shall be made capable thereof, and declared immediate after that of the Vth,

Vol. 17.

oUr Brother, by ttie Eliates of*Spain, who were lo afiem- Tre»tierof ble for this Purpose, by making an immovable Balance Peace at to maintain the Equilibrium which is intended to be Utrcekt, placed in Europe', and by going on to particularize all the Cafes of Union which are foreseen, to serve as an Example for all such as may happen: It has likewise beeri agreed and concluded between the King our most honoured Lord and Grandfather, King Philip the Vth, our Brother, and the Queen of Great That the said

King Philip shall renounce, for himself, and for all his Defendants, the Hopes of succeeding to the Crown of France-, that, on our Side, we shall renounce; in like manner, for us, and for our Defendants, the Crown of Spain; that the Duke of Orleans, our most dear Uncle* shall do the same thing j so that all the Lines of France, and of Spain, respectively and relatively, shall be excluded for ever, and by all kind of Ways, from all the Right which the Lines of France might have to the Crown of

Spain, and the Lines of Spain to the Crown of France j and, lastly, That Care shall be taken, that, under Pretence of the said Renunciations, or under any other Pretence whatsoever, the House of Atiftria may not make ufd of the Pretentions which it might have to the Succession of the Monarchy of Spain : Forasmuch as, by uniting this Monarchy to the Hereditary Countries and Dominions of that House, it would become formidable, even without the Union of the Empire, to the other Powers which are between both; and which would find themselves, as it were, surrounded; which would destroy the Equality that is establishing at present to secure, and strengthen, more perfectly, the Peace of Christendom; and to take away all manner of Jealously from the Powers of the North, and of the West* which is the End that is proposed by this political Equilibrium, by removing and excluding all these Branches, and calling to the

Crown of Spain, in Default of the Lines of King Philip the Vth our Brother, and of all his Children and Defendants, the House of the Duk^of Savoy, which defeends from the Infanta Catharina, Daughter of Philip the Second; it having been considered that in making the said House of Savoy succeed immediately in this manner, this Equality and Balance between the Three Powers may be fixed, as it were, in its Centre; without which it would be impossible to extinguish the Flame of War, which has been kindled, and is capable of destroying every thing.

Being willing, therefore, to concur by our Relinquishment, and by the Abdication of all our Rights, for us, our Successors and Defendants, to the Establishing of the universal Repose, and the securing the Peace of;

because we believe. That this Method is the surest, and most effectual, in the terrible Circumftauce of this Conjuncture; we have resolved to renounce the Hopes of succeeding to the Crown of Spain, and all the Rights thereunto belonging to us, and may belong to us, under any Title, and by any Means, whatsoever: And to the end this Resolution may have its full Effect; and also by reason that King Philip the Vth, our Brother did, on his Part, the 5th of this present Month of make his Renunciation of the Crown of; we of

our mere, free, and frank, Will, and without being moved thereunto by any respeCiful Awe, or by any other*

Regard, except those above-mentioned, do declare, and hold ourselves, from this present, we, our Children and Defendants, excluded and disabled, absolutely, for ever, without Limitation or DistinAion of Persons, Degrees, or Sexes, from every A A, and from all Right of succeeding to the Crown of Spain: We will and consent, for us, our said Children and Defendants, That from this time, and for ever, we and they, in consequence of these Presents, be held to be excluded, and disabled, in like manner as all the other Descendants of the House of Austria, who, as it has been said and supposed, ought also to be excluded, in whatever Degree we may be, hoth the one and the other; and, if the Succession falls to us, our Line, that of all our Defendants, and all the others of the House of Austria, as it has been said, ought

4O t#

tfMaii.1713.

-Aosbc it paroled »ijd.cxduAA.4harefrpm, Ttet^fprdh'S jRaafon, UieKing dam ©fSpainbQaccou&ted^itfvdyed ‘ ..and traiMferrjed.tQ;bim,tQJ»rboin, in; fu<;Ii Qpfer.so % Sw> icoffion.ipugkt to devolve^and;be transferred,..at,;aay 1 time whatfevpr;..ft).sch»t0we>do,.take, and hddhhpn for , rueaod iavifuiSncceflor, because, for foo; fauterReafops wd(JdotiyesKand in confcque.nce ef these’ Pre^nts, nei-dber jwe, jaor our Pefepdants,©oght ,»ny, more to.fce

vCQnfidecadiaa^Uaving any Foundation of Representation.

pr. pafijye; or.jmakin^nnyiCpatinuatjpi^of tape, <teCfe&i.ve pr oonjentiyepf Substance, Jllpod, opjQ>qaUty, .-JM like, wife tQideriveanyi Right from ©uri Descent, prLto . reckon, Qun Degrees, from. the Persons, of the,.Queen sMarja lEbereJ,a. oLAitflrk, slur, most, lw)noured| Lady-and

'Grandmother« ©fitho.Queen ^ria,©mimRft

- J«Wftur«d JUady- ajvd< Great Gtandmptjber i.pr.of foqgfo-.irious icings their Ancoftors 1 Qn the oefttsary^weratiify 1 the U.ajdfes of their 1 ^Y.iUs»attd‘ the Reouppiat,i©ps made: by. UteCaidi Ladies our GraoUnwtJwr.and ^neat Prapd--jwqtber: ilYe.ren.ppuce, Jike.wif,» the Right whitd».«\ay . Wloqg to ps* a«d tp pun Gbjldrenjwd. UefoqqffiMUs, by ^virtue, of t[ie WjH.ofvKjflg;Clmk*tl.»e.$ecft«d: w.bfh,

mIwith&andingjnrbat is abqve-mefltio-oed, qgy s-ps. so the .§WCPe(TK¥i of thetCrftW.n,of Spaw,}p fxi£,pfcF&ilpnel#f the Pine QhPhilip the-.Vth tJW.ettenefore, r©)i© quilLUm ,-Right and renmuwe, the fame, for,«s,tfl*mQbjldren.and Jpefecpdaats: (We.proipifeiiodPhgAgef&r.pa, jour £dfd Ghi}drpp.pndjP.ef<Je«danfs, it© je»ploy/QUnfelvp?,»vitih =#*| ©,yr*M>gbt»in eawfing thispr«fe»t A&tchbe.foifiUed, without allowing orfifderipg, U>ah the sfiuaAbo/^ioiated, .4jre£tty(or indirectly, in foe Whple. pr in Part: And A*e, relipqpidi.alliMoans.Drdkwiy. ©c extra© rdi©©ry, wtooh

iby, comprpp.:Right, or, any speoiahBriviletge, might be-:|ppfitoys, por, Child cen^ndPefoepdantSi which <Mqaos jme Ijkeivife, tenw.oce absolutely;.and, particularly, that (jpf evident,;enormous, , and ,m©ft ^enormous Prejudice, -WhicknWibe, found ip, the Caid R^winciation, of the fSpcpediPn,tp th.e<.Cmvvn of Spain And we jwjll, That JJpnc. of 'foe vAtid Means.may,. or. can, ihavo any lEffett.; i§Wl»U)at.if/«oder this Pretext,.or, any ©therColouruve .^uVl.ppQefs.Qu^Cetie&ofitbe said Kingdom by Fprce.of A"PS.. Hie ‘>Yar, whiph.we should mike, or for up, he (deemed, njyu/l,nnlawfpl,.and wndulywdectakon; and, i^P 4be.e.optrary, That the War,;wiu«b<heibftuld.make .’RQP qs.who^by ^virtue pfdiisi^euunciatioojfhould have

to focceed-ip ithfoCcown tfSpain, be deemed just and allftW'fkWe ;, and that.alltbe Subjects,.andiPeqple.of Spp'm, dp aokoowdedgediimvcdiey him, defend bun, do iHm;Mon»age,.and sweanEealty to him, as to their King Rbd iUaiful Lord: And, for the greater Security of ail foat We/qy and pconufe for ou rselves, and in the Name of pur Children wiwl Oefcendants, vre fvicarjiipIeinDly, of litP GplpdscPOtftined in this Missal, upon which wetay PUr R.iglft d^and, fTdwt wesviU keqp, maintain, and ifub fihitbf ihWAe, in aH and every Part thereof; that we wiH never ftflt tp he relieved from the same; and, if any one <!p asti At for n$, or if it be granted us mot.u propria, we u ijl ppt make, wfe or take Advantage of it; but rather, VP pase it,<bPU.ld he granted to ns, we over and above make* this other Oath; and this shall subsist and cetnaia *Pf PyPf, BifpenCutions may be granted to us:

We C'y«M,'8Ddpr(omife, likewise. That wetqivcnot made, either yydl.we oaake, ip ,publick, or in feeret, any Pro-lk/ja5Wn, pr Reclamation, to the contrary, which may bipjer ,what is contained in these Presents, or leften *hP J'ooce thereof j and if we should make any, whatever iQaths they may he accompanial with, they shall qpt Raye Why Force or V irtue, or produce any Eflfect. l& Witness w hereof, and to reader these Presents au-they have been passed before Makers Akxan* dpr it. PrVTAy and Anthony lc Maine, Councillors to the Kins. x^oJariqs, Wiuuhe-heepens to his Majesty, and % i+l-lffiepecsih tbje Chainlet of Barit, hereunder writr tOU. who bays wholly delivered this present ASt -. And, for ca, uhog lljefc Prints tobepublimad and registered, where eytst it flutlj be neepflbry, my Lord the Duke of

21

jias. CQnstitutecl the Bearers of these Dispatches, .,by Duplicates; thereof; his general and special Attor-.TUjes; to whom ,my said. Lord has j by these said Presents,

_;giycn speqial Power and Authority, in that behalf, ,at . Jlfprly, the,24th Day of Novem, 17x2, before Noopj ^and.hastfignqd |Jie.prefect, Duplicate, and (another;.and -iihe;&f jfHft6 thereof.rpmpuflpg in the Hands of the Xaid Notary. Signed, Charles.

Le. Btvrf, . Lc Moine.

, We Jerqme d’Argqvgcs, Knight, Councillor, to the /.Kjqg in his, Councils, Honorary Master of the Requests pfvhis.Hpudiqld, Civil, Lieutenant, of the City, Provoii-dthip^pd VUcqunty, of Baris, do certify to all, to whom . jt-may appertain, (That Master Alexander Le Fevre, and . Aatjiovy £a Moine,:who have signed the Act on the other (3ide, tare. Councillors to the King, Notaries, Minute-.Jieepers to his Majesty* , and Sealrkeepers, at-the Chate-Jetof Paris', ,ap4 that Faith is to be given, as wellin Judgment as out of it, to the Acts. received by them: Ip ivjtness whereof, ,»re have signed these Presents;

1 qaufed t Ire same to be countersigned by our Secretary,

and flie Seal, of our Arms to be affixed. At Paruytha Movepiber:i 712.

Signed, D'Argovges.

By my said.Lord,

Barbqy.

-JleAd:and published, the Courtfitting; and registered in the ttolls of the Court; the Kij)g’s Attorufigr General being heard, and moving for the fapao; ,jn. order to its being executed according to its , Forpi and Tenor, in Pursuance of, and in Confor-fPiity to, the A fits of this Day. At PxzrA.iuPar-lament, the .15th of Marcji 1,7113.

Signed, Dongois.

Philip, Grandson of iFrance^Duke otOrleans; i/o?V, Chartres, and Nemours: To all Kings, Princes,’Com--monwealths, Potentates, Communities, and to all Per-dbns, as well present as to come, we make ‘known, by these Presents, That the Fear ef’the Union of -the Crowns-of France and Spain having been the principal (Motive of the present War; and the other'Powers of Europe having always apprehended, left these Twj> *Crowns should oome upon One‘Head; it has'been laid down-as the-Foundation efthe-Peace, which is treated of at present; and which ’tis hoped may be cemented, more and more, for the Repefe of such a Number ttf Coimtriee, which have sacrificed themselves, as so many V-i6tims, to opposetheDangers wherewish they thoqght themselves threatened; that it was necessary to establish a kind of Eqnality and Equilibrium between the Princea who were in Dispute; and to separate for ever, in an irrevocable Manner, the Rights which they pretend to have, and which they defended, Sword in Hand, with a reciprocal Slaughter on each Side:

That with Intent to establish this Equalityythe Queen of Great Britain proposed, and, upon her Instances, it has been agreed by the King, our most honoured Lord and Unde, and by the Cathdick King, our most dear Nephew, That, for avoiding, at any time whatsoever, the Union of the Crowns of France and ^o«m,reciprocal Renunciations should be made; that is to say, by the Cathdick King Philip the Vth, our Nephew, for hinxfetC and for all his Defendants, of the Succession to the Crown of France-, as also by Monsieur the Duke of

Berry} our most dear Nephew, and by us, for ourselves, and for all our Defendants, of the Crown of Spain', oh Condition likewise, That neither the House of Austria, nor any of the Defendants thereof, shall be able to succeed to the Crown of Spain; because this House itfel^ without the Union of the Empire, would become formidable, if it added a new Power to its ancient Dominions; and, consequently, this Equilibrium, which is designed to be established for the Good of all the Princes and States of Europe, would cease: Now it is certain, that, without this Equilibrium, either the States suffer from

taAWtf- 96 Mali. 5/rl

♦he’W^g'ht 'bftJieir owri Gfeatness; or Envy engages <theip Neighbours to make Alliances to attack them,*and *to tedufce them to-fuel* a'Point* that these great Powers tmay nripire 'lefsFear,' and may not aspire to an urii-iverialMonafchy.

Fbr attaining the End Which'is ptopofetl, and byreafota itbat-his Catholiek Majesty has, bn his Part, made his Renttnciation, the ^th of this present Month, weconsent, iThat.Hi Failure of Philip the Vth, our Nephew, arid of dns.Descendants, the Crown o do pass over to the Hotifoof the Duke oi'Savoy, Wliofe Rights are clear and iknown; < inafnuich as he delcends frdm the Infant Ca-/to, Daughter of Philipp the Second; and as he is ceded fey the other Kitigshis Successors; so that his Right-to1 the Succession Of Spain is indisputable.

lAndiwe.dftiring, on our Side, to concbrwith theglo-friousvEnd whiehis-proposed for re-establishing the Pub-dick Tr*Blq«illity, and1 fori preventing the Fears Tvhich ’the'Rights of our Birth, or all others, which might appertain to ns.might occasion, haverftblved to make thisrRelinqurthment, this Abdication, arid'this Renun-tMtioHyrif-all bar Rights, for ourselves.and in the Name of-tilPour Successots and-Descendarits: And, for the Ac-Complishing of this Kesolution, which We have taken of oormere,1 free, and frank, Will, we declare, and hold o#pfelvos from this present, us, oar Children, and De-fcetaidants, fr>r excluded ariddi fabled, absolufely, and for ever, and without Limitation, or Drftinriion, of Persons, of Degvees, of Sexes, from every Act, and from all Right, offtieeaeditig-to the'Crown of: We will and content,'for Us*and our.Descendants/Thnt from this time, and for ever, webe held, weaiui orirs, fur excluded, disabled, pud kieep&citated, m Whatever Degree we may happen to be,<abdin what manner soever the Succession may foll'tt>«ur<Lihe, and to all others, whether of the House ofl/fcriiovorof that of Austria, and of all the Defend-

ants, foot h -of the one und the other House, which, as it iti'said abdsupposed, ought'likewise to hold themselves for-'COt off, and excluded: And that for‘this llealbn, the Succession to the said Crbwn df-A’pom'be deemed to be devolved and tmnsferited to him to whom1 the Succession of Ajuefo oDgbtrtohetratfBferred'in suchCnfe, and at any tjrtp twhatsoever-; forihatwe do take and hold him for tnae and 'lawful Successor; bechrife neither we nor'OUr J)elbeadarits ought rinyrriotetobeconfiddred as having any ff«umdatiofn of Rupreferttation, active or passive, or soaking a<Jootinuationdfu-Lirie, efleftive or oowtentive qffonbftanae, 'Blood, or Quality; nor ought we to derive awyRightfrom oUrDefdtnt, or reckon the Degrees from Queen Avme of Avjlria, our nidll honoured Lady and G*artihaother,’nbr{tomtbe gloriousKings her Attoeftors: Qnfbecoirtpcry, we’rntify the Renunciation which the Ibid.Lady Qriefen Amcinado, and all tive'Ctooffes which the Kings Philip the Third, and Philip the Fourth* inferred m their Wriis: Wfe rtinbuuce, m like manner, all die Right which may appertain to us, and to orir Children and Descendants, by virtue of the Declaration, mode ait Madrid, the 29th of 1703, by Philip

the Vthj King of Spain, our Nephew; arid any Right which might appertain to us, for us, and our Defendants, we rdiwpaiflitlie fame, and renounce it, for Bis, and for diem r We promise and engage, for tis, otir said Children and Defendants, present and to Chine, to employ ourselves, with all onr Might, in-causing these Preterits to be observed and fulfilled, Without allowing or /offering, that, directly or indineftly, the foriie be violated, whether in the Whole, or rft Part; and relinquish all Means, ordinary or exti rioridiriary, Which; by corambn Right, or any special Privilege, might appertain to us, our Children arid lJkifcbridarits; Which Means we renounce absolutely; and, in particular, that of evident, enormous, and twill eriOrrtiotlS Prisjridifce, whrobmay be found in the Renunciation of the SriC-oebion to the said Crown of Spain: Arid we will* Tllrit any of the said Means neither tnay, nor Catl ferVC inf-avail os: And if, under this Pretext, or drriy bthfef GolOrif whatever, we would possess ourfelveb of the said Kingdom of Spain by Foice of Arms, that the Wat tfhifeb Voi.,17.

We-should make,'or frir up.^e’Held forririjuft,' ririlawful, and unduly undertaken: And that, on the contrary, -that which he flibuldriiake upon us, who, by virtue of this Renunciation, should have Right to fuCceed to the -Crown of Spam, be held for just arid allowable; arid rthat all the Subjects, arid People, of Spain, do acknow-.lege hirii, obey him, defend him, do Homage to him, and take the Oath of Fealty to him, as to their King, and lawful Lord:

And, for the greater Assurance and Security of all that we say and promise for us, and in the Name of bur Suc--cessors and Delceridants, we swearfolemnly on the Holy -Gospels contained in this Missal, whereon we lay our Right Hand, That we will keep, maintain, and fulfil, the farne wholly and entirely; and that We will at no time afle to have ourselves relieved therefrom; arid if ririy Person aflts it, or if it is granted us motu ‘we will not make use or avail ourselves thereof; but rite ther, in case it should be granted us, we make another "Oath, That this shall subsist and remain for ever, what ‘Dispensation soever may be granted ns: We further /wear and promise. That we have not made, neither will we make, either in publick, or in fecrei, any Protestati'bh or Reclamation to the contrary, which may hinder that which is contained in these Presents, or lessen the Forcfe thereof; and if we should make any, what Oath soever they may be attended with, they shall not have either Force or Virtue, or produce any Effect: And, for greater Security, We have passed, and do pass, the present Aftpf -Renunciation, Abdication, and ReIinquifl)ment,|beforfe Matter Anthony le Moine'and Alexander le Fevre, Couri-Cillors to the King, Notaries, Minute-keepers, arid Sdal* keepej s.at the Chatelet of Paris, hereunder-written,'Ih dur Palace Royal, at Paris, 1712, the 19th of November, before Noon: And, for causing these Presents to beiri-sinuated and registered in every Place where it shall apr pertaih, we have constituted the Bearer to be our Attot* hey: And we have signed these Presents, and th‘p Minute thereof remaining in the Pofiession of the Ibid.LeFevre, Notary. of

Le Moine, Le Fevre.

Jeromed'Argonges, Knight, Lord of Fleury, Coufi-dillor to the King in his Councils, Honorary Mailer b!f the Requests of his Houshold, Civil Lieutenarit of the City, Provostship, arid Viscounty of do certify, td all to whbm it shall appertain. That Mailer Anthony u Moine, and Alexander le Fevre, who have flirted the Act of Renunciation on the other Side, are Councillor to the King, Notaries of the Chatelet of Paris; and that Faith ought to be yielded, as well in Judgment k'i btft of the fame, to the Acts by them received: Ifi Witness Whereof, we have signed these Presents; caused the same to b‘e countersigned by our Secretary, and She Seal of our Arms to be affixed. At Paris, the 21st bf November 1714.

Signed, D'Argouges.

By my said Lord,

Barbey.

Read and published, the Corirt being assembled; and registered in the Rules of the Court; the King’s Attorney General being heard, and requiring the the fame; that it may be executed according to its Form and Tenor, in pursuance of, and in conformity to, the Acts of this Day. At Paris, in Parliametit* the 15 th of March 17x3.

Signed, Dongots.

The King’s Letters Patents of the Month of December 1700.

LEWIS, by the Grace of God, King of France and Navarte: To all present and to come, greeting: Thb Prdlperities which it has plerifed God to heap upon uS during the Course of our Reign, are so many Motives to us to apply ourselves, not only for the tirti£ present, but also for the future, to the Happiness and Trafl^uillity of the People, whereof Divide Providericif

has

Treaties «/ Pea$e at Utrecht,

Tr* atirt uf Peace at Utrerlit, Set.

328 9* Ma

has intruded to us the Government: His impenetrable Judgments let us only fee, That we ought not to place our Confidence, neither in our Forces, nor in the Extent of our Dominions, nor in a numerous Posterity; and that these Advantages, which we receive from his Goodness alone, have no other Solidity than what it pleases him to give tiiem: But as it is, however, his Will, That the Kings whom he chooses to lead his People should foresee, afar, the Events able to produce Disorders, and the most bloody Wars; that they should make use of the Lights which his Divine Wisdom pours upon them; we fulfil hisDesigns, when, in the Middle of the univer-fal Rejoicings of our Kingdom, we look upon, as a possible Thing, a fad Futurity; which we pray God to avert for ever: At the same time that we accept the Will of the late King of Spain, That our most dear and most beloved Son, the Dauphin, renounces his lawful Rights to that Crown, in Favour of his Second Son the Duke of Anjou, our most dear and most beloved Graudson, insti-tuted by the late King of Spain his universal Heir: That

this Prince, known at present by the Name of Philip the Vth, King of Spain, is ready to enter his Kingdom, and

to answerthe earned Willies of his new Subjects: This great Event does not hinder us from carrying our Views beyond the time present; and, when our Succession appears bed edahlished, we judge it to be, equally, the Duty of a King, and of a Father, to declare, for the future, ourWill conformably to the Sentiments which these Two Qualities inspire in us: Wherefore, being persuaded, that the King of Spain, our Grandson, will always preserve for us, for our House, for the Kingdom wherein he is born, the same Tenderness, and the same Seutiments, whereof he has given us so many Proofs, that his Example uniting his new Subjects to ours, is going to form a perpetual Amity, and the most perfect Correspondence between them; we should think, likewise. That we do him an Injudice, whereof we are incapable, and occasion an irreparable Prejudice to our Kingdom, if we should hereafter look upon, as a Stranger, a Prince, whom we grant to the unanimous Requests of the Nation:

For these Causes, and other great Confederations as hereunto moving, of our special Grace, full Power, and Royal Authority, we have resolved, declared, and ordained, and by these Presents, signed with our Hand, we do resolve, declare and ordain; we will, and it is ourPJeafure; That our most dear and most beloved Grandson, the King of Spain, do preserve, for ever, the Rights of his Birth, in the same manner, as ifhe made his actual Residence in our Kingdom: Wherefore, our most dear and most beloved only Son, the Dauphin, being the true and lawful Successor and Heir of our Crown, audof our Dominions; and, after him, our most dearand most beloved Grandson, the Duke of; if it

should happen (which God forbid) that our ibid Grandson the Duke of Burgundy should come to die without Male Children; or that those which he should have in good and lawful Marriage should die before him, or if the said Male Children should not leave any Male Children after them in lawful Marriage; in such same our said Grandson the King oi'Spain, making’use of the Rights of his Birth, is to be the true and lawful Successor to our Crown, and to our Dominions; notwithstanding he should be at that time absent, and residing out of our said Kingdom; and, immediately after his Decease, his Heirs Male, begot in lawful Marriage, shall come into the said Succession, notwithstanding that they may be born, or that they may dwell, out of our Kingdom: We will, That, for the abovesaid Causes, neither our said Grandson the King of Spain, nor his Ghildren, being Males, be deemed and reputed less able and capable to enter upon the said Succession, or upon others which may fall to them within our said Kingdom; on the con-trai}', we understand it, That all Rights, and generally other Tilings whatever, which may at present, or for the future, belong or appertain to them, be, and remain, preserved whole and entire, as if they did reside and dwell constantly within our Kingdom to the time of their Decease, and as if their Heirs had been Natives ant} Inha-

bitants of the Kingdom; having, for this Purpose, as far as there is and shall be Need enabled and d'dpenfed with them, as we do enable and dispense with them by these Presents: And so we give it in Command to our beloved and trusty Councillors, the Members of our Court of Parliament, and Chamber of our Accounts, at Paris Presidents and Treasurers General of , in the

Office of our Exchequer, established in the same Place; and to all others, our Officers and Justices, to Whom it shall appertain *, That they cause these Presents to be registered; and our said Grandson the King of , his Children and Descendants, being Male, of lawful Marriage, to enjoy and use the Contents thereof, fully and peaceably, notwithstanding any thing contrary thereunto: to which, by our Grace and Authority, as abovesaid, we have derogated, and do derogate: For this is our Pleasure. And, that it be a Matter firm and lasting for ever, we have caused our Seal to be put to these presents. Given at in the Month of

December in the Year of our Lord 1700, and of our Reign the 58th Signed, Lewis; and on the Fold, by the King, Phclypeaux. And sealed with the Great Seal; on Green Wax, with Strings of Red and Green Silk.

Registered; the King’s Attorney General being heard, and requiring the fame; in order to their being executed, according to their Form and Tenor, pursuant to the Act of this Day. At Parisr in Parliament, the First of February 1701.

Signed, Dongois',

Now whereas it is provided and settled, by the preceding Renunciation, which is always to have the Force of a general, fundamental, and inviolable, Law, That at no time whatever, either the Catholick King himself, or any one of his Lineage, shall seek to obtain the Crown of France, or ascend the Throne thereof; and, by reciprocal Renunciations, on the Part of France, and by Settlements of the Hereditary Succession there, tending to the same Purpose, the Crowns of France and Spain are so divided and separated from each other, that the aforesaid Renunciations, and the other Tran factions relating thereto, remaining in Force, and being truly and faithfully observed, they can never be joined in one: Wherefore the most Serene Queen of Great Britain, and the most Serene the most Christian King, engage together, solemnly, and on their Royal Words, That nothing shall be ever done by them, or their Heirs and Successors, or allowed to be done by others, whereby the aforesaid Renunciations, and the other Transactions afore-mentioned, may not have their full Effect; but rather, on the contrary, their Royal Majesties, with joint Councils and Forces, will always sincerely take that Care, and use those Endeavours, that the said Foundations of the Publick Safety may remain unlhaken, and be preserved untouched, for ever.

Moreover, the most Christian King consents and engages, That he will not, for the Interest of his Subjects, hereafter endeavour to obtain, or accept of, any other Allowance of Navigation and Trade to and the.

Spanish Indies, than what was praflifed there in the Heign of the late King Charles the’.Second of Spain; qr than what shall likewise be fully given and granted, at the same time, to other Nations and People concerned in Trade.

VII.

That there be a free Use of Navigation and Commerce between the Subjects of both their Royal Majesties, ns it was formerly in time of Peace, and before the Declaration of this last War; and also, it is agreed and concluded by the Treaty of Commerce this Day made between the Two Nations.

VIII.

That the ordinary Distribution of Justice be revived, and open again, though the Kingdoms and Dominions of each of their Royal Majesties; so that it may be free for all the Subjects, on both Sides, to sue for and obtain their Rights, Pretensions, and Actions, according to the Laws, Constitutions, and Statutes, of each Kingdom,.

IX. The

i2 Ann.

Mail

329

IX

The most Christian King shall take care. That all the Fortifications of the City of Dunkirk be rased; that the Harbour be filled up; and that the Banks, or Moles, which serve te cleanse the Harbour, be levelled; and that at the said King’s own Expence j within the Space of Five Months, after the Conditions of Peace are concluded and signed: that is to say, the Fortifications towards the Sea within the Space of Two Months; and those towards the Land, together with the said Banks, within Three Months; on this express Condition also, That the said Fortifications, Harbour, Moles, or Banks, be never repaired again: All which shall not, however, be begun to be ruined till after that every thing is put into his Christian Majesty’s Hands, which is to be given him instead thereof, or as an Equivalent.

X.

The said most Christian King shall restore to the Kingdom and Queen of Great Britain, to be possessed in full Right for ever, the Bay and Straits of Hudson, together with all Lands, Seas, Sea-coasts, Rivers, and Places, situate in the said Bay and Straits, and which belong thereunto; no Tracts of Land, or of Sea, being excepted, which are at present possessed by the Subjects of France: All which, as well as any Buildings there made, in the Condition they now are; and likewise all Fortresses there erected, either before or since the French seizerl the fame; shall, within Six Months from the Ratification of the present Treaty, or footier, if possible, be well and truly delivered to the Subjects, having Commission from the Queen of Great Britain to demand and receive the lame, entire and undemolished, together with all the Cannon and Cannon Balls being the rein; as also with a Quantity of Powder, if it be there found, in proportion to the Cannon Balls, and other Provision of Warusually belonging to Cannon: It is, however, provided, That it may be entirely free for the Company of Quebec, and all other the Subjects of the most Christian King whatsoever, to go by Land, or by Sea, whithersoever they please, out of the Lands of the said Bay, together with all their Goods, Merchandizes, Arms, and Effects, of what Nature or Condition soever, except such Things as are above reserved in this Article: But it is agreed, on both Sides, to determine, within a Year, by Commis-faries to be forthwith named by each Party, the Limits which are to be fixed between the said Bay the Places appertaining to the French', which Limits both the British and French Subjects Hi all be wholly for--

bid topafs over, or to go to each other by Sea, or by Land: The same Commissaries shall also have Orders to describe and settle, in like manner, the Boundaries between the other British and French Colonies in ihofe Parts.

XI*

The above-mentioned most Christian King shall take care, that Satisfaction is given, according to the Rule of Justice and Equity, to the English Company trading to the Bay of Hudson, for all Damages and Spoil done to their Colonies, Ships, Persons, and Goods, by the hostile Incursions and Depredations of the French in time of Peace; an Estimate being made thereof by Commissaries to be named at the Requisition of each Party: The same Commissaries shall moreover inquire as well into the Complaints of the British Subjects, concerning Ships taken by the French in time of Peace; as also concerning the Damages sustained last Year in the Island called

Montserrat, and others; as into those things of which the French Subjects complain, relating to the Capitulation in the Island of Nevis, and Castle of Gambia; as also to French Ships, if perchance any such have been taken by British Subjects in time of Peace; and, in like manner, into aill Disputes of this Kind, which shall be found to have arisen between both Nations, and which are not yet ended: And true Justice shall be done on both Sides without Delay.

XIL

The moffChristian King shall take care to have delivered to the Queen of Great Britain, on the same Day that the Ratifications of this Treaty shall be exchanged. Vox, 17.

solemn and authentick Letters orinstruments.by virtue Tremhs of whereof it shall appear, that thelfland of Pear.- at

is to be possessed alone hereafter by British Subjects; Utrecht, &e. likewise all Nova Scotia or Accadie, with its ancient Boundaries; as also the City of Port Royal, now called Annapolis Royal: And all other Things in those Parts, which depend on the said Lands and islands; together with the Dominion, Propriety, and Possession, of the said Islands, Lands, and Places; and all Right whatsoever, by Treaties, or by any other way, obtained, which the most Christian King, the Crown of France, or any the Subjects thereof, have hitherto had to the said Islands,

Lands, and Places, and the Inhabitants of the fame, are yielded, and made over, to the Queen of Great Britain, and to her Crown, for ever: As the most Christian King doth at present yield, and make over, all the Particulars abovesaid; and that in such ample Manner and Form, that the Subjects of the most Christian King shall here^ after be excluded from all Kind o ffishing in the said Seas, Bays, and other Places, on the Coasts of Nova Scotia; that is to say, on those which lie towards the East, within Thirty Leagues, beginning from the Island commonly called Sable, inclusively, and thence stretching along towards the South-weft.

xm.

The Island called Nexvfomidland, with the adjacent Islands, shall, from this time forward, belong, of Right,

Wholly to Britain-, and, to that End, the Town and.

Fortress of Placentia, and whatever other Places in the said Island are in the Possession of the French, shall be yielded and given up within Seven Mouths from the Exchange of the Ratifications of this Treaty, or sooner, if possible, by the most Christian King, to those who have a Commission from the Queen of Great Britain for that Purpose: Nor shall the most Christian King, his Heirs and Successors, or any of their Subjects, at any time hereafter, lay Claim to any Right to t he said Island and Islands, or to any Part of it or them: Moreover, it shall not be lawful for the Subjects of France to fortify any Place in the said Island of Newfoundland; or to erect any Buildings there, besides Stages made of Boards, and Huts, necessary, and usual, lor Drying of Fish; or to resort to the said Island beyond the time necessary for Fishing, and Drying of Fish: but it shall be allowed to the Subjects of France to have a Fiftiery, and to dry their Fish, on Land, in that Part only, and in no other besides that, of the said Island of Newfoundland, which stretches from the Place called Cape Bonavijla to the Northern Point of the said Island; and, from thence running down by the Western Side, reaches as far as the Place -called Point Riche: But the Island called Cape Breton, as also all others, both in the Mouth of the River of Lawrence, and in the Gulph of the same Name, shall hereafter, of Right, belong to the French; and the most Christian King shall have all manner of Liberty to fortify any Place or Places there.

XIV.

It is expressly provided. That in all the said Places, and Colonies to be yielded and restored by the most Christian King, in pursuance of this Treaty, the Subjects. of the said King may have Liberty to remove themselves, within a Year, to any other Place, as they shall think fit, together with all their moveable Effects; but those who are willing to remain there, and to be subject to the Kingdom of Great Britain, are to enjoy the free Exercise of their Religion, according to the Usage of the Church of Rome, as far as the Laws of Great Britain do allow the fame.

XV.

The Subjects of France inhabiting Canada, and others, shall hereafter give no Hindrance or Molesta-tion to the Five Nations or Cantons of Indians, subject to the Dominion of Great Britain; nor to the other Natives of America, who are Friends to the fame: In like manner the Subjects of Great Britain shall behave themselves peaceably towards the Americans, who are Subjects, or Friends, to France; and both shall enjoy full Liberty of going and coming on Account of Trade:

4 P As

Trralies of Peace at Utrecht, &c.

330 9 Maiu.sjj&.vj&y

As also the "Natives of those Countries shall, with the same Liberty, resort, as they please, to the and

French Colonies, for promoting Trade on both Sides, without any Molestation or Hindrance, either on the Part of the British Subjects, or of the French .-But it is exactly and distinctly to be settled, by Commissaries, who are, and who ought to be accounted, the Subjects and Friends of Britain, or of France.

XVI.

That all Letters, as well of Reprisal, as of Mark, and Counter-mark, which have hitherto, on any Ac-r count, been granted on either Side, be and remain hull, void, and of none Effect: And that no Letters of this kind be hereafter granted by either of their said Royal Majesties, against the Subjects of the other, unless there shall have been plain Proof thereof beforehand of a Denial, or wrongful Delay, of Justice; and unless the Petition of him who desires the Grant of Letters of Reprisal be exhibited and theivn to the Minister who resides there in the Name of that Prince against whose Subjects those Letters are demanded; that he, within the Space of Four Months, or sooner, may make Enquiry to the contrary, or procure that Satisfaction be forthwith given to the Plaintiff, by the Party accused: But in case no Minister he reftding from that Prince ajjainst whose Subjects Reprisals are demanded, That Letters of Reprisals be not granted till after the Space of Four Months, to be computed from the Day whereon the Petition was exhibittd and presented to the Prince against whose Subjects the Reprisals are desired, or to his Privy Council,

XVII.

"Whereasitisexpreflyfiipulated, among theConditions, of the Suspension of Arms made, between the above-mentioned contracting Parties, the Day last

past, and afterwards prolonged for Four Months more, in what Cafes Ships, Merchandizes, and other moveable feffects, taken on either Side, tliould either become Prize to the Captor, or be restored to the former Proprietor: It is therefore agreed, That, in those Cafes, the Conditions of the aforesaid Suspension of Arms shall remain in fjull Force; and that all things relating to such Captures, made, either in the British and Northern Seas, or in any other Place, be well and truly executed, according to the Tenor of the fame.

XVIII.

But in case it happen through Inadvertency, or Imprudence, or any other Cause whatever, That any Subject of their aforesaid Royal Majesties do or commit any thing by Land, by Sea, or in.fresh'Waters, in any Part of the World, whereby this present Treaty be not observed, or whereby any particular Article of the same ' hath not its Effects, this Peace, and good Correspondence between the Queen of Great Britain, and the most Ghriftian King, {halt not be therefore interrupted or broken; but shall remain in its former Strength, Force, and Vigour: But that Subject alone shall be answerable fur its own Fact, and shall suffer the Punishment which is inflicted by the Rules and Directions of the Law of Nations.

XIX.

However, in case' (which God Almighty forbid) the Dissentions, which have been laid asleep, should at any time be renewed between their said Royal Majesties, or their Successors, and break out into; open War, the Ships, Merchandizes, and all the Effects, both moveable and immoveable, on both Sides, which shall be found to be and remain in the Ports, and in the Dominions, of the adverse Parly, shall not be confiscated or endamaged j but the entire Space of, Six Months, to be reckoned from the Day of the Rupture, shall be allowed to the said Subjects of each of tlrcir Royal Majesties, in which they may fell the-aforesaid Tilings, or any Part else of their Effects; or carry and remove them from thence, whither they please, without any Molestation; and retire from thence th'emselves.

XX.

Just ant) reasonable Satisfaction, shall be giyen to all and Angular the Allies of the Queen of Great Britain, in those Matters which they have a Right to-.dethftud from Fratice.

XXL

The most Christian King will, in Consideration of I b4 Friendship of the Queen of Great grant, That;

in making the Treaty with the Empire, all things concerning the State of Religion in the aforesaid Empire shall be made conformable to the Tenor of the Treaties of Wesiphalia: So that it shall plainly appear, That the

most Christian King neither wilj have, nor would have had, any tiling altered in the said Treaties.

‘ XXII.

Morever, the most Christian King engages. That’lid will, forthwith after the Peace is made, cause Justice to be done to th? Family of , Concerning the

Dukedom of Chatelunt; to the Duke of 'concerning such Requelis as he has to make -uiFranee; as also to Charles Dcuglass, concerning certain Lands to be

reclaimed by liim; and to others.:

XXIII.

By the mutual’Consent of the Queen of Great and of the most Christian King, the Subjects of each Party, who were taken Prisoners during the War, shall be set at Liberty, without any Distinction, or Ransom^ paying such Debts as they shall have contracted in^thal time of their being Prisoners.

' xxiv;.

It is mutually agreed. That all and Angular the Conditions of the Peace, made this Day, between his Sa'credf Royal most Christian Majesty, and his Sacred Royal Majesty of Portugal, be confirmed by this Treaty: Arid her* Sacred Royal Majesty. of Great takes upon her-

self the Insurance, or Guaranty, of the fame; to.-theeinf that it may be more firmly and inviolably observed; y-

' . - - xxv. _ " '

The Treaty of Peace, made this Day,'-between his Sacred Royal most Christian Majesty, and* his'Roy Highness the Duke of Savoy; m particularly included In' this Treaty, as an.essential Part of it; and is* con Armed* by it, in the same manner as if it Were, Word for Word, inserted therein; her Royal Majesty of Great Britain' declaring expreAy, That she will be bound by the' Stipulations of Security and Guaranty promised therein,' as well as by' those which she has formerly taken ubbn herself.

' xxvi.

The most Serene King of Sweden, with his "Kingdoms, Dominions, Provinces, and Rights ‘ais also the Great’ Duke of Tuscany; the Republiok' of ’and the'

Duke of Parma; are, in the bell manner, included in this Treaty; *

XXVII.

Their Majesties have also been pleased to compfehend' in this Treaty the Hans Towns; hamely, Bre-

men, and Hamburg; and the City of: with this!

Effect, That; as soon as the General Peace shall b’e con- ‘ eluded, the Hans Towns, and the City of Dantzick;may,' for the future; as common Friends, enjoy the ancient' Advantages which they have heretofore had in the Bust-.' ness of Trade, either by Treaties, or by old ’Custom.

XXVIII.

Those shall be cotnprehended in this present Treaty of Peace, wh6 shall afterwards be named by common-; Consent on the one Part, and on the other, before the Exchange of the Ratiftcatio'ns, or within Six Months.

XXIX.

Lastly, Solemn RatiAcations of this present Treaty, , and made in due Form, shall be exhibited, on both Sides, at Utrecht, send mutually and duly exchanged, within the \ Space of Four Weeks, to be computed from the Day of*' Signing; or sooner, if possible.

XXX.

InWitness whereof, we the under-written Ambaffadofs’' Extraordinary, and Plenipatentiaries, >of the Queen of -

Gkcht

ti Ann.

Mail

St*

Great Britain, and of the most Christian King* have put

our Seals to these present Instruments; which are sub- ,

scribed with our owti Hands; at Utrecht, the Jill of^‘ir.^-

7 11 Day of April,

in the Year 1713.

(L.S.) Jvh. Bristol, C.P.S. (L»'S.) Hurdles,

(JL.S.) Strafford. (L.S.) Mefnager.

y , . ANNE R.

ANNE, by the Grace of God, Queen of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith,

To all and Angular to whom these Presents-shall come, greeting: Whereas the Congress that \tfas held at Utrecht, in the Beginning of last Year, for inaking’-a General Peace, hasbeendrawnoutinLengthabovethefe Fourteen Months, by various Obstacles, which have been thrown in the way, contrary to our Hopes and Withes; but now, by the Favour and Goodness of Almighty God, who has been pleased to inspire the Love of Concord more strongly into the Breasts of the Parties engaged in War, it teems happily to tend towards the End so long desired, and so necessary for the Tranquillity and Welfare of Europe: We, having at length adjusted with our good Brother, the most Christian King, our Matters, on both Sides, relating both to Peace, and to Commerce, that our Ministers, who have hitherto, under the Title of Plenipotentiaries, applied themselves, with our highest . Approbation, to the Discharge of thisEmployment, may, with greater Splendour, put an End to-this most wliol-some' Work, have thought fit to giVe them the highest Character, of our Ambassadors Extraordinary: Now, know ye, That we, reposing special Confidence in the Loyalty* Industry, Experience, and Sagacity, in manage-.ingMatters.df great Importance, of the Right Reverend . Father in God, our right trusty and well-beloved Couri-fellor, John Bishop of Bristol, Keeper of our Privy Seal,

Dean of Windsor, and Registerofour most Noble Order

of the Garter; and of our right trusty and right well-beloved Cousin and Counsellor, Thomas Earl of Strafford, VifeOmit Wentworth of WentitotlWoodliouJ'e and -

borough, Baron of Roby, Li’eiitenant General of our Ar-

mies^ First Commissioner of our Admiralty, Khight of our most Noble Order of the Garter, and our Ambafla-dor Extraordinary, and Plenipotentiarj', to the High and Mighty Lords the States-General of the United NclJier-rlands; have; named, made,- and constituted, them, as by these Presents we do name, make, and constifute, them, our true, certain and undoubted, Ambassadors-Extraor-dinary, Com’miffaries, Procurators, and Plenipotentiaries; giving and granting to them, jointly and separately, all, and aill manner of, Power, Faculty, and Authority; as also both general and special OrdCr; but *so as the general do n6t derogate from the special, nor on the contrary; to meet and confer in the City of or

in any other Place, with the Ambassadors Extraordinary, and Plenipotentiaries, which the said moll Chrifi tian King shall have deputed on his Part, being furnillied with sufficient Authority, and to treat, agree, and conclude, concerning safe, lading, and honourable, Conditions of'Peace and Friendfllip between us and the said most Christian King; and to sign for us, and in our Name, all fuel*Things as shall be so agreed and concluded; and to make out such and so many Instruments of what is concluded^ as shall be necessary; and to exchange and mutually receive the same; and, generally, to do and perform all such Things as they shall judge necessary, or any way conducive, towards making and settling the Conditions of Peace and Friendfllip, as is abovesaid, in as ample'Manner and Form, and with the hke Force and Effect, as we ourselves might do and perforin, if we were present; engaging and promising, on our Royal Word, That we will accept, approve, arid ratify* in the same Mahner and Form as they have been agreed, all and every Thing that, by virtue of these Presents, shall happen to be transaeled, concluded, and signed, by our laid Ambassadors Extraordinary, Gommiffaries, Procurators, - and Plenipotentiaries, jointly or separately. In Witfiefs," and for the greater Strength, of all these Thing'*,' we havel commanded our Voi. 17.

Great Seql of Great Britain to be affixed to these Pre- Treaties of fents. . Signed with our Royal Hand. Given at our !’*acV*t Palace of St. James's, the 24th Day of the Month of rec ’ Marc/i in the Year of our Lord 17-j^; and of our Reign the Twelfth..; - *.

LEWIS, by the Grace of God, King of and Navarre: To all who shall fee these Presents, greet- ing: Whereps.we.have omitted nothiogfor contributing, yvitii all pur Might, towards the Re-establishment of afincere and solid Peace; and as our moll dear and most fieloved. Sifter, the Queen of Great Britain, has _ shewn the same Desire; and as there is room to hope, that the Conferences which are heldatUtrecht, for attaining to so desirable a Good, will, in a little time, have a happy Issue; and being willing likewise to apply all our Care for promoting the Effect thereof; and reposing . entire Confidence in the Capacity, Experience, Zeal, and Fidelity, for opr Service, ofo.or most dear "and well-beloved Coufiq the Marquis d'HMarshal of France, Knight of our Orders, and our Lieutenant-General of the;Government of Burgundy', and’ of our most dear and well-beloved the Sieur Knight

.of our. Order of St Michael; for these Causes, and other good Considerations us hereunto moving, we have commissioned, ordained, and deputed, as by these Presentfe, signed wish opr Hand,-we do commission, ofdAin/.and depute, tire said Sieurs Marshdl of

ger-t and have given, and do give, to them- filll Power, Commission, and special Command; in Quality of onr Ambafl’actors Extraordinary, and our Plenipotentiaries, to confer, negotiate, nud treat, with Ambassadors Extraordinary, Plenipotentiaries, of our laid Sifter,: provided with her Powers in due Form, to agree, conclude, and sign, fuel) Treaties of Peace, Articles, and Conventions, as they shall see good: We will, That,-in case of Ab-fence of One of them, by Sitikness, or through any other lawfql Cpufe, the other have the faihP Power, to confer, negotiate, treat, agree, conclude, and sign such Treaties of Peace, Articles and Conventions, as shall be agreeable to the Good of the Peace which we propose to ourselves, and to the reciprocal Advantage of our ’

Subjects: So that our said Ambassadors Extraordinary, and Plenipotentiaries, may aft, in all which shall belong to the Negotiation with pur fold Sifter, with the fame. Authority as we should and might do, if w.e werp present in Person: Although there should be something which might require a more special Order than is con*. tained in:these Presents; wepromise, on the Faith an$L Word of a King, to approve, and to keep firm and lasting for ever, to fulfil and execute, punctually, all that the said Sieurs Marshal d'Hurdles and or One of them, in the said Cafes of Absence, or of such Sickness, shall stipulate, promise, and sign, by virtue of this present Power, without ever aft ing contrary thereto, or permitting that any thing be done to the contrary, for any Cause, or under any Pretence whatsoever; as likewise to cause to be dispatched our Letters; ratifying the same in good Form; and to cause them to be delivered, in order to be exchanged, within the time which shall be agreed on by the Treaties to be made:

For this is our Pleasure.. In Witness whereof, we have caused our Seal to be affixed So these Presents. Given at Versailles, the 4th Day of March, in the Year of our

Lord 1713, and of our Reign the Seventieth.

, Signed, -

And, on the Fold,

By the King. Colbert.

Translation of aTreaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France.

WHEREAS the most Serene and most Potent Princess and Lady, Anne, by the Grace of God, Queen of Great Britain, France, and Ireland and the most Serene

and most Potent Prince and Lord, the XIVth, by

the Grace of God, the most Christian King; sincethey-applied their Minds, by the Disposal of the Almighty, to the Study of Peace, have both been moved with an. earnest Desire to increase the Advantages of their Subjects

which

Treaties of

P euce at Utrecht, &c.

33*

9* Mail. A.

which are to arise therefrom, by a reciprocal Liberty of Navigation and Commerce; which ought to be as well the principal Fruit, as Establishment, of Peace: And, to that End, they most graciously gave Instructions to their Ambassadors Extraordinary, and Plenipotentiaries, going to the Congress at Utrecht, That they should employ their utmost Diligence and Care, both to re-establifo Peace, and to renew the former Treaties of Commerce, between the Two Nations; and to adapt them to the urefent State of Affairs; that isto say, her Sacred Royal Majesty of Great Britain, to the Right Reverend John,

by Divine Permifoon, Bifoop of Bristol, Keeper of the IVivy Seal of England, One of her Majesty’s Privy Council, Dean of Windsor, and Register of the motl Noble Order of the Garter; as also to the most Noble, IHuftrious, and Excellent, Lord, Thomas Earl of Strafford, Viscount Wentworth, of Wentworth Woodhouse &nd Stainborough, Baron of Raby, One of her Majesty’s Privy Council, her AmbafTador Extraordinary, and Plenipotentiary, to the H igh and Mighty Lords the States General of the United Netherlands, Colonel of her Majesty’s Regiment of Dragoons, Lieutenant General of her Armies, First Lord Commissioner of the Admiralty of Great Britain and Ireland, and Knight of the most noble Order of the Garter; and his Sacred Royal most Christian Majesty, to the most Noble, illustrious, and Excellent, Lords, Nicolas Marquis of Huxelles, Marfoal of France, Knight of the King’s Orders, and Lieutenant General of the Dukedom of Burgundy -, and Nicolas Mefnager, Knight of the King's Order of St. Michael: Whereupon the said Ambassadors, to the end that the so pious and wholsome Design of their Royal Majesties might attain the desired Effect, having had several Conferences upon that Affair; and having adjusted the principal Matters on both Sides, as far as they could in so foort a time; after having communicated to one another, and duly exchanged, the full Powers wherewith they were provided for this Purpose; Copies whereof are infer ted, Word for Word, at the End of this lustrument; agreed upon Articles of Navigation and Commerce, in Manner and Form, as follows:

I.

It is agreed and concluded between the most Serene and most Potent Queen of Great Britain, and the most Serene and most Potent the most Christian King, That there shall be a reciprocal, and entirely perfect. Liberty of Navigation and Commerce between the Subjects of each Part, through all and every the Kingdoms, States, Dominions, and Provinces, of their Royal Majesties, in Europe, concerning all and singular Kinds of Goods in those Places, and on those Conditions, and in such Manner and Form, as is settled and adjusted in the following Articles.

II.

But, That the Commerce and Friendfoip between the Subjects of the abovesaid Parties may be hereafter secure most free from ail Trouble and Molestation, it is agreed and concluded. That, if at any time, any ill Undemanding, and Breach of Friendfoip, or Rupture, should happen between the Crowns of their Royal Majesties (which God forbid), in such case the Term of Six Months shall be allowed, after the said Rupture, to the Subjects and Inhabitants on each Part, residing in the Dominions of the other, in which they themselves may retire, together with their Families, Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects, and carry them whithersoever they foall please; as like-wife, at the same time, the Selling and Disposing of their Goods, both moveable and immoveable, shall be allowed them freely, and without any Disturbance; and, in the mean time, their Goods, Effects, Wares, and Merchandizes, and particularly their Persons, foall not be detained or troubled by Arrest or Seizure; but rather, in the mean while, the Subjects on each Side shall have and enjoy good and speedy Justice; so that, during the said Space of Six Months they may be able to recover their Goods and Effects intruded as well to the Publick, os to private Persons.

nr.

It is likewise agreed and concluded, That the Subjects and Inhabitants of the Kingdoms, Provinces, and Dominions, of each of their Royal Majesties, foall exercise no Acts of Hostility and Violence against each other, neither by Sea, nor by Land, nor in Rivers, Streams, Ports, or Havens, under any Colour or Pretence whatsoever; so that the Subjects of either Party foall receive no Patent, Commission, or Inftrnftion, for arming, and acting at Sea, as Privateers, nor Letters of Reprisal, as they are called, from any Princes or States which are Enemies to one Side or the other; nor by virtue, or under Colour, of such Reprisals, Commissions, or Patents, foall they disturb, infeft, or any way prejudice or damage, the aforesaid Subjects and Inhabitants of the Queen of Great Britain, or of the most Christian King; neither foall they arm Ships in such manner as is above said, or go out to Sea therewith: To which End, as often as it is required by either Side, strict and express Prohibitions shall be renewed and publifoed in all the Regions, Dominions, and Territories, of each Party where-soever; that no one foall, in anywise, use such Com-. millions, or Letters of Reprisal, under the severest Pu-nifoment that can be inflicted on the Transgressoi-s, be-iides Rest it ut ion, and full Satisfaction, to be given to those to whom they have done any Damage; neither foall any Letters of Reprisal be hereafter granted, oa either Side, by the said Confederates, to the Detriment or Disadvantage of the Subjects of the other, except in such case only as Justice is denied, or delayed; to which Denial, or Delay, Credit shall not be given, unless the Petition of the Person who desires the said Letters of Reprisal be communicated to the Minister residing the re on the Part of the Prince against whole Subjects they are to be granted; that, within the Space of Four Months, or sooner, if it be possible, he may evince the contrary, or procure the Performance of what is due to Justice, ’

!V.

The Subjects and Inhabitants of each of the aforesaid Confederates foall have Liberty, freely and feenrely, without Licence or Passport, general or specia!,by Land, or by Sea, or any other Way, to go into the Kingdoms, Countries, Provinces, Lands, Islands, Cities, Villages, Towns, walled or unwalled, fortified or unfortified, Ports, Dominions, or Territories, whatsoever, of the other Confederate in Europe; there to enter and to return from thence; to abide there, or to pass through the fame; and, in the mean time, to buy and purchase, as they please, all things necessary for their Subsistence and Use: And they shall be treated with all mutual Kindnefa and Favour:

Provided however. That in all these Matters they behave and comport themselves conformably to the Law* and Statutes, and live and converse with each other friendly and peaceably, and keep up reciprocal Concord, by all Manner of good Understanding.

V.

The Subjects of each of their Royal Majesties may have Leave and Licence to come with their Ships, as also with the Merchandizes and Goods on board the fame, the Trade andlmportation whereofare not prohibited by the Laws of either Kingdom, to the Lands, Countries, Cities, Ports, Places, and Rivers, of either Side, in Europe; to enter into the same; to resort thereto; to remain and reside there, without any Limitation of Time; also to hire Houses, or to lodge with other People; and to buy all lawful Kinds of Merchandizes, where they think fit, from the First Workman, or Seller, or in any other manner, whether in the publick Market for the Sale of Things, in Mart Towns, Fairs, or wheresoever those Goodsaremanufactured, orfold: They may likewise lay up, and keep, in their Magazines and Warehouses, and from thence expose to Sale, Merchandizes brought from other Parts; neither shall they be, in anywise, obliged, unless willingly, and of their own accord, to bring their said Merchandizes to the Marts and Fairs; on this Condition, however, That they foall not sell the same, by 16 Retai I,

12 Ann. 90 Mali. 333

Retail, in Shops, or any-where else: But they are not under any Colour thereof; or he any ways molested or Treaties of to be loaded with any Impositions or Burthens, on Ac- injured: Moreover, That it be unlawful for the Sub- }’*,ce at count of the said Freedom of Trade, or for any other jecis of both Parties to take any thing, or to extort it ^trec l’ c‘ Canfe whatsoever; except what are to be paid for their by Force, except the Person to whom it belongsconsent.

Ships and Goods, according to the Laws and Customs and it be paid for with ready Money; which, however, received in each Kingdom: And moreover, they shall is not to be understood of that Detention and Seizure have free Leave, without any Molestation, to remove which shall be made by the Command and Authority of themselves, as also, if they shall happen to be married, Justice, and by the ordinary Methods on Account of their Wives, Children, and Servants, together with their Debt, orCrime; in respect whereof, the Proceed ingsmuft Merchandizes, Wares, Goods, and EffeCls, either bought be by way of Law, according to the Form of Justice. or imported, whensoever, and whithersoever, they shall VIII.

think fit, out of the Boundsof each Kingdom, by Land, Furthermore it is agreed and concluded, as a general and by S *a, on the Rivers and Fresh Waters, discharg- Rule, That all and Angular the Subjects of the most Se-ing the usual Duties; notwithstanding any Law, Privi- rene Queen of Great , and of the most Serene

lege. Grant, Immunity, or Custom, in anywise import- the most Christian King, in all Countries and Places ing the contrary: But in the Business of Religion there subject to their Power, on each Side, as to all Duties, shall be an intire Liberty allowed to the Subjects of Impositions, or Customs, whatsoever, concerning Per-each of the Confederates; as also, if they are married, fons, Goods, and Merchandizes, Ships, Freight, Seamen, to their Wives and Children: Neither shall they be Navigation, and Commerce, may use and enjoy the same compelled to go to the Churches, or to be present at Privileges, Liberties, and Immunities, at lead, and have the Religious" Worship, in any other Place: On the the like Favour, in all things, as well in the Courts of contrary, they may, without any kind of Molestation, Justice, as in all such things which relate either to Com-perform their Religions Exercises after their own Way, merce, or to any other Right whatever, which any although it be forbid by the Laws of the Kingdom, foreign Nation, the most favoured, has, uses, and enjoys, privately, and within their own Walls, and without the or may hereafter have, use, and enjoy.

Admittance of any other Persons whatsoever: More- IX.

over. Liberty shall not‘be refused to bury the Subjects It is further agreed, That, within the Space of Two of either Party, who die in the Territories of the other. Months, after a Law shall he made in Great,

in convenient and decent Places, to be appointed for whereby it shall be sufficiently provided, that no more that Purpose, as Occasion shall require: Neither shall Customs or Duties be paid for Goods and Merchandizes the dead Bodies of those that are buried be any ways brought from France to Great , than what are

molested. The Laws and Statutes of each Kingdom payable for Goods and Merchandize of the like Nature shall remain in full Force, and shall be duly put in exe- imported into Great Britain from any other Country in cution; whether they relate to Commerce and Navi- Europe -, and that all Laws made in Great Britain, since g-ition, or to any other Right; those Cafes being only the Year 1660, for prohibiting the Importation of any excepted, concerning which it is otherwise determined Goods and Merchandizes coming from France, which in the Articles of this present Treaty. were not prohibited before that time, be repealed; the

VI. general Tariff, made in France, the 18th Day of -

The Subjects of each Party shall pay the Tolls, Cuf- ber in the Year 1664, shall take place there again; and toms, and Duties, of Import and Export, through all the the Duties payable in France, by the Subjects of Great Dominions and Provinces of either Party, as are due and Britain, for Goods imported and exported, shall be paid, accustomed: And that it may be certainly known to according to the Tenour of the Tariff above mentioned; every one, what are all the said Tolls, Customs, and Du- and flildl not exceed the Rule therein settled, in the ties, of Import and Export, it is likewise agreed, That Provinces, whereof Mention is there made; and in the Tables, shewing the Customs, PortDuties, and Imposts, other Provinces, the Duties shall not be payable other-shall be kept in publick Places, both at London, and in wife than according to the Rule at that time prescrib-

other Towns within the Dominions of the Queen of ed; and all Prohibitions, Tariffs, Edicts, Declarations,

Great Britain, and at lioan, and other Towns of France, or Decrees, made in France, since the said Tariff of the

where Trading is used; whereunlo Recourse may be Year 1G64, and contrary thereunto, in respect to the had as often as any Question or Dispute arises, con- Goods and Merchandizes of Great Britain, shall be re-cerning such Port Duties, Customs, and Imposts, which pealed; But whereas it is urged, on the Part of France, are to be demanded in such manner, and no otherwise. That certain Merchandizes; thatis to say, Manufactures as shall be agreeable to the plain Words, and genuine of Wool, Sugar, faltedEifli, and the Product of Whales;

Sense of the abovesaid Tables: And if any Officer, or be excepted out of the Rule of the above-mentioned Ta-other Person in his Name, shall, under any Pretence, riff; and likewise other Heads of Matters belonging to publickly or privately, directly or indirc6lly, alk, or take, this Treaty remain, which, having been proposed, on of a Merchant, or of any other Person, any Sum of the Part of Great Britain, have not yet been mutually Moneys or any thing else, on Account of Right, Dues, adjusted; a Specification of all which is contained in a Stipend, Exhibition, or Compensation, although it be separate Instrument, subscribed by the Ambassadors Ex-wnderthe Name of a l'ree-gift, or in any other Manner, traordinary, and Plenipotentiaries, on both Sides; it is or under any other Pretence, more, or otherwise, than hereby provided and agreed, That, within Two Months what is prescribed above; in such case, the said Officer, from the Exchange of the Ratifications of this Treaty, or his Deputy, if lie be found guilty, and convicted of Commissarieson both Sides shall meet at to con-

the fame, before a competent Judge, in the Country fider of, and remove, the Difficulties concerning the where the Crime was committed, he shall give full Satis- Merchandizes to be excepted out of the Tariff of the faOion to the Party that is wronged, and shall likewise Yrear 1664, and concerning the other Heads, which, as be punished according to the Direction of the Laws. is ahovesaid, are not yet wholly adjusted: And, at the

VII. fame time, the said Commissaries shall likewise endea-

That the Merchants, Masters of Ships, Owners, Ma- your (which seems to be very much for the Interest of riners. Men of all kinds. Ships, and all Merchandizes both Nations) to have the Methods of Commerce, on in general, and Effects, of the other Confederate, and of one Part and t'other, more thoroughly examined; and his Subjects and Inhabitants, be on no publick or pri- to find out, and establish, just and beneficial Means, on vate Account, by virtue of any general or special Exli&, both Sides, for removing the Difficulties in this Matter, seized, in any the Lands, Ports, llavens, Shores, or and for regulating the Duties mutually; But it is always Dominions, whatsoever, of the other Confederate, for understood, and provided. That all and Angular the Ar-the publick Use, warlike Expeditions, or for any other tides of this Treaty do, in the mean while, remain in Canfe; much less, for the private Use of any one, be their full Force; and especially, That nothing be deemed, detained by Arrests; be compelled by Violence, or under any Pretence whatsoever, to hinder the Benefit of Vo l.I?" 4 Q the

Treaties of Peace at I? credit,

334 MailM. 1713.

the general Tariffof l!:e Year 1 <^64, from being granted to the Subjects ofher i loyal Majesty of Britain,

and the said British Subjects from having and enjoying the fame, without any Delay, or Tergiversation, within the Space of Two Months, after a Law is made in Great Britain, as abovesaid, in as ample Manner and Form as the Subjects of any Nation the most favoured might have and enjoy t he Benefit of the aforesaid Tariff; any thing to be done, or difeufi'ed, by the said Comm ill'ai ies, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X.

The Duties on Tobacco imported into France, either in the Leaf, or prepared, shall be reduced, hereafter to the same moderate Rate as the said Tobacco of the Growth of any Country in Europe, of America, being brought into France, docs, or shall pay: The Subjects on both Sides shall all’o pay the same Duties in France, for the said Tobacco: There shall be, likewise, an equal Liberty of felling it: And the Subjects shall

have the same Laws as the Merchants of France themselves have and enjoy.

r.

It is likewise concluded. That the Imposition, or Tax, of 50 Sols Tournois, laid on Ships, in

for every Ton, shall wholly eeafe, and be from henceforward annulled; in like manner, the Tax of Five Shillings Sterling, laid on French Ships, in Great Britain, for every Ton, shall cease; neither shall the fame, or any the like, Impositions, be laid hereafter on the Ships of the Subjects on either Side.

XII.

It is further agreed and concluded, That it shall be wholly free for all Merchants, Commanders of Ships, and other the Subjects of the Queen of Great Britain, in all Places of France, to manage their own Business themselves, or to -commit them to the Management of M homsoever they please 5 nor shall they be obliged to make nfe of any Interpreter, or Broker; nor to pay them any Salary, unless they choose to make nfe of them: Moreover, Masters of Ships shall not be obliged, in loading or unloading their Ships, to make life of those Workmen, either at Bourdeaux, or in any other Places, at maybe appointed by publick Authority for that Purpose; but it shall be intirely free for them to load or unload their Ships by themselves; or to make tile of such Persons in loading and unloading the fame, as they shall think fit, without the Payment of any Salary to any other whomsoever; neither shall they be forced to onload any Sort of Merchandizes, either into other Ships, or to receive them into their own; or to wait for their being loaded longer than they please; and all and every the Subjects of the most Christian King shall reciprocally have and enjoy the same Privileges and Liberty, in all Places, in Europe, Subject to the Dominion of Great Britain.

XIII.

It shall be wholly lawful and free for Merchants, and others, being Subjects, either to the Queen of Great Britain, or to the most Christian King, by Will, and any other Disposition, made, either during the time of Sickness, or at any other time before, or at the Paint of Death, to devise or give away their Merchandizes, Effects, Money, Debts belonging to them, and all moveable Goods which they have, or ought to have, at the lime of their Death, within the Dominions, and any other PI: ces, belonging to the Queen of Great Britain and to the most Christian King: Moreover, whether they die having made their Will, or intestate, their lawful Heirs and Executors, or Administrators, refilling in either of the Kingdoms, or coming from any oilier Part, although they be naturalized, fl, all free!v and quietly receive, and takePolieflion of, all the said Goods and Effects whatsoever, according to the Laws of Britain and France, respectively; in such manner, however, lhat the Wills, and Right of entering noon the Inheritances of Persons intestate, must be proved according to Law, as weil by tiic Subjects of the Queen of Great Britain, as by the Subjects of the most Christian

King, in those Places where each Person died, whether that may happen in Great Britain, or in France, any Law, Statute, Edict, Custom, or Droit d’ what-

ever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV.

A Difpnte arising between any Commander of the Ships on both Sides, and his Seamen in any Port of the other Party, concerning Wages due to the said Seamen, or other Civil Causes, the Magistrate of the Place shall require no more from the Person accused, than that lie give to the Accuser, a Declaration, in Writing, witnessed by the Magistrate, whereby he shall be bound to answer that Matter, before a competent Judge, in his own Country; which being done, it shall not be lawful cither for the Seamen to desert their Ship, or to hinder the Commander from prosecuting his Voyage: It shall moreover be lawful for the Merchants on both Sides, in the Places of their Abode, or elsewhere, to keep Books of their Accounts and Affairs, as they shall think fit; and to have an Intercourse of Letters, in such Language or Idiom as they shall please, without any Molestation or search whatsoever: But if it should happen to be necessary for diem to produce their Books of Accounts, for deciding any Dispute and Controversy, in such case they shall be obliged to bring into Court the intire Books or Writings; but so as that the Judge may not have Liberty to inspect any other Articles in the said Books than such as shall relate to the Testimony or Authority in question, or such as shall be necessary to give Credit to the said Books: Neither shall it be lawful, under any Pretence, to take the said Books or Writings forcibly out of the Hands of the Owners, or to retain them; the same of Bankruptcy only excepted: Neither shall the said Subjects of the Queen of Great Britain be obliged to write their Accounts, Copies of Letters, Acts, or Instruments, relating to Trade, on stamped Paper; in French, Papier; except their Day

Book; which, that it may be produced as Evidence in any Law-suit, ought, according to the Laws which all Persons trading in France are to observe, to be fu!>-feribed, gratis, by the Judge, and signed with his own Hand.

XV.

It shall not be lawful for any foreign Privateers, not being Subjects of one, or of the other, of the Confederates, who have Commissions from any other Prince, or State, in Enmity with either Nation, to fit their Ships in the Ports of one, or the other, of the aforesaid Parties, to fell what they have taken, or in any other manner whatever to exchange either Ships, Merchandizes, or any other Ladings; neither shall they be allowed even to purchase Victuals, except such as shall be necessary for their going to the next Port of that Prince from whom they have Commissions.

XVI.

The Ships of both Parties being laden, failing along the Coast or Shores of the other; and being forced, by Storm, into the Havens or Ports, or coming to Land in any other manner; shall not be obliged, there, to unlade their Goods, or any Part thereof, or to pay any Duty, unless they do, of their own Accord, unlade their Goods there, or dispose of any Part of their Lading; but it may be lawful to take out of the Ship, and to fell, Leave being first obtained from those who have the Inspediou of Sea Affairs, a small Part of their Lading, for this End only, That Necessaries, either for the Refreshment, or Victualing, of the Ship, may be purchased; and, in that case, the whole Lading of the Ship shall not be subject to pay the Duties, but that small Part only which has been taken out, and fold.

XVII.

It shall be lawful for all and Angular the Subjects of the Queen of Great Britain, and of the most Christian King, to fail with their Ships, with all manner of Liberty and Security, no Distinction being made who are the Proprietors of the Merchandizes laden thereon, from any Port to the Places of those who are now, or shall be

hereafter.

12 Ann. 90 Mail.

hereafter, at Enmity with the Queen of Great,

or the mostChristian King: It lha.ll likewise be lawful for the Subjects and Inhabitants aforesaid to fail with the Ships and Merchandizes afore-mentioned, and to trade, "With the same Liberty and Security, from the Places, Ports, and Havens, of those who are Enemies of both, or of either. Party, without any Opposition or Dif-turbance whatsoever, not only directly from the Places of the Enemy afore-mentioned, to a neutral Place, but also from one Place belonging to an Enemy, to another Place belonging to an Enemy, whether they be under the Jurisdiction of the same Prince, or under feve-fal: And as it is now stipulated concerning Ships and Goods, That free Ships shall also give a Freedom to Goods; and that every thing shall be deemed to be free and exempt which shall be found on board the Ships belonging to the Subjects of either of the Confederates, although the whole Lading, or any Part thereof, should appertain to the Enemies of either of their Majesties; contraband Goods being always excepted; on the Dif-Covery whereof Matters shall be managed according to the Scnfe of the subsequent Articles; it is also agreed, in like manner,! hat the fameLiberty be extended toPer-suns who are on board a free Ship; with this Effect, That, although they be Enemies to both, or to either. Party, they arc not to be taken out of that 1'ree Ship, unless they are Soldiers, and in actual Service of the Enemies.

XVIII.

This Liberty of Navigation and Commerce shall extend to all Kinds of Merchandizes; excepting those ©illy which follow in flic next Article, and which are signified by the Name of Contraband.

XIX.

Under this Name of contraband, or prohibited, Goods, shall be comprehended Arms, great Guns, Bombs with their Fufees, and other Things belonging to them, Fireball, Gunpowder, Match, Canuon-ball, Pikes, Swords, Lances, Spears, Halberds, Mortars, Petards, Granadues, Saltpetre,- Musquet, Musquet-ball, Helmets, Head pieces, Bieall-plates, Coats of Mail, and the like Kinds of Arms proper for arming Soldiers; Musquet-relts, Belts, Horses with their Furniture; and all other warlike Instruniciits whatever.

XX.

These Merchandizes which follow shall not be reckr ©ned among prohibited Goods; that is to say. All Sorts of Cloths, and all other Manufactures woven of any Wool, Flax, Silk, Colton, or any other Materials whatever; all kinds of Clothes, and wearing Apparel, together with the Species whereof they are used to be made; Gold and Silver, as well coined as uncoined; Tin, Iron, Lead, Copper, Brass, Coals; as also Wheat and Barley, and any other kind of Corn and rulfe; Tobacco; and likewise all manner of Spices; falttd and finoked Flesh, failed Filli, Cheese and Butter; Beer, Oils, Wines, Sugars, and all Sorts of Salt: and, in general, all Provisions, which serve for the Nourish-nient of Mankind, and the Sultenance of Life: Furthermore, all kinds of Cotton, Hemp, Flax, Tar, Pitch, Ropes, Cables, Sails, Sail-cloth, Anchors, and any Parts ©fAnchors; alfoShip-malls.Planks, Boards, and Beams, of what Trees soever; and all other tilings proper either for building or repairing Ships; and all other Goods whatever, which have not been worked into the Form of any Ir.flrument, or Tiling, prepared for War, by Land, or by Sea; shall not be reputed Contraband; much less such as have been already wrought, and made lip, for any other Use; all which shall wholly be reckoned among flee Goods; as likewise, all other Merchandizes and Things, which are not comprehended, and particularly mentioned, in the preceding Article; so that they may be Transported and carried, in tile freest manner, by the Subjects of both Confederates, even to Places belonging to an Enemy; such Towns, or Places, being only exempted, as are at that time belieged, blocked up round about, or invested.

XXL

To the end that all manner of Difienfious and Quar-

Vol. 17.

rels may be avoided and prevented, on one Side and Treaties of t’other, it is agreed, That in case either of their Royal ?,eace.at. , Majesties, who are allied should be engaged in War, tr4e c" the Ships and Vessels belonging to the Subjects of the other Ally mud be furnished with Sea Letters, or Pass-ports, expressing the Name, Property, and Bulk, of the Ship; as also the Name and Place of Habitation, of the Mailer, or Commander, of the said Ship; that it may appear thereby, that the Ship really and truly belongs to the Subjects of one of the Princes; which Passports shall be made out, and granted, according to the Form annexed to this Treaty: They shall likewise be recalled every Year; that is, if the Ship happen to return home within the Space of a Year: It is likewise agreed, That such Ships, being laden, are to be provided not only with Passports, as above-mentioned, but also with Certificates, containing the several Kinds of the Cargo; the Place whence the Ship failed, and whither flie is bound; that so it may be known, whether any forbidden, or contraband. Goods, as are enumerated in the 19th Article of this Treaty, be on board the fame; which Certificates shall be made out by the Officers of the Place, whence the Ship set Sail, in the accustomed Form; and if any one shall think it fit, or advisable, to express, in the said Certificates, the Person to whom they belong, he may freely do so.

XXII.

The Ships of the Subjects and Inhabitants of both their mo ft serene Royal Majesties, coming to any of the Sea-coasts within the Dominions of either of the Confederates, but not willing to enter into Port; or, being entered, yet not being willing to shew, or to fell, the Cargoes of their Ships; shall not be obliged to give an Account of their Lading, unless they are suspected, upon sure Evidence, of carrying to the Enemies of the other Confederate, prohibited Goods, called Contraband.

XXIII.

And, in case of the said manifest Suspicion, the said Subjects and Inhabitants of the Dominions of both their most serene Royal Majesties shall be obliged to exhibit, in the Ports, their Passports and Certificates, in the manner before specified.

XXIV.

But in case the Ships of the Subjects and Inhabitants of both their most serene Royal Majesties, either on the Sea-coast, or on the high Seas, shall meet with the Men of War of the other, or with Privateers; the said Men of War, and Privateers, for preventing any Inconveniencies, are to remain out of Cannon-shot, and to fend their boats to the Merchant-ship which has been met with; and shall enter her with Two or Three Men only; to whom the Mailer, or Commander, of such Ship or Vessel, shall shew the Passports concerning the Property thereof, made out according to the Form annexed to this present Treaty; and the Ship which shall exhibit them, shall have free Passage; and it shall be wholly unlawful any way to molest, search, or compel her to quit her intended Course.

XXV.

But that Merchant-ship of the other Party, which intends to go to a Port at Enmity with the other Confederate, or concerning whose Voyage, and the Sort of Goods on board, there shall be just Suspicion, shall be obliged to exhibit, either on the high Seas, or in the Ports and Havens, not only her Passports, but her Certificates, expressing, that they are not of the Kinds of Goods prohibited, which are specified in the 19th Article.

XXVI.

But if one Party, on the exhibiting the abovesaid Certificates mentioning the Particulars of the Tilings on board, should discover any Goods of that Kind which are declared contraband, or prohibited, by the 19th Article of this Treaty, deligned for a Port subject to the Enemy of the other, it shall be unlawful to break up the Hatches of that Ship wherein the same shall happen to be found, whether lhe belong to the Subjects of Great Britain, or of France; to open the Cliefts, Packs, or Calks, therein; or to fell even the smalltft Parcel of Goods; unless the

Lading

Treaties of IVavt*. at

lurtfcht, See.

3 30 o° Mail. A. 1713.

Lading be brought on Shore, in the Presence of the Officers of the Court of Admiralty, and an Inventory made thereof: I3ut there shall be no Allowance to fell, exchange, or alienate the fame, in auv manner, unless after that due and lawful Process shall have been had against such prohibited Goods, and the Judges of the Admiralty respectively shall, by aSentence pronounced, have confiscated the fame; lhving always as well the Ship itself, as the other Goods found therein, which, by this Treaty, are to be esteemed free: Neither may they be detained on Pretence of their being, as it were, infected by the prohibited Goods; much less shall they be confiscated as lawful Prize: But if not the whole Cargo, but only Part thereof, shall consist of prohibited, or contraband. Goods; and the Commander of the Ship shall be ready, and willing, to deliver them to the Captor who has discovered them; in such same the Captor, having received these Goods, shall forthwith discharge the Ship, and not hinder her, by any means, freely to prosecute the Voyage on which the was bound.

XXVII.

On the contrary, it is agreed. That whatever shall be found to be laden by the Subjects and Inhabitants of either Party on any Ship belonging to the Enemy of the other, and his Subjects, the Whole, although it be of the Sort of prohibited Goods, may be confiscated, in the same manner as if it belonged to the Enemy himself; except those Goods and Merchandizes as were put on board such Ship before the Declaration of War, or even after such Declaration, if so be it were done within the Time and Limits following; that is to say, If they were put on board such Ship in any Port and Place, within the Space of Six Weeks after such Declaration, within the Bounds called the Naze, in Norway, and the Soundings; of Two Months, from the Soundings, to the City of Gibraltar; of Ten Weeks, in the Mediterranean Sea; and of Eight Months, in any other Country, or Place, in the V/brld: So that the Goods of the Subjects of either Prince, whether they be of the Nature of such as are prohibited, or otherwise, which, as is aforesaid, were put on board any Ship belonging to an Enemy, before the War, or after the Declaration of the Fame, within the Time and Limits abovesaid, shall no-ways be liable to confifeation; but shall well and truly be restored, without Delay, to the Proprietors demanding the same; but foas that, if the said Merchandizes be contraband, it shall not be any-ways lawful to carry them afterwards to the Port belonging to the Enemy.

XXVIII.

And that more abundant Care may be taken for the Security of the Subjects of both their most serene Royal Majesties, that they fulfer no Injury by the Men of War, or Privateers, of the other Party, all the Commanders of the Ships of the Queen of Great,

and of the most Christian King, and all their Subjects, shall be forbid doing any Injury or Damage to the other Side; and, if they act to the contrary, they shall be punished; and shall moreover be bound to make Satisfaction for all Damage, and the Interest thereof, by Reparation, under the Bond and Obligation of their Person and Goods.

XXIX.

For this Canfe, all Commanders of Privateers, before they receive their Patents, or special Commissions, shall hereafter be obliged to give, before a competent Judge, sufficient SeciSVity, by good Bail, who are Men able to pay, and have no Interest in the said Ship, and are each bound, in the Whole, for the Sum of^.1,500 Pounds Sterling, or 16,500 Livres Tournois; or, if such Ship be provided with above 150 Seamen, or Soldiers, for the Sum of £.3,000 Sterling, or 33,000 Livres Tournois; that they will make entire Satisfaction for any Damages and Injuries whatsoever, which they, or their Officers, or others in their Service, commit, during their Course at Sea, contrary to this present Treaty, or the Edicts of either of their most serene Royal Majesties, published by virtue thereof; under Penalty, likewise, of having their special Commissions, and Patents, revoked and annulled.

18

XXX.

Both their above-named Royal Majesties, being willing to shew a mutual, and equal, Favour, in all their Dominions, respectively, to the Subjects of each other, in the same manner as if they were their own Subjects, will give such Orders as shall be necessary and effectual, that Justice be administred concerning Prizes, in the Court of Admiralty, according to the Rule of Equity and Right, and the Articles of this Treaty, by Judges who are above all Suspicion, and who have no manner of Interest in the Cause in Dispute.

XXXI.

Whensoever the Ambassadors of each of their Royal Majesties above-named, and other their Ministers, having a publick Character, and residing in the Court of the other Prince, shall complain of the Unjustness of the Sentences which have been given; their Majesties, on each Side, shall take care, that the same be revised and re-examined in their respective Councils; that it may appear, whether the Directions and Provisions prescribed in this Treaty have been observed, and have had their due Effect: They shall, likewise, take care, that this Matter be effectually provided for, and that Right be done to every Complainant within the Space of Three Months: However, before or after Judgment, given, the Revition thereof still depending, for the Avoiding of all Damage, it shall not be lawful to fell the Goods in dispute, or to unlade them, unless with the Consent of the Persons concerned.

XXXII.

A Suit being commenced between the Captors of Prizes, on one Part, and the Reclaimers of the fame, on the other; and Sentence, or a Decree, being given in favour of the Reclaimer; that same Sentence, or Decree, Security being given, shall be put in Execution; the Appeal of the Captor to a superior Judge in anywise notwithstanding; which, however, is not to be observed when Judgment has been given against the Reclaimers.

XXXIII.

In case that either Ships of War, or Merchantmen, forced by Storm, or other Misfortune, be driven on Rocks or Shelves, on the Coasts of one or the other Party; and are there broken to pieces, and shipwreck-ed; whatever Part of the Ships or Tackling thereof, as also of the Goods and Merchandizes, shall be saved, or the Produce thereof shall be faithfully restored to the Proprietors, Reclaimers, or their Factors; paying only the Expences of preserving the fame, in such manner as a Regulation may be made, on both Sides, concerning the Salvage; saving, at the same time, the Right and Customs of each Nation: And both their most serene Royal Majesties will interpose their Authority, that such of their Subjects may be severely punished, who, in the like Accident, shall be guilty of Inhumanity.

XXXIV.

It shall be free for the Subjects of each Party to employ such Advocates, Attornies, Notaries, Solicitors, and Factors, as they shall think fit: To which End the said Advocates, and others above-mentioned, may be appointed by the ordinary Judges, if it be need, and the Judges be required thereunto.

xxxv.

And, That Commerce and Navigation may be more securely and freely followed, it is further agreed, That neither the Queen of Great Britain, nor the most Christian King, shall receive any Pirates and Robbers into any of their Ports, Havens, Cities, or Towns; neither shall they permit them to be received into Port, to be protected or assisted by any manner of Harbouring, or Support, by any the Subjects, or Inhabitants, of either of them; but they shall rather cause all such Pirates and Sea Robbers, or whoever shall receive, conceal, or assist, them, to be apprehended, and punished as they deserve, for a Terror and Example, to others: And all the Ships, Goods, or Merchandizes, being piratically taken by them, and brought into the Port of the Kingdom of either, as much as can be found, although they have, by

Sale,

Mali.

337

ia Ann.

Sale, been conveyed to others, shall be restored to the lawful Owners, or their Deputies, having Instruments of Delegation, and an Authority of Procuration for reclaiming the fame, and Indemnifation shall be made; proper Evidence being first given in the Court of Admiralty for proving the Property: And all Ships and Merchandizes, of what Nature soever, which can be rescued out of their Hands, on the High Sea, shall be brought into some Port of either Kingdom, and shall be delivered to the Custody of the Officers of that Port; with this Intention, That they be delivered entire to the true Proprietor, as soon as due and sufficient Proof shall have been made concerning the Property thereof.

XXXVI.

It shall be lawful as well for the Ships of War of both their most Serene Royal Majesties, as for Privateers, to carry whithersoever they please the Ships and Goods taken from their Enemies: Neither shall they beobliged to pay any tiling to the Officers of the Admiralty, or to any other Judges; nor shall the afore-mentioned Prizes, when they come to, and enter, the Ports of either of their most Serene Royal Majesties, be detained by Arrest: Neither shall Searchers, or other Officers of those Places, make Examination concerning them, or the Validity thereof: But, on the contrary, they shall have Liberty to hoist Sail at any time to depart, and to carry their Prizes to that Place which is mentioned in their Commission or Patent; which the Commanders of such Ships of War shall be obliged to shew: On the contrary, no Shelter or Refuge shall, in their said Ports, be given to such who have made Prize upon the Subjects of either of their Royal Majesties; and if, perchance, such Ships shall come in being forced by Stress of Weather, or the Danger of the Sea, particular Care shall be taken, as far as it is not repugnant to former Treaties with other Kings and States, that they go from thence, and retire elsewhere, as soon as possible.

XXXVII.

: Neither of their most Serene Royal Majesties shall f>ermit. That the Ship or Goods of the other be taken under the Coasts, and in the Ports or Rivers of their Dominions, by Ships of War, or others having Commission from any Prince, Commonwealth, or Town, whatsoever: And, in case such a thing should happen, both Parties shall use their Authority, and united Force, that the Damage sustained be made good.

XXXVIII.

If hereafter it shall happen, through inadvertency, or otherwise. That any Contraventions or Inconveniences on either Side should arise, concerning the Observation of this Treaty, the Friendship and good Intelligence shall not immediately thereupon be broke off; but this Treaty shall subsist in all its Force, and a proper Remedy for removing the Inconveniences shall be procured; as likewise Reparation of the Contraventions: And, if the Subjects of one, or the other, be found in Fault, they puly shall be severely punished and chastised.

XXXIX.

But if it shall appear. That a Captor made use of any Kind of Torture upon the Master of the Ship, the Ship’s Crew, or others who shall be on board any Ship belonging to the Subjects of the other Party; in such case, not only the Ship itself, together with the Persons, Merchandizes, and Goods whatsoever, shall be forthwith released, without any further Delay, and set entirely free; but also such as shall be found guilty of so great a Crime, as also the Accessaries thereunto, shall suffer the most severe Punishment suitable to their Crimes; which that it be done without any Respect of Persons, the Queen of Great Britain, and the most Christian King, do mutually engage to each other.

Form of the Passports to be asked of, and given by, the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, kc. or by the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of High Admiral of Great Britain, &e. according to the Directions of the 21st Article of this Treaty. Vol. 17.

To all to tvhom these Presents shall come, greeting:

We..... . High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. (or)

We.....Commissioners for executing the Office of

High Admiral, &c. do make known, andteftify, by these

Presents, That A. B.....of the usual

Place of his Dwelling, Master or Commander of the Ship

called D.....appeared before us,' and declared by

solemn Oath; (or) produced a Certificate under the Seal of the Magistrate, or of the Officers of the Customs, of

the Town and Port of £.....dated the..... Day

of the Month of.....in the Year of our Lord 17..

of and concerning the Oath made before them. That the said Ship and Vessel D.....of .....Tons, whereof

he himself is, at this time, Master or Commander, doth really and truly belong to the Subjects of her most Serene Majesty, our most gracious Sovereign: And whereas it would be most acceptable to us, lhat the said Master, or Commander, should be aftifted in the Affairs wherein he is justly and honestly employed; we desire you, and all and every of you. That wheresoever the said Master, or Commander, shall bring his Ship, and the Goods on board thereof; you would cause him to be kindly received; to be civilly treated; and, on pay ing the lawful and accustomed Duties, and other Things, to be admitted to enter, to femain in, and to depart out of, your Ports, Rivers, and Dominions; and to enjoy all manner of Right, and all kind of Navigation, Traffick, and Commerce, in all Places where he shall think it proper and convenient: For which we shall always be most willing and ready to make Returns to you in a grateful manner. In Witness and Confirmation whereof, we havesigned these Presents, and caused our Seal to be put thereunto.

Given at the.....the.....Day of the Month of

.....in the Year 17 ..

Form of the Certificates to be required of, and to be given by, the Magistrate and Officers of the Customs, of the Town and Port, in their respective Towns and Ports, to the Ships and Vessels, which fail from thence, according to the Direction of the 21st Article of this present Treaty.

We A. B.....Magistrates, (or) Officers of

the Customs, of the Town and Port of .....do

certify, and attest, That on the.....Day of the

Month of.....in the Year of our Lord 17 ..

E.....of £.....personally appeared before us,

and declared, by a solemn Oath, That the Ship or Vessel,

called G.....of about.....Tons, whereof

H. I.....of £.....his usual Place of Habi-

tation, isMaster, or Commander, does rightfully and properly belong to him, and others, Subjects of her most Serene Majesty our most gracious Sovereign, and to them alone: That she is now bound from the Port of

L.....to the Port of . .....laden with the Goods and Merchandizes hereunder particularly described and enumerated; that is to say, as follows.

.....In Witness whereof, we have signed this

Certificate, and sealed it with the Seal of our Office.

Given the.....Day of the Month of..... in

the Year of our Lord 17 .

Form of the Passports and Letters which are to be given in the Admiralty of France to the Ships and Barks which shall go from thence; according to the 21st Article of this present Treaty.

Leivis Count of Thoulou/e, Admiral of France, to all who shall fee these Presents, greeting: We make known.

That we have given Leave and Permission to....

Master and Commander of the Ship called . ....

of the Town of.....Burthen.....Tons, or

thereabouts, lying at present in the Port and Haven of

.....and bound for.....and laden with.

.....after that his Ship has been visited, and before

failing, he shall make Oath, before the Officers who have the Jurisdiction of Maritime Affairs, That the said Ship belongs to one or more of the Subjects of his Majesty; the Act whereof shall be put at the End of these Presents: As likewise. That he will keep, and cause to be

' 4 R kept

Treaties of Peace at Utrecht, kc.

t

Treatmof Peace at iltaadit, Ac-

33® 9° Matt, 1713*

kept by his Crew on board, the Marine Ordinances and Regulation*, And enter, in the proper Office, a List, signed and witnessed, containing the Names and Surnames, the Places of Birth and Abode, of the Crew of his Ship, and of all who shall embark on board her, whom he shall not take on board without the Knowledge and Permission of the Officers of the Marine; and in every Port or Haven where he shall enter with his Ship, he shall shew this present Leave to the Officers and Judges of the Marine, and shall give a faithful Account to them of what passed, and was done, during his Voyage: And he shall carry the Colours, Arms and En-figas, of the King, and of us, during his Voyage: In Witness whereof) we have signedthefe Presents, and put the Seal of our Arms thereunto, and caused the same to be coonterCgned by oar Secretary of the Marine, at

..... the ..... Day of..... 17... Signed Lewis

Count of Thouloufe. And, underneath, by....

Form of the Ad containing the Oath.

We ..... of the Admiralty of do certify, That.....Matter of the Ship named in the

above Passport, has taken the Oath mentioned therein.

Done at..... the.....Day of.....17..

XL.

The present Treaty shall be ratified by the Queen of Great Britain, and by the most Christian King, and the

Ratifications thereof shall be duly exchanged at Utrecht, within Four Weeks, or foouer, if possible.

XLI.

In Witness whereof, we the underwritten Ambassadors Extraordinary, and Plenipotentiaries, of the Queen of Great Britain, and of the most Christian King, have set our Hands and Seals to this present Treaty. At the -J-fthDay of in the Year of our Lord 1713.

(L.S.) Jah. Bri/ioU, C. P. S. (L. S.)

(L.S.) Strafford. (L.S.)

ANNE R.

ANNE, by the Grace of God, Queen of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith,

To all and fingolar to whom these Presents shall come, greeting: WhereastheCongrefcthat was held at Utrecht, hi the Beginning of last Year, for making a General Peace, has been drawn out in Length above these Fourteen Months, by various Obstacles which have been thrown in the way, contrary to our Hopes and Wiihes; bat now, by the Favour and Goodness of Almighty God, who has beenpleased to inspire the Love of Concord more strongly into the Breads of the Parties engaged in War, it seems happily to tend towards the End so long desired, and so necessary for the Tranquillity and Welfare of Europe; we having at length adjusted with our good Brother, the mostChristian King, our Matters, on both Sides, relating both to Peace and to Commerce; that our Ministers, who have hitherto, under the Title of Plenipotentiaries, applied themselves, with our highest Approbation, to the Di (charge of thisEm ploy ment, may, with greater Splendor, put an End to this most wholesome Work, have thought fit to give them the highest Character of our Ambassadors Extraordinary: Now, know ye, That we, reposing especial Confidence in the Loyalty, Industry, Experience, and Sagacity, in managing Matters of great Importance, of the Right Reverend Father in God, our right trusty and well-beloved Counsellor, John Bishop of Bristol, Keeper of our Privy Seal, Dean of Wind fur, and Regiflter of our most Noble Order of the Garter; and of our right trusty and right well-beloved Cousin and Counsellor, Thomas Earl of Strafford, Viscount Wentworth of Wentzcorth and Stainborough, Baron of Lieutenant General of

our Armies, First Commissioner ofour Admiralty, Knight of the most Noble Order of the Garter, and our Ambafla-dor Extraordinary, and Plenipotentiary, to the High and Mighty Lords the States General of the

Netherlands; have named, made, and constituted, them, as by these Presents we do name, make, and constitute

them our true, certain, and undoubted, Ambassadors Extraordinary, Commissaries, Procurators, and Plenipotentiaries; giving and granting to them, jointly and separately, all, and all manner of Power, Faculty, and Authority; as also both general and special Order; but so as the general do not derogate from the special, nor on the contrary; to meet and confer in the City of Utrecht, or in any other Place, with the Amballiidors. Extraordinary, and Plenipotentiaries, which the said most Christian King shall have deputed on his Part, being furnished with sufficient Authority; and to treat, agree, and conclude, concerning the adjusting, in the most friendly manner, the Conditions of Navigation and Commerce between our Subjects and thoi’e of the said most Christian King; and to sign for ns, and in our Name, all such Things as shall be so agreed and concluded; and to make out such and so many Instrumenta of what is concluded, as shall be necelKiry; and to exchange and mutually receive the same; and, generally, to doand perform all such Things as t hey shall judge necessary, or in any way conducive, towards making and settling the Conditions of Navigation and Commerce, a* is abovesaid, in as ample Manner and Form, and with the like Force and Effect, as we ourselves might do and perform, if we were present; engaging and promising, ou our Royal Word, That we will accept, approve, and ratify, in the same Manner and Form as they have been agreed, all and every thing that, by virtue of these Presents, shall happen to be transa&ed, concluded, and signed, by our said Ambassadors Extraordinary, Commissaries, Procurators, and Plenipotentiaries, jointly or separately. In Witness, and for the greater Strength, of all these Things, we have commanded our Great Seal of Great Britain to be affixed to these Presents. Signed with our Royal Hand. Given at our Palaceof St. James's, the 24 th Day of the Month of in the Year of our

Lord 17-l-j, and ofour Reign the Twelfth.

LEW IS, by the Grace of God, King of France and Navarre: To all who shall fee these Presents, greeting! Whereas we have omitted nothing for contributing, with all our Might, towards the Re-establishment of a fin cere and solid Peace; and as our most dear and most beloved Sifter, the Queen of Great Britain, has shewn the same Desire; and as there is room to hope, that the Conferences which were held at Utrecht, for attaining to so desirable a Good, will, in a little Time, have a happy Issue; and being willing likewise to apply all oufC&re for promoting the Effect thereof; and repoling entire Confidence in the Capacity, Experience, Zeal, and Fidelity, for our Service, of our most dear and well-beloved Cousin the Marquis d’Hu.relies, Martha! of 4

Knight of our Orders, and our Lieutenant General of the Government of Burgundy; and ofour most dearand well-beloved the Sieur Mejhager, Knight of our Order of St: Michael', for these Causes, and other good Considerationd us hereunto moving, we have commissioned, ordained, and deputed, as by these Presents, signed with our Hand, we do commission, ordain, and depute, the said Sieurs Mar dial d Huxelles and Mefnager-, and have given, and do give, to them, full Power, Commission, and special Command; in Quality of our Ambassadors Extraordw nary, and Plenipotentiaries, to confer, negotiate, and treat with the Ambassadors Extraordinary, Plenipotentiaries, of our said Sifter, provided with her Powers in due Form, to agree, conclude, and sign, such Treaties of Commerce, Articles, and Conventions, as they shall see good: We will, That, in case of Absence of one of them, by Sickness, or through any other lawful Cause, the other have the same Power to confer, negotiate, treat* agree, conclude, and sign, such Treaties of Commerce* Articles, and Conventions, as shall be chargeable to the Good which we propose to our (elves, and to the reciprocal Advantage of our Subjects: So that our said Ambassadors Extraordinary, and Plenipotentiaries, mat- act, in all which shall belong to the Negotiations with our said Sifter, with the same Authority as we (ho’dd and

night

ia Ann.

f Math

m

might do, if we were present ia Person: Although there should be something which might require a morespecial Order than is contained in these Presents; we protnife, on the Faith and Word of a King, to approve, and to keep firm and lading for ever, to fulfil and execute punctually, all that the said Sieurs Marshal d'Huxelles and Mefnager, or One of them, in the said Cafes of

Absence, or of Sickness, shall stipulate, promise, and sign, by virtue of this present Power, without ever acting contrary thereto, or permitting that any thing be done to the contrary, on any Cause, or under any Pretence, whatsoever; as likewise to cause to be dispatched our Letters, ratifying the fame, in good Form; and to cause them to be delivered, in order to be exchanged, within the time which shall be agreed on by the Treaties to be made: For this is our Pleasure: In Witness whereof, we have caused our Seal to be affixed to these Presents. Given at Versailles, the 4th Day of March in the Year of our Lord 1713, and of our Reign the Seventieth.

Signed, Lewis.

And, in the Fold,

By the King. Colbert.

Translation of an Act, declaring the Particulars referred, by the gth Article of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France, to the Discussion of Commissioners.

BE it known unto all People, That whereas in the gth Article of the Treaty of Commerce concluded this Day between the most Serene Queen of Great Britain, and the most Serene the Christian King, by their Majesties AmbalTadois Extraordinary, and Plenipotentiaries, mention is made of some Heads of Matters, which, being proposed on the Part of Great Britain, have not, as yet, been mutually adjusted; and therefore it was thought fit to refer them to be difeufied and determined by Commissioners: We therefore, the under-written Ainbaffadors, that it may certainly appear what are those Heads of Matters, which are to be referred to Commissioners, have resolved to give a particular Account of them in this Writing, declaring, that they are the fame, and no other than what follow:

1.

No Manufactures of either Kingdom, and the Dominions belonging the reunto, shall be subject to be inspected and confiscated, under any Pretence of Fraud or Defect in making or working the m; or becadfe of any other Imperfection therein: But absolute Freedom shall be allowed to the Buyer, and the Seller, to bargain and agree for the same as they shall see good 3 any Law, Statute, Edict, Arrest, Privilege, Grant, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.

And for asmuch as a certain Usage, not confirmed by any Law, has obtained in several Towns of Great Britain, and of France; that is to say. That every one, for coming in, and going out, shall pay*a Kind of Tax, called, in English, Head-money; and in French, du Chef: It is concluded, That neither the fame, nor any other Duty, on that Account, shall any more be exacted:

III.

And the British Merchants shall not, hereafter, be forbidden to fell the said Tobacco to any Buyer whom they please, for which Purpose the letting out the Duties on the said Tobacco to Farmers, which has been hitherto practised, shall cease; neither fitall such Farming be used again hereafter.

IV.

The following same being only excepted; that is to say, where British Ships find! take up Merchandizes in one Port, and carry them to another Port, of;

in which Cafe, and in no other, the British Sul >j efts shall be obliged to pay the Duties abrogated and abolished by this Article, only in proportion to the Goods which they take in, and not according to the Bulk of the Ship.

V.

Whereas several Kinds of Goods, contained jn Calks, Vol. 17.

Chefis, 0fr Other Cafes, for Jvhifch the Butifes are paid by Tr«tMi et Weight, will be exported from, and -imported into, Peac* at France, by British Subjects: It is therefore agreed, that, Utr»ckv*«v in such Chfe, thfe aforesaid Duties shall be payable only according to the Weight of the Gobds themselves; but the Weight of the Caflcs, Chefls, dnd other Cafes whatever, shall be deduced in such manner, and in such Proportion, as has been hitherto in Use in,

and is still -nra&ifed.

VL

It is further agreed. That if any Mistake or Error shall on either Side be committed by any Master of Ship, his Interpreter or Factor, or by others employed by him, in making the Eritry or Declaration of the Goods on board his Ship; for such Defect, if so be a Fraud does not evidently appear, neither the Ship, nor the Lading thereof, shall be subject to be confiscated; but it shall be free for the Proprietors to have again such Goods as were omitted in the Entry or Declaration of the Mailer of the Ship; paying only the accustomed Duties, according to the Rates settled in the Books: Neither shall ' the Merchants, or the Master of the Ship, Iofe the said Goods, or suffer any other Punishment, if so be that the said Goods so omitted he not brought on Shore before the Declaration made, and the Customs paid for the same.

VII.

And whereas the Quality of the Ship, Master, and Goods, will sufficiently appear from such Passports and Certificates, it shall not be lawful for the Commanders of Men of War to exact; any other Verification, under any Title whatsoever: But if any Merchant Ship shall want such Passports or Certificates, then it may be examined by a proper Judge, but in such manner, as if it shall be found from other Proofs and Documents, that it does truly belong to the Subjects of either of the Confederates, and does not contain any prohibited Goods, designed to be carried to the Enemy of the other; it shall not be liable to Confiscation, but shall be released, together with its Cargo, in order to proceed on its Voyage* since it may often happen, that such Papers could not come to the Ship when she was setting Sail from any Port; or that they have been loft by some Chance or other; or that they have been taken away from the Ship:

And if, besides the Passports, and Certificates made according to the Form of this Treaty, other Passports and Certificates happen to be found in the Ship in another Form, and perhaps.according to the Prescription of Treaty made with others, no Pretence shall betaken from thence of detaining, or in anywise molefling, either the Ship, or Men, or Goods: If the Matter of the Ship named in the Passports be removed by Death, or any other Cause, and another be put in his Place, the PalFt ports shall nevertheless retain their Force; and the Ships and Goods laden thereon, shal^be secure.

VIII.

It shall further be provided on both Sides, and taken for a general Rule; That Ship and Goods, although they have remained in the Enemies Power for Four-and-twenty Hours, shall not therefore be elleemed as Capture, and be immediately made Prize; but if on other Accounts they ought to be restored, they mhy be reclaimed, and shall be given again to the Proprietors;

IX.

It shall be free for both their Royal Majesties, for the Advantage of their Subjects trading in the Kingdoms and Dominions of the other, to constitufte National Consuls of their own Subjects, who shall enjoy that Right and Liberty which belongs to them by reafori of the Exercise of their Funftion; but, as to the Places where such Consuls are to be appointed; both Sides shall afterwards agree between themselvfes:

In Witness whereof, we the Ambassadors Extraordinary, and Plenipotentiaries, of her Sacred Royal Majesty of Great Britain, and of his Sacred Royal most Christian Majesty, have subscribed this present Instrument with oar

Hands,

Treatie* of Peace al

(strecht, See.

340 90 Mail. 1713.

Hands, and set our Seals thereunto, at the

{4 Day of the Month of in the Year 1713.

(L. S.) Joh. Briftoll, C. P. S. (L. S.)

(L. S.) Strafford. (L. S.) Mejhager.

Tran flat ion of an Act, explaining the general Terms of the 9th Article of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and re-

lating to the Four Species excepted out of the Tarffi of 1664.

BE it known unto all Men, That whereas in the 9th Article of the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce}

concluded the Day of lipir 1713, between the most SereneQueen of Great Britain, and the most Serene most Christian King, by the Ambassadors Extraordinary, and Plenipotentiaries, of their Majesties, certain Merchandizes, namely, Woollen Manufactures, Sugar, Salt, Fish, and what is produced from Whales, are excepted in general Words from the Rule of the Tariff made the 18th Day of the Month of September, in the Year 1664, in order to be afterwards referred to the Discussion of the Commissaries: To prevent therefore all Mistake and Ambiguity, which might perhaps arise from such general Terms; and to make it more evidently appear what particular Sort of Goods are to come under the Consideration of the aforesaid Commissaries; we the underwritten Ambassadors Extraordinary, and Plenipotentiaries, have declared by these Presents, and do declare. That the Exception of the above-mentioned Merchandizes is to be understood in the manner following:

X*

Whale, cut and prepared, the Fins and the Oils of Whale, shall pay, at all Places of Importation in the Kingdom, the Duties appointed by the Tariff of the 7th of December 1699.

II.

Cloth, Ratins, and Serges, shall be likewise subject to the Duties of the Tariff of the 7th of December 1699; and, in order to facilitate the Trade thereof, it shall be allowed to import them by St. Valery upon the , by Rouen, and by Bourdeaux, where these Goods shall be subject to Vilitation in the same manner as those which are made in the Kingdom.

III.

Salt Fish, in Barrel only, is to be imported into the Kingdom; and at the Ports of the Kingdom, Countries, and Territories, under the Dominion of the King, even at free Ports, the Duties of Landing, and of Consumption, shall be paid, which wereappointed before the Tariff of 1664; and, besides, 40 Livres per Last, consisting of V2 Barrels, weighing each 300 for the Duty of Entry; which Entry shall not be permitted but by St. Vallery upon the Somme, Rouen, Nantx, Libourne, and Bourdeaux and shall remain prohibited at all other Harbours or Ports, as well in the Ocean, as in the Mediterranean.

IV.

v Refined Sugar, in Loaf, or in Powder, White and Brown Candy, shall pay the Duties appointed by the Tariff of 1699.

In Confirmation of which, we the under-written Ambassadors Extraordinary, and Plenipotentiaries, of her most Serene Majesty the Queen of Britain, and of the most Serene most Christian King, have signed and sealed these Presents, at Utrecht, the if Day of in the Year 1713.

(L. S.) Joh. Briftoll, C. P. S. (L. S.) Huxelles,

(L. S.) Strafford. (L. S

Translation of a Treaty of Peace and Friendship between Great Britain and Spain.

Whereas it has pleased the Supreme Ruler of all Things, after a most grievous War, which for so many Years has ravaged almost the whole Christian World with Blood and Slaughter, of his Divine Clemency, to compose the Minds of the Princes engaged in the Dif-«5

pute, and to turn them at length to the Lore of Peace and Concord, after they had been so long agitated with the Contest of Arms: And whereas the most Serene and most Mighty Princess, Anne, by the Grace of God, Queen of Great Britain, &c. {with her ] and the most Serene and most Mighty Prince, Philip the Vth, by the Grace of God, Catholick King of Spain, &c. [with his Titles] wish for nothing more heartily, and endeavour to obtain nothing with greater Earnestness, than that the ancient Bonds of Alliance and Friendship between the British and Spanish Nations should not only be renewed, but also more strongly knit together by fresh Engage-, ments of Amity and interest on both Sides, and transmitted inseparably to all Posterity; in order, at last to finish happily so who!Come, and so very desirable, a Work; they have nominated, on each Side, their Am-bafladors Extraordinary, and Plenipotentiaries, and have instructed them with sufficient Orders; that is to say, the Queen of Great Britain on her Part:

{Here the Ambassadors Extraordinary and

tentiaries, of Great Britain, are to be infer ted.] And the Catholic King on his Part:

{Here are to be inserted the Ambassadors

dinary, and Plenipotentiaries, Spain.]

Which said Ambassadors Extraordinary, and Plenipotentiaries, having thoroughly weighed all Matters and Concerns relating to both Parties, have agreed on, and concluded, the following Conditions of Peace and Friendship:

L

That there be a Christian universal Peace and a per* petual and true Friendship, between the most Serene and most Mighty Princess Anne, Queen of Great Britain, and the most Serene and most Mighty Prince Philip the Vth, Catholick King of Spain, and their Heirs and Successors; and also the Kingdoms, States, Dominions, and Provinces, of both Parties, wheresoever situated, and their Subjects; and that the same be so sincerely preserved and cultivated, that neither Party do, under any Colour whatever, endeavour to attempt any thing to the Destru6tio» or Detriment of the other; or yield any-Aid, by what Name soever it may be called, to those who attempt the fame, or who endeavour to do any Damage; neither may or ought they to help them by any means: On the contrary, their Royal Majesties shall, be obliged, the one to promote the Advantage, Honour, and interest, of the other; and to direct their Counsels to that End with all Care, that by mutual Proof of Friendship, the Peace, which is now made, may daily receive new Additions of Strength.

II.

But whereas the War, which is so happily ended by this Peace, was at the Beginning undertaken, and was carried on for so many Years, with the utmost Force, at immense Charge, and with almost infinite Slaughter, because of the great Danger which threatened the Liberty and Safety of all Europe, by reason of the too dole Conjunction of the Kingdoms of Spain and France: And whereas, to take away all Unealiness and Sul'pieion concerning such a Conjunction out of the Minds of People, and to settle and establish the Peace and Tranquillity of Christendom by an equal Balance of Power, which is the belt and most solid Foundation of a mutual Friendship, and of a Concord, which will be lasting on all Sides; as well the Catholick King, as the most Christian King, have consented, that Care should be taken, by sufficient Precautions, that the Kingdoms of Spain and France should never come and be united under the same Dominion; and that one and the same Person should never become King of both Kingdoms: And, to this End, his Catholick Majesty has for himself, his Heirs and Successors, most solemnly renounced all manner of Right, Title, and Pretension, to the Crown of France, in the Form and Words following:

[Here should come in the Renunciation of the Catholick King1 the Representation on the Part of the Cortez;

and

14 Ann.

Mail.

34*

and the Law made by them; but they are here emitted, being before inserted in the Copy of the Translation of the Treaty of Peace and ship between Great Britain and France.]

And whereas the Princes also of the House of hare, in like manner, for themselves, their Heirs and Success'ors, renounced on their Part all kind of Right, Title, and Pretension, to the Crown of Spain, or to any the Dominions thereof, in the Form and Words following:

tutes of Great Britain, shall ever be acknowledged or Treaties of reputed by him, or by his Heirs and Success'ors, to be Peace at King or Queen of Great Britain. Utrecht, tec,

VI.

The Catholick King doth further promise, as well in his own Name, as in that of his Heirs and Success'ors, that they will not at any time disturb, or molest, the said Queen of Great Britain, her Heirs and Success'ors of the Protestant Line, as aforesaid, being in Post'eflion of the Crown of Great Britain, and the Dominion subject

thereunto; neither will the aforesaid Catholick King, or [Here should come in the Letters Patents of the most any of his Success'ors, give at any time, any Aid, Suc-Christian King; the Renunciation of the Duke ofcour> Favour, orCounl'el, direaiy or indirefitly, by Land,

or by Sea, in Money, Arms, Ammunition, warlike In-struir.ents. Ships, Soldiers, Seamen, or in any other manner whatsoever, to any Person or Persons, whomever, they be, who, on anyCause, or Pretence, should hereafter endeavour to oppose the said Succession, either by open War, or encouraging Sedition, and forming Conspiracies, against such Prince and Princes who are in Post’eflion of the Throne of Great Britain, by virtue of the Acts of Parliament there made, or against that Prince or Princess to whom the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain shall belong, according to the Acts of Parliament, as abovesaid.

Berry, and of the Duke of Orleans'; and the Letters Patents of the Month of December 1700; but that are here likexcise omitted, being also before inserted in the before-mentioned Copy of the Treaty of Peace between Great Britain and France.]

His said Catholick Majesty hereby renews and confirms the most solemn Renunciation above-mentioned made on his Part; and as it has obtained the Force of a general and fundamental Law, he engages again, in the most sacred manner possible, that he will observe, and take care that the same be observed inviolably; and he will likewise use his utmost Diligence, and provide with die greatest Earnestness, that the aforesaid Renunciations may be irrevocably observed, and put in Execution, as well on the Part of Spain, as on the Part of

VTL

That the ordinary Distribution of Justice be restored, and open again, through the Kingdoms and Dominions

France forasmuch as while they subsist in their full Forco, of each of their Royal Majesties; so that it may be free

and arc faithfully kept on both Sides, as also the other Transactions relating thereto, the Crowns of Spain and France will be so foparated and divided from each other, that they can never hereafter be united in one.

III.

for all the Subjects, on both Sides, to prosecute and obtain their Rights, Pretensions, and Actions, according to the Laws, Confutations, and Statutes, of each Kingdom; and especially if there be any Complaints concerning Injuries or Grievances, which have been done

That there be a perpetual Amnesty on both Sides, and contrary to the Tenor of the Treaties, either in time of

Oblivion of all Things, which have been in an bolide manner committed in any Place, or by any Way, on one Side, and on the other, during the late War; so that ucither on account l hereof, nor by reason, or under Pretence, of any other Matter, shall the one any way do, or suffer to be done, any Enmity to the other; or give any Molestation, directy or indirectly, under colour of Right, or by way of Fad.

IV.

All and Angular the Prisoners on each Side, of what State or Condition soever they be, shall, immediately after the Ratification of this present Treaty, be restored to their former Liberty, without any Ransom; paying

Peace, or at the Beginning of the War lately ended, Care shall be taken, that the Damages be forthwith made good, according to the Rule of Justice.

VIII.

That there be a free Use of Navigation and Corrt-merce between the Subjects of each Kingdom, as it was heretofore in time of Peace, and before the Declaration, of this late War, in the Reign of the Second, of

glorious Memory, Catholick King of Spain, according to the Treaties of Friendship, Confederation, and Commerce, which were formerly made between both Nations, according to ancient Customs, Letters Patents, Cedulas, and other particular Acts; and also, accord-

]y. ?lCl!_Dnir!_!lthey m2y have conln'aed durin& ing to the Treaty or Treaties of Commerce, which are

now, or will forthwith be, made And where-

as, among other Conditions of the general Peace, it is by common Consent established, as a chief and fundamental Rule, that the Exercise of Navigation and Coromerfce to the West Indies should remain in the fame

State it was in the time of the aforesaid King Charles the Second; that therefore this Rule may hereafter be observed with inviolable Faith, and in a manner never to be broken; and thereby all Causes of Distrust and

their being Prisoners.

V.

Moreover, for giving a greater and more lading Strengthto the Peacewhich is restored, and to thisFriend-ship which is never to be violated; and for cutting off all Occasions of Distrust, which at anytime arise from the established Right and Order of the Hereditary Succession to the Crown of Great Britain, and the Limitation thereof by the Laws of Great Brit, made and enabled in

the Reign of the late King William the Third, of glorious Suspicion concerning that Matter may be prevented

Memory, and in the Reign of the present Queen, to the Issue of the above-namedQueen, and, in Failure thereof, to the most serene Princess Sophia Electress Dowager of Brunficick, and her Heirs in the Protestant Line of Hanover: That therefore the said Succession may be well and securely preserved, according to the Laws of Great Britain, the Catholick King sincerely and solemnly acknowledges the above-mentionedLimitation of the Succession to the Kingdom of Great Britain; and declares, and engages, on the Faith and Word of a King, and on the Pledge of his, and his Successors, Honour, that the same is, and shall for ever be, approved and accepted by him, and his Heirs and Success'ors; and, under the same Tie of the Word of a King, and his Honour, the Catholick King does promise, That no Person, besides the said QueeR, and her Success'ors, according to the Order of Limitation established by the Laws and Sta-Vol. 17.

and removed; it is especially agreed and concluded, that no Licence, nor any Permtflion at all, shall at any time be given either to the or to any Nation

whatever, in any Nanie, or under any Pretence, directly or indirectly, to fail, to traffick in,' or introduce, Negroes, Goods, Merchandizes, or any Things whatsoever, into the Dominions subject to the Crown of Spain in America, except what may be agreed by the Treaty or Treaties of Commerce abovesaid, and the Rights and Privileges granted i:o a certain Convention, commottly called El Afftenlo de Negros, whereof mention is made in

the 12th Article j except also, whatsoever the said Catholick King, or his Heits or Success'ors, shall promise, by any Contract or Contracts for the Introduction of Negroes into the Spanish West Indies, to be made after that the CsrtventioBj or the AJfitnlo de Negros above-mentioned, shall be determined: And that, by all means

4 S mors

Treaties of Peact at Utrecht, &c«

34a

more strong and full Precautions may be taken, as abovesaid, concerning the Navigation and Commerce to the West Indies, it is hereby further agreed and concluded, that neither the Catholick King, nor any of his Heirs and Successors whatsoever, ilia.il not fell, yield, pawn, transfer, or by any Means, or under any Name, alienate from them, and the Crown of Spain, to the French, or to any other Nation whatever, any Lands, Dominions, or Territories, or any Part thereof, belonging to Spain, in America: On the contrary, that the Spanish Dominions in the West Indies may be preferred whole and entire, the Queen of Great Britain engages, that file will endeavour, and giveAssistanceto the Spaniards, that the ancient Limits of their Dominions in the West Indies be restored and settled, as they flood in the time of the abovesaid Catholick King Charles the Second, if it shall appear, that they have, in any Manner, or under any Pretence, been broke into, and lessened, in any Part, since the Death of the aforesaid Catholick King Charles the Second.

IX.

It is further agreed and concluded, as a general Rule, That all and singular the Subjects of each Kingdom shall, in all Countries and Places on both Sides, have and enjoy, at lead, the same Privileges, Liberties, and Immunities, as to all Duties, Impositions, or Customs, whatsoever, relating to Persons, Goods, and Merchandizes, Ships, Freight, Seamen, Navigation, and Commerce; and shall have the like Favour, in all things, as the Subjects of France, or any other foreign Nation, the most favoured, have, possess, and enjoy, or at any time hereafter may have, possess, or enjoy.

X,

The Catholick King does hereby, for himself, his Heirs and Successors, yield to the Crown of Great Britain, the full and entire Propriety of the Town and Castle of Gibraltar, together with the Port, Fortifications, and Forts, thereunto belonging; and he gives up the said Propriety, to be held and enjoyed, absolutely, with all manner of Right for ever, without any Exception or Impediment whatsoever: But, that Abuses and Frauds may be avoided by importing any Kinds of Goods, the Catholick King wills, and takes it to be understood, that the above-named Propriety be yielded to Great Britain, without any territorial Jurisdiction, and without any open Communication, by Land, with the Country round about: Yet, whereas the Communication, by Sea, with the Coast of Spain, may not, at all times, be safe or open, and thereby it may happen, that the Garison, and other Inhabitants, of Gibraltar, may be brought to great Straits; and as it is the Intention of the Catholick King, only, that fraudulent Importations of Goods should, as is abovesaid, be hindered by a Communication to the Landward; it is therefore provided, that, in such Cases, it may be lawful to purchase, for ready Money, in the neighbouring Territories of Spain, Provisions, and other things, necessary for the Use of the Garison, the Inhabitants, and the Ships, which lie in the Harbour: But if any Goods be found imported by Gibraltar, either by way of Barter for purchasing Provisions, or under any other Pretence, the same shall beconfifcated, and, Complaint being made thereof, those Persons who have acted contrary to the Faith of this Treaty shall be severely punished: And her Britannick Majesty, at the Request

of the Catholick King, does consent and agree. That no Leave shall be given, under any Pretence whatsoever, either to Jczcs or Moors, to relide, or have their Dwellings in, the said Town of Gibraltar-, and that no Refuge, or Shelter, shall be allowed to any Ships

of War in the Harbour of the said Town, whereby the Communication between Spain and Ceuta may be ob-firu&ed, and the Coasts of be infefted by the

Excurflous of the Moors: But whereas Treaties of Friendship, and aLiberty and Intercourse of Commerce, are between the British and certain Territories situated on the Coast of Africa; it is always to be understood, that the British Subjects cannot refuse the , and

16

A. 1713.

their Ships, Entry into the Port of Gibraltar, purely upon the Account of Merchandizing: Her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain does further promise, that the free Exercise of their Religion shall be indulged to the Roman Catholick Inhabitants of the aforesaid Town: And in case it shall hereafter seem meet to the Crown of Great Britain to grant, fell, or by any means to alienate therefrom, the Propriety of the said Town of Gibraltar, it is hereby agreed and concluded, that the Preference of having the same shall always be given to the Crown of Spain, before any others.

XL

Moreover, the Catholick King doth, in like manner, for himself, his Heirs and Successors, yield to the Crown of Great Britain the whole Island of Minorca, and doth transfer thereunto, for ever, all Right and the most absolute Dominion over the said Island; and, in particular, over the Town, Castle, Harbour, and Fortifications, of the Bay of Minorca, commonly called Port Mahon, together with the other Ports, Places, and Towns, situated in the aforesaid Island: But it is provided, as in the above-written Article, That no Refuge, or Shelter, shall be open to any Ships of War of the Moors in Port Mahon, or in any other Port of the said Island of Minorca; whereby the Spanish Coasts may be infefted by their Excursions: And the Moors, and their Ships, shall only be allowed to enter the Island aforesaid on Account of Traffick, according to the Agreement of Treaties: The Queen of Great Britain promises also, on her Part, That if at anytime it shall happen, that the Island of Minorca, and the Ports, Towns, and Places, therein situated, be by any means hereafter alienated from the Crown of her Kingdoms, the Preference shall be given to the Crown of Spain, before any other Nation whatever, of redeeming the Possession and Propriety of the aforesaid Island: Her Royal Majesty of Great Britain moreover engages, That flie will take care, That all the Inhabitants of the said Island, both Ecclesiastical and Secular, shall safely and peaceably enjoy all their Estates and Honours; and also, that such Measures shall be taken for preserving the aforesaid Religion in that Island, as shall not be wholly different from the Civil Government and Laws of Great BritainThey likewise shall en joy their Honours and Estates, who are in the Service of hisCatholick Majesty, although they docontinue in the fame: And it shall be lawful for any Person, who is delirous to leave the said Island, to fell his Eftale, and pass freely over into Spain.

XII.

The Catholick King doth furthermore hereby give and grant to her Britannick Majesty, and to the Company of her Subjects appointed for that Purpose, as well the Subjects of Spain, as all others, being excluded, the Contrafit for introducing Negroes intofeveral Parts of the Dominions of his Catholick Majesty in America, commonly called El Pablo de el de Negros, for the Space of Thirty Years successively, beginning from the First Day of the Month of in the Year 1713, with the same Conditions on which the French enjoyed it, or at any time might or ought to enjoy the fame; together with a TraSt or TraSts of Land, to be allotted by the said Catholick King, and to be granted to the Company aforesaid, commonly called La Compania de el AJftento, in some convenient Place on the River of Plate; no Duties or Revenues being payable by the said Company, on that Account, during the time of the above-mentioned Contract, and no longer: And this Settlement of the said Society, or those Tracts of Land, shall be proper and sufficient for Planting and Sowing, and for feeding Cattjp, for the Subsistence of those who are in the Service of the said Company, and of their Negroes; and that the said Negroes may be there kept in Safety till they are fold; and moreover, That the Ships belonging to the said Company may come close to Land, and be secure from any Danger: But it shall always be lawful for the Catholick King to appoint an Officer in the said Place or Settlement, who may take

care

9® Mail

11 Ann. 9° Mali. 343

care that nothing be done or practised contrary to his Royal Intereffs: And all who manage the Affairs of the faiu Company there, and belong to it, shall be fubie6l to the Inspection of the aforesaid Officer, as to all Matters relating to the Tracts of Land above-mentioned: But if any Doubt, Difficulties, or Controversies, should arise between the said Officer and the Managers for the said Company, they shall be referred to the Determination of the Governor of Buenos Ayres: the Catholick King has been likewise pleased to grant to the said Company several other extraordinary Advantages, which are more fully and am ply explained in the Contract of th which was made and concluded, at Madrid, the 26th Day of the Month of March of this present Year 1713: Which Contract of the AJfientoand all the Clauses, Conditions, Privileges, and Immunities, contained, therein, and which are not contrary to this Article, Are, and shall be deemed and taken to be. Part of this Treaty, in the same manner, as if they had been inserted Word for Word.

xin.

Whereas the Queen of Great Britain has continually pressed, and infilled, with the greatest Earnestness, That all the Inhabitants of the Principality of , of

whatever, State or Condition they may be, (liould not only obtain a full and perpetual Oblivion of all that was done in the late War, and enjoy the entire Possession of all their Estates and Honours, but (liould also have their ancient Privileges preserved safe and untouched; the Catholick King, in Compliance with the said Queen of Great Britain, hereby grants and confirms to all the Inhabitants of Catalonia whatever, not only the Amnesty desired, together with the full Possession of all their Estates and Honours, but also gives and grants to them all the Privileges which the Inhabitants of both CaJlUles, who of all the Spaniards are the most dear to the Catholick King have and enjoy, or may hereafter have and enjoy.

xiv.

And whereas the Catholick King, at the Request also of her Brilannick Majesty, has been pleased to yield the Kingdom of Sicily to his Royal Highness Duke of Savoy, in the Form and Words following:

[Here the Cession of Sicily should be inserted; but that ivas not laid before the

Her Royal Majesty of Great Britain aforesaid promises and engages, that lhe will take great Care, that, in Default of the Heirs Male of the House of Savoy, the Pod! (lion of the aforesaid Kingdom of Sicily shall revert again^to the Crown of Spain: And her abovesaid Royal Britatmick Majesty doth further Consent, that the Kingdom of Sicily may not, under any Pretence, or in any Manner, whatever, be alienated or given to any Prince or State, unless to the Catholick King of Spain, and to his Heirs and Successors: And whereas the Catholick King hath made known to her Royal Britatmick Majesty, that it would be both reasonable in itself, and acceptable to him, that not only the Subjects of the Kingdom of Sicily, although they may reside in the Dominions of Spain, and be in the Service of his said Catholick Majesty; but also the Spaniards, and other Subjects who may perhaps, have Estates and Honours in the aforesaid Kingdom of Sicily-, (liould without any Diminution, entirely enjoy their said Estates and Honours; and should in no ways, under Pretence of personal Absence out of the said Kingdom, be troubled, or disquieted; and whereas the abovesaid Catholick King freely promises Likewise, on his Part, that he will consent, that the Subjects of the said Kingdom of Sicily, and other Subjects t>f his said Royal Highness, if they should chance to have Estates and Honours in Spain, or other the Dominions belonging to Spain, shall in like manner, without any Diminution, entirely enjoy the fame; and that they shall in no-wife be troubled, or diffurbed, under Pretence of personal Absence; therefore her Royal Britan-nick Majesty promises, that (lie will endeavour, and will give instructions to her Ambassadors Extraordinary, and Plenipotentiaries, at Utrecht, that they interpose the most effectual good Offices, that the Catholick King, and his Royal Highness, may mutually agree concern-" VOL. 17.

ing this Matter; and may take care and provide for the same in such manner as shall be most commodious ou both Sides.

XV.

Their Royal Majesties, on both Parts, renew and confirm all Treaties of Peace, Friendship, Confederation, and Commerce, made heretofore, and concluded, between the Crowns of Great Britain and Spain; and the said Treaties are hereby renewed and confirmed, in as full and ample manner as if they were now particularly here inserted; that is to say, as far as they are not found to be contrary to the Treaties of Peace and Commerce which were the lad made and signed: And, especialiy, by this Treaty, those Agreements, Treaties, and Conventions, are confirmed and strengthened, which relate as well to the Exercise of Commerce, and Navigation, in Europe, and elsewhere, as to the Introduction of Negroes into the Spanish West Indies; and which either are already made, or will forthwith be made, between both Nations, at Madrid: And whereas it is insisted, on the Part of Spain, that certain Rights of Fishing, at the Iffand of Newfoundland, belong to the Guipufcoans, or others, Subjects of the Catholick King; her Brilannick Majesty consents and agrees, that all such Privileges as the Guipufcoans, and other People of Spain, are able to make Claim to by Right, shall be allowed and preserved to them.

XVI.

Whereas in the Convention for making a Suspenffon of Arms from the Day of the Month of August last pad, for Four Mouths, between the Queen of Great Britain, and the most Christian King; which the Catho-lick King also approved by his Consent, and does hereby further approve; and which, by another Convention, was prolonged to the of the Month of of this present Year; among other Conditions, it is expressly stipulated, in what Cafes the Ships, Merchandizes, and other Moveables, taken on one iSide, and the other, (liould either become Prizeto the Captor, or be restored to the former Owner: It is therefore agreed, That, in those Cafes, the Conditions of the aforesaid Suspenffon of Arms shall remain in full Force; and all things relating to such Captures, made either in the British and Northern Seas, or elsewhere, shall be well and truly executed, according to the Tenor thereof.

XVII.

But ifit happen through Inadvertency, orlmprudence, or any other Cause, that any Subject of either of their aforesaid Royal Majesties do or commit any thing by Land, Sea, or on fresh Waters, in any Part of the World, whereby this present Treaty be not observed, or whereby any particular Article of the same hath not its Effect, thisPeace, and good Correspondence, between the Queen of Great Britain and the Catholick King shall not therefore be interrupted or broken; but shall remain in its former Strength, Force, and Vigour: And that Subject only shall be answerable for his own Fa&, and shall suffer such Punishment as is inflicted by Law, and according to the Prescriptions of the Law of Nations.

XVIII.

But if (which God forbid) the Disputes, which are composed, should at any time be renewed between their said Royal Majesties, and break out into open War, the Ships, Merchandizes, and Goods, both moveable and immoveable, of the Subjects, on both Sides, which shall be found to be and remain in the Ports and Dominions of the adverse Party, shall not be confiscated, or suffer any Damage; but the Space of Six Months, ort the one Part, and on the other, shall be granted to the said Subjects of each of their said Royal Majesties, in order to their felling the aforesaid Things, and any thing else belonging to their Effects; or carrying away and transporting the same from thence, whitbersoever they please, without any Molestation,

XIX.

In this presentTreaty of Peace shall be comprehended

Solemn

Treaties <*f Peace a Utrecht, &c;

Commercial Treaty with France.

Wines, Itc. imported.

Representations respecting Trade.

African

Trade.

Tubltck

Accounts*

344

p° — 11® Mali.

A. 1713.

XX.

Solemn Ratifications of this present Treaty, and made in due Form, shall be exhibited on both Sides, and reciprocally and duly exchanged, within the Space of to be reckoned from the Day of Signing, or sooner, if possible.

Iu Witness whereof, the Ambassadors extraordinary, and Plenipotentiaries, above named, having exhibited on both Sides, and duly exchanged, their full Powers, have signed this present Treaty, and set their Seals thereunto, the Day of the

Month of in the Year of our Lord 17

The above-written Project of a Treaty, and all and singular the Articles therein contained, are the Conditions of Peace and Friendfiiip which have been agreed and concluded between the most serene Queen of Great Britain and the most serene Catholick King of; and the same being done and settled here, are to be taken for the Conditions of the Peace to be made between the Crowns of Great Britain and; bnt

they are to be transmitted to Utrecht, to be there perfected, and signed in due Form.

In Witness whereof, we the under-written; that is to say, on the Part of the aforesaid Queen of Great Britain, Henry Viscount , One of her Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, Sc. j and, on the Part of the aforesaid Catholick King, IJidore Marquis of Monteleon, Minister Plenipotentiary of the said Catholick King; have signed these Presents with our Hands, and set our Seals thereunto, at Westminster, the -,’T Day of May 1713.

(L. S. i Bolingbroke. . (L. S.) Monteleon.

Resolved., That this House will, on Morning

next, resolve itfelfintoaCominitteeof the whole House, to take into Consideration the Eighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House an Account of the Quantities of Wines and Brandies that have been imported, annually, from the Year 1674, to this time-, difiinguithing the FrcnchW ines and Brandy, and those of other Countries.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations do lay before this House the Representa-tiorsmade to that Board from the Merchants.and several Corporations, of Great Brita, in relation to Trade, w^!le the Gertruydeuberg Treaty was depending, and afterwards; and also the Petitions and Memorials that have been lately laid before the said Commissioners, relating, to the Trade of this Kingdom; and what Directions and Commands they have received from her Majesty thereupon.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for establishing the Trade to Africa free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects of Great Britain, and the Plantations, be read a Second time upon TuesdayMorning next: And that the

African Company be then heard upon their Petition, by their Counsel, if they think fit: And that the Company do then lay before this House their Charter.

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners for taking, examining, and stating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and from the Commissioners for taking, examining, and determining, the Debts due to the Army, Transport Service, and Sick and Wounded; be taken into farther Consideration upon this Day Seven-night.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn:

The'House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yea, } 54.

Tellers for the Noes, j ^Mdwvrth: }'»

So it passed in the Negative.

Refolded, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, proceed upon that Part of the Report from the Commissioners for taking, examining and stating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, which relates to Thomas Earl of IVharlon.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, ii° die;

ia® Ann® Regime, 1713.

Praters.

SIR Gilbert Dolben presented to the House, accord- F.arlof ing to Order, a Bill for veiling the Etlale late of R«n«lagb’» Richard Earl of Ranelagh, at Chelsea and Cranborn, in

the Counties of Middlesexand Berks, in Trustees, to be sold, towards Satisfaction of his Debt to her Majesty, if any such shall appear upon the Determination of the said Earl’s final Account, as he was Pay mailer General of her Majesty’s Forces; and of his other Debts: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Rraceiridge reported from the Committee, to Ellin*’ whom the Bill to give Leave for William El/ins to fur- Bankruptcy, render himselfto a Commission of Bankrupt, for the Benefit of his Creditors, was committed. That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for making the Chapelry of Stockton Stock to# a distinct Parish, was read the Third time. ChapeL

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making the Chapelry of Stockon, in the County of Durham, a distinct Parish.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Eden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Thomas Hanmer reported from the felefti Com- Nary mittee, who were appointed to consider and examine Efmmu. the Estimate for the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1713, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which they had directed him to report to the House'; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where it was read; and ia as follows; viz.

That, in order to examine the First general Head of the Estimate, amounting to £. 31,967 6f. 8 the Committee had Recourse back to the Year 1698; at which time the House of Commons ascertained the Sums severally, upon each Article of the Ordinary of the Navy; and for the Charge of Salaries, Rents of Offices, and Contingencies relating the reunto, voted the particular Sum of £. 24,000: The Commissioners of the Navy, therefore, being required to give an Account in what manner the said Sum of,£. 24,000 was distributed, laid before the Committee an Account, by which it appeared, That, notwithstanding such Appointment by Parliament, the Sum expended in that Year, upon that Head, amounted to £.36,203 16 1 id.

That the Committee proceeded to consider the State of the Expence upon this Article in the Year 1702; at which time not only the Supply voted, but the Demand made for this Service in the Estimate delivered in to the House of Commons, did not exceed the Sum of 24,485

5*. 8 d.: They have compared the Particulars of that Estimate with those calculated for the present Year; and the Difference, or Increase, in what is now demanded, they find to arise from the Articles following;

By

12 Ann.

ii

Mail,

By the Salaries of Two Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty; there being Seven now, and but Five then; though there had been Seven at other times before -

One Surveyor -

Commissioner at Kinfule ——

Deputy Secretary of the Admiralty -

Clerks to the Secretary - -

Clerks to the Cashier, and Accountants to the Paymaster - -

Clerks to the Commissioners of the Navy, for assisting the Comptroller, &c.

Clerks to the Commissioner at Kinfale - -

Salary to the Earl of Weyms, as Vice Admiral of Scotland, and Judge of the Admiralty Court there, in Lieu and Recompence as well for his own Labour, as for Salaries to his Under Officers, and all incident Charges, according to a Warrant, under the Privy Seal, dated the ioth of August, in the 8th Year of her present Majesty’s Reign - -

Wages and Fees to the Rear Admiral - - -

Judge of the Admiralty increased - -

House-rent for Five Commissioners of the Navy, and one at -

House-rent for the A Aidant to the Clerk of the Acts - -

Rent of a House for depositing Accounts and Papers - r - -

Advocate General increased - -

Counsellorof the Navy, in lieu of Fees -

A Aidant to the Comptroller ——

AAidant to the MeAenger ——

A Gardener increased ——

Two Watchmen to the Admiralty OAice - - - . - -

Under Moflenger to the Navy OAice -

Two Watchmen attending the Navy Office ——

Keeper of the House, for Accounts and Papers belonging to the Navy Office -

Exchequer Fees, Sc. paid by the Treasurer of the Navy -

345

l *. d

2,000 — -

JOO -

ZOO — -

6oo — — -480 — — 130 — — 320 — — 80 — —

1,000 -

37°

400

45° 50 80 too So 400

*5

10

54

20

7

48

18

4 3

11 6

5 —

£. 7,823 — 9

That there is also, in the Charge of the Yards, an Augmentation of Expence upon the present Estimate, over and above what was contained in that of 1702, arising from the Particulars following;

Chatham Yard.

The Porter, for Care of the W atch -

Housekeeper of the Pay-house -

And for keeping a Maid ——

Reward for killing Rats ——

Placing Polls to Transport Ships ——

Deptford Yard.

Rent of a Bargehouse -

blinider, besides his Groats ——

Repairing Water Engines -

Allowance to John Daniell -

Woolwich Yard.

Rent at Ham Creek increased ——

Killing Rats - - - - _ - -

Minister, besides his Groats - -

Repair of Water Engines -

Plymouth Yard.

Rent for Point Froward increased - -

To the Rector of the PariAi, for Damage ——

Yard. The Total -

Kingsale Yard. The Total -

62 — 30-----

15-----

4-----

20 — —

21 13 5

5 5 —

3* 5 —

5 — "

21 13 5 8 10 —

80 ——

5 ——

593 10 —

1,147 10 —

2,006 8 10

That the Committee were acquainted. That Orders have been already sent for reducing the Two last mentioned Yards of Harwich and Kingsale: So that the Charge of them will soon cease; except that a Storekeeper mult (till be kept at each Place.

The Article of the OAieers of the Out Ports is higher in the present Establishment than in

1702, by the following Particulars;

At Deal.

Muder-master and Store-keeper increased - - . - - - - - 60 — —

New England.

Surveyor of her Majesty’s Woods increased - - - 150 — —

Eefides the former Salary; which, as well as the Increase, is acknowledged to be useless 50 — —

Kingsale.

Refitting the Lord Inchiequien's Boat .- - - - - 5 "" —

L.ijbon.

The whole Charge - - - 1,15° — —

Port Mahon.

The whole Charge -- ----- ----- - *>050 — —

Leith.

The whole Charge ——

£♦2,515 — —

Vol. 17- 4T That

346 119 Mail 1713*

Vw That the Committee was also acquainted, That the Officers are recalled from the Three last-titiiuate. mentioned Places of Lisbon, Port Mahon, and Leith: So that the Charge of them will cease before the End of this Year.

That, under the Head of superannuated Sea Officers, there is one Captain Rober. Robinson, who, being entitled to the Half Pay only of a Captain of a 2d Rate Man of War, receives £219 per Annum; which exceeds the Half Pay upon the present Establishment by -

In the Lift of Pensions and Allowances,

John Fournier, under the Title of Master Builder of the Bomb Vessels, receives per Annum -That, upon Examination, it appears. That he never had any thing to do with the Building of Bomb Vessels, nor ever performed any other Service, though he has received this Pension ever since the 25th of March 1689.

Pi ere Gaudy, without any Consideration expressed in his Warrant, receives -

John Marets^who had only been a French Sea Officer, has £30 upon his own Account, and £30 more, which his Brother Wm. Marets did enjoy; but, going into Holland, Wm. furren-dered, and made over, his Pension to his Brother John ....

Mr. Sayer, in Trust for Mrs. Salisbury ....

Mr. Sayerbeing now dead, the Commissioners of the Navy declare. They look upon themselves to

be obliged to make no more Payments of this Pension, unless her Majesty renews her Orders for it. Allowances to Three late Superintendants, at Chatham, Portsm»uth, and Plymouth.

£ s‘ d' *3 S —

70 ——

60 — —

200 — —

75° ——

£ 1,280 ——

These Officers were but lately erected, continued but a little time, and are now reduced: They were Sea Officers, and will be entitled to their Half Pay as such.

Besides the above-mentioned Particulars, the Committee have taken notice. That there are many Pensions upon this Lift which were granted before her Majesty’s Accession to the Crown,

And for which the Warrants have not been renewed since: The whole of that Number amounts to 2,872 17 6

That upon the Four remaining Heads of the Estimate; viz.

Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary, Harbour Victuals, Harbour Moorings, and ordinary Repairs, Sic. the Commissioners of the Navy did declare to the Committee, That they were calculated upon a View and Supposition of about 10,000 Men being granted for the Sea Service:

But, the House having voted 30,000 Men for the First Six Months, they did agree. There might be an Abatement upon those several Articles: Which they proposed in the following Proportions; viz.

For Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary ..... 4,129 9 t

Harbour Victuals .....1,715 To —

Hatbour Moorings.....6,120 ——

Ordinary Repairs, Sic. -- ----- -- - 2,640 ——

I- 14,604 19 1

That the Comipittee endeavoured to inform themselves, whether any of the extraordinary Clerks, which have been added, during this War, in the several Offices, might be reduced and (pared in this Year’s Service; but it has been represented to them, That in the Navy Office, and Pay Office, the Business and Employments for their Clerks, will, for a Year or Two to come, be rather increased than diminished: The Board of Admiralty only did give in a Scheme for retrenching the Salaries of Clerks in their Office, to commence from Midsummer next; by which there will befaved £.600 per Annum-, which is about a Third of the present Charge.

That, pursuant to the Order of the House, the Committee have further examined into what extraordinary Sums of Money have been directed, or paid, to any Persons, over and above what hath been allowed to them in virtue of their Offices, upon the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy; and do find,

A Warrant dated the 13th of 1710, and directed to Robert Walpole Esquire, then Treasurer of the Navy; for the Payment of £.2,000per Annum to the Earl of

Orford, then One of the Lords of the Admiralty; the Consideration expressed being, for the good and acceptable Services by him performed since the 8th of November preceding; when he was put into that Commission:

That Mr. Walpole, who produced the Copy of this War ant. to the Committee, informed them, That the Lord Orford had been declared by her Majesty Lord High Admiral, and had the Honour to kiss her Majesty’s Hand for the fame: That his Lordship excused himfcll'from taking the Weight of that great Oilice upon him, and recommended to her Majesty Four Gentlemen, tube made Commissioners with him, with a Salary of £1,000per Annum each; which left a Salary of £.^,000 per Annum to his Lordlliip: That about Six

Months after, he, the said Mr. Walpole, received the Warrant for paying to the said Earl £2,000 additional to the Salary of £.1,000 per Annum, settled upon the Ordinary of the Navy: that he paid his Lordlliip the said £2000 accordingly, out of Money arising from Old Stores; he having no other Navy-money at that time in his Hands at Liberty.

A Warrant, dated *7 July 1710, and directed also to Robert Walpole Esquire, then Treasurer of the Navy, for the Payment of £i,oooo per Annum to Henry Priefiman Esquire, in Consideration, as it is expressed, of his long and faithful Services:

That Mr. Walpole, upon this Warrant, acquainted the Committee, That Mr. Priejlman had no Employment at that time: but that this Allowance was given him as a Pension; which was paid also out of Money arising from Old Stores.

A Warrant, dated 27 November 1712, and directed to the principal Officers and Conimflioners of the Navy, for the Payment of £.2000 per Annum to Thomas Earl of Strafford; in Consideration, as it is expressed, of the good and acceptable Services by him performed, and to be performed, as First Commissioner of the Admiralty; and reciting the like Allowance which had be en made before to Edward Earl of Orford:

That the Commissioners of the Navy acquainted the Committee, That, in pursuance of this Warrant, £. 1,000, due at Lady-day lull, had already been paid to the Earl of Strafford out of Money arising from Old Stores.

That the Committee required the Auditors of the Imprefts to lay before them an Account of all extraordinary Allowances which have been made to any Treasurer of the Navy, upon Accounts passed since the Year 1697; and by a Return from them, the following Particulars do appear;

12 Ann. i i0 — 12°

To the Executors of Sir Edzoard Seymour, by Lord Treasurer’s Warrant, dated 3d 1710,

lor f ecs and Charges in passing his Accounts, Privy Seals, ——

To the Lord Orford, upon his Lordship’s final Account, ending the 17 November 1609; viz. For Clerks employed by him in receiving and paying Money reiiing in his Hands, or ifi'ued to him after he left his Employment; by Warrant of the late Lord Treasurer, dated 27 Jims 1704 More, for Clerks employed in making up his Account; and for the Charges in passing the m; and for Loss by Guineas, and over and double Payments; £.1,925 7 9 and for a Gratuity

to Mr. Dodington, for his Pains and Attendance about the said Accounts, £.1,500: In both, by

the late Lord Treasurer’s Warrant, dated 26 May 1707 -

For Loss by short and bad Money, in taking it by Content at the Exchequer, without telling it; being necessitated thereto for the Dispatch of the Service, in the Years 1690, 1691, and 1692; by Warrant of the Lords of the Treasury, dated 31 December 1692.

347

£. s. d. 924 6 3

2,471 19 ioi

3>425 7 9

226 ——

1

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Petition of the Merchants of the City of London trading to Italy, and other Parts of the in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Italian Trade has always been deemed beneficial to the Kingdom, by taking otf yearly great Quantities of Fish, Copperas, Lead Ore, Tin, Lead, Pepper, Woollen Manufacture, Sic.; in Return of which is received from Italy about 2,000 Tuns of Wines, and the Remainder in useful Commodities, proper for our own Manufactures: That the Ad million of French Wines, paying the same Duty as those from Italy, will be an actual Prohibition of the latter; which, by Difference of Distance, must pay larger Freight, have greater Leakage, and other incident Charges, in proportion to the Distance: That it will also be a Discouragernent to Navigation, by reason Trade to France will be carried on with small Vessels; v'ho, even in proportion to the Burthen, will fail with Half the Men bbips for the Mediterranean are forced to carry: And praying, That, if any Alteration be made in the Duties on French Wines, it may be such only as may, in some measure, set the Italian Trade on an equal Footing with the Traders for France, in proportion to the First Cost of Wines, Difference of Risque, Freight, and other Charges.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to suspend, for Two Months, the Duties of Twenty-five Pounds per Tun on French Wines imported, is committed.

£.300 lent to Tanner 20 Years ago, are advised, they are not fuflficiently provided for by the said Bill: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee, if they think fit.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Way# Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of and M«an*. Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move, That they may Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, \T die Mail;

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bay-makers, Perpetuana-makers, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Colchester, in the County of was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That the Trade to Spain and Portugal has been always beneficial to the Kingdom, by taking off great Quantities of Woollen Goods, and particularly the Manufactures of that Corporation; in return of which, great Quantities of Wines, and Species of Gold and Silver, have been imported: That, if the Duties on the Spanish and Portugal Wines be not lowered in proportion to the French Wines, it will destroy the Trade of that Corporation, which employs many Thou funds of Pool-; and Spain and Portugal, finding no Vent for their Wines with us, will have Icfs of our Manufactures; of which the French never took any Quantities: And praying, That the House will consider their same before they lower the Duties on French Wines.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to suspend, for Two Months, the Duties of Twenty-five Pounds per Tun on French Wines imported, is committed.

12* Anns Reginae, 1713.

Pratees.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Charlton for the Exchange of the Parsonage-house in Chari-ton, in Kent, and Close thereto adjoining, in lieu of an- ou e‘

other House, and Lands there, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Smith, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Aldworth, Sir Geo. N Mr. Newland,

Mr. Heysham, Sir G. Palmer, Sir Tho. Wroth, Mr. Peyton, Colonel Berkley, Mr. Cnrzon, Mr. Craigs, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Palmes, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Tho. Gery,

Mr. Harris, Colonel Palmer, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Duncomb,

Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Rowney, Mr. North, Mr.

Mr. Lewes, Mr. Heme, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Rudge, Mr.

Gould, Mr. Worth, Sir Tho. Powell, Mr. Medlycot, Lord Harris, Mr. Milbourne. Mr. Hart, Lord Harley, Mr.

Harley, Sir Richard Onforv, Mr. Lord Downe,

Mr. Onslow, Colonel Cage, Sir Arthur Mr. Shuttle-

worth, Mr. Barloza, Mr. Ever afield, Mr. Vaughan: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of John Cafar Clerk, and Rebecca his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there being a Bill depending in the House for veiling the Estate late of John Tanner Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts; and the Petitioners, being Creditors by Judgment for

Vol. 17.

Sir Thomas Powys presented to the House, according Publication to Order, a Bill to prevent the Printing and Publishing of of Libel*, blasphemous, treasonable, seditions, and scandalous Books and Libels, and for the better Regulating of the Press: And the same was received; and read th?

First time.

Resolved,

Ease of Sheriffs.

Fines on Lands in Wales,

FJeflions — ascertaining Freeholds of 40s.

Duties on

French

Wines.

Ditto.

348 12° Mail. A. 1713.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Belafufepresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for the ease of Sheriffs in the Execution of their Offices, and in passing their Accounts: And the same was received; and read the Firli time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Right honourable the Lady Anne Vaughan, foie Daughter and Heir, and also residuary Legatee, of her late Father Joint Lord Vaughan, and Earl of Carbery, deceased, was presented to the House, and

read; felting forth, That the Petitioner is informed, That the Prae and Poll Fines in South have been usually leased by the Crown at f. 134 4V. Rent, there never having been Commissioners in for compounding Fines: That the said Lease was originally purchased by the Petitioner’s Grandfather, or Great Grandfather; and hath been since often renewed: That the Profits arising thereby are no more than other Tenants of the Crown, in proportion enjoy: That the Petitioner’s Officers do not exact unreasonable Sums on Compositions of Fines; but that the Profits arising by the said Lease is reasonable and moderate: That if the Bill, depending in the House, intituled, A Bill for the more easy Compounding of Fines and Poll Fines, to be levied of I,ands in the Principality of should pass, the

Petitioner will not only lose the Benefit of her Lease, but be obliged to continue Tenant to the Crown for about 27 Years, at above £. 60Lofs every Year: And praying to be heard, by her Count'd, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

The House being moved, That the Second Clause in the Act, of the last Session, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament, might be read;

The same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain the Clause in the said Act, as far as the same relates to the ascertaining the Value of Freeholds of 40*. per Annum: And that Mr. Mr. Finch, the Lord Viscount Dozcne, Sir Arthur Kay, and Sir George Warburlon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Bay-makers, and others concerned in the working up the Woollen Manufacture, in the Towns of With am and Caggijhaand Places adjacent,

in the County of EJ)ex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Consumption of the Petitioners Manufacture depends on the Trade to Spain and Portugal: That, if the Duties on French Wines be lowered it will ruin that Trade, and bring the Petitioners, and many Thousands depending thereon, to Want: And praying the Consideration of the House; and that their Trade may he encouraged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to suspend, for Two Months, the Dut iesof /.25 per Tun on French Wines imported, is committed.

A Petition of the Dyers, Packers, Cloth-workers, Setters, and Callenders, of the City of and Paris

adjacent, and many others concerned in the Woollen Manufactures, was presented, and read; letting Forth, That if the Duties on French Wines be lowered, it will discourage the Spani/k and Portugal Trades, and thereby prejudice the Woollen Trade; in Dyeing, and fully Manufacturing, of which, the Petitioners Trade con-fists: And praying the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, 'ihat the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to suspend for Two Months, the Duties of £25 per Tun on French Wines imported, is committed,

18

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Say -makers, and Duties on others concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, in the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, was pre- n fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trade to Spain, Portugal, and Legliorne, has always been very beneficial to this Kingdom, by taking off large Quantities of Woollen Goods, and particularly the Manufacture of this Borough; in Return of which, great Quantities of Wine and Bullion have been imported:

That the Petitioners apprehend, That in case the Wines imported from Spain, Portugal, and Iwghorne, are not lowered in proportion to those of France, it will prevent large Quantities of their Manufactures from being exported to the said Places; to the Ruin of many Thousand Families: And praying. That their same may be considered; and that they may have l’ueh Relief as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to suspend, for Two Months, the Duties of Twenty-five Pounds per Tun on French Wines imported, is committed.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Waysani Committee of the whole House, who were to consider Wedn4> farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, were continued for One Year, until the 24th Day of June 1713, be farther continued,'and charge d upon all Malt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of Jun 1713 to the 24th Day of June 1714.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the said Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Duties on Malt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, were continued for One Year; until the 24th Day of June 1713, be farther continued,

and charged upon all Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

within the Kingdom of Great , from the 23d

Day of June 1713 to the 24th Day of June 1714.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Thomas Powys, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Treaty House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, The ^Orllo-'< Treaty with Portugal, of the 27th of December 1703; , 3* and a Translation of it:

And the Tran flat ion was read; and is as followet h; viz. PETER, by the Grace of God, King of Portugal and the Algarves, on both Sides the Sea, in Africa;

Lord of Guinea, of the Conquest, Navigation, and Commerce, of Ethiopia, Arabia, Persia, and India, To all and Angular who shall fee these our Letters we make known, and declare, That, between our Plenipotentiary, Emmanuel TelPJius Silvias Marquis of One of

our Chief Gentlemen of the Bedchamber, and Counsellor of State, on our Part, and John Methuen, the Queen of Great Britain's Ambuffador Extraordinary to us, on the other, on the 27th December the lall Year,aTreaty was made and signed, in the following Words;

Whereas the Alliance, and lirirt Friendship, which fub-fists between the most Setene and Potent Princess, the Lady Anne, Queen of Great Britain, requires. That the Commerce between either Nation, of Portugal and Britain, may be encouraged as much as conveniently may be; and that her Sacred Royal Majesty-of Britain

ii Ann. ia° Mail. 349

has signified to his Sacred Royal Majesty of Portugal, by the most Excellent John Methuen Esquire, a Member of her Parliament of England, and her Ambassador Extraordinary in Portugal, That it would be very acceptable to her, if the Cloth, and other Woollen Manufactures, of Britain, might be admitted into Portugal, and their Prohibition taken off: In order to the treating of this Matter, their full Powers and Commands were given by his Sacred Royal Majesty of Portugal, to the most Excellent Lord Emanuel Marquis

of Allegrete, Count of Villar Major, of the Order of Knighthood of Chrifi, Commendary of St. John de grete and Trapc/cs de Soure, and in the College of the Avienfii, Commendary of St. "John de Moura and St. Mary de Albufeira, President of the Council of the

Treasury, One of the Chief Gentlemen of the Bedchamber, and Council of State, to his Sacred Royal Majesty of Portugal, and by her Sacred Royal Majesty of Great Britain, to the above-mentioned most Excellent Lord John Methuen; who, by virtue of the full Powers to them respectively granted, having maturely and carefully debated this Matter, agreed upon the following Articles relating the reunto:

Article ift.

The King of Portugal promises for himself and Successors, That Woolf n Cloths, and all other Woollen Mamifafltties, of Great Britain, shall, in all times, be permitted to be imported into Portugal, in the same manner as they were before they were prohibited by the Pragma!ick Sanctions; but nevertheless under the following Conditions:

Article 2d.

That is to say, That the Queen of Great Britain shall, in her own Name, and that of her Successors, promise. That the Wines of the Growth of shall, in all

times to come, be imported into Great Britain: so that, w hether there be Peace or War between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and France, no other Duty shall be laid, directly or indirectly, upon the said Wines, than what shall be laid upon the like Quantity or Measure of French Wine; a Third Part being deducted of the said Custom or Duty1 by whatever Sort of Vessels those Wines may be imported into Great Britain: That if at any time hereafter any Diminution shall be made of these Duties, in Derogation to this Agreement, it shall then be lawful for the King of Portugal again to prohibit the Woollen Manufactures of Great Britain. Article 3d.

The most Excellent Lords Plenipotentiaries do promise and undertake, That their above-named Mailers will ratify this Treaty; and that the Ratifications shall be exchanged in Two Months.

In WitnessandTeftimony whereof, I the Plenipotentiary of his Sacred Royal Majesty of Portugal have signed this Treaty with my Hand, and hereunto affixed my Seal of Arms: And the most Excellent Lord Plenipotentiary of her Sacred Royal Majesty of Great Britain, to avoid the Dispute there is about the Priority of Place between the Crowns of Portugal and Britain, has signed another of the same Tenor, those Alterations only being made that were proper upon this Account. Given at Lisbon, the 27th Day of December in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven hundred and Three.

(L. S.) The Marquis of Alegrete.

Which Treaty being by us maturely weighed and considered, we have approved all and Angular the Contents thereof; and the same have ratified and confirmed, as for ourselves, and our Heirs and Successors, we do approve and ratify the fame; promising and engaging, upon our Royal Word, That we will fulfil and observe the same fiucerely and faithfully; nor will we suffer any one to violate it, in the Whole, or in Part. In Witness whereof, we have ordered these Letters of Ratification to be made forth; which are subscribed with our Hand, and sealed with our Arms, at Lisbon, the 2d Day of May. Anthony de Oliveira de Cavajle wrote this, in

Vol. 17.

the Year of our Lord Seventeen hundred and Four.

Anthony Bishop of Elvas subscribed it.

Peter R.

Ordered, That the said Treaty do lie upon the Table.

the House being informed, That Mr. Pinder, De- African puty Governor of the Royal African Company, attend- CLarur. ed, with their Charter;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House the said Charter.

And then he withdrew’.

Ordered, That the said Charter dolieupon the Table.

A Petition of several Tradesmen, Artificers, Work- African men, and others, employed in the Woollen and other Trad*. Manufactures, and Sliipping, and Navigation, of this Kingdom, on the Behalf of themselves, and many Thousands others concerned therein, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Royal African Company, while they solely enjoyed the Benefit of the Trade to Africa, did greatly improve the fame, and exported great Quantities of Woollen and other Manufactures: That, the Company, and their Creditors, being united, they are enabled to carry it on to the highest Improvement; which must decline, if laid open:

And praying, That the Company may enjoy the Benefit of the said Trade

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Duties on night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, French upon the Bill to suspend, fcforTwo Months, the Duties Wines, of Twenty-five Pounds per Tun on French Wines imported.

Then the Counsel were called in, to be heard upon African the Bill for establishing the Trade to Africa free and Trade, open to all her Majesty’s Subjects of Great Britain, and the Plantations:

And the same was read a Second time.

And the Petition of the Royal African Company was read:

And the Counsel for them were heard thereupon:

And they praying, That the Charter granting to the Company the Territories and Lands in Africa, and Trade thither, might be read;

The Counsel of the other Side admitted such Charter.

Then the Counsel for the Company producing the Deed of Union of the Company and their Creditors, pursuant to the Act of Parliament, of the last Session, dated the 2 2d of July 1712; And praying the same might be read;

Which the Counsel of the other Side opposing;

The Counsel on both Sides were heard, touching the fame.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Deed of Union be read.

And then the Counsel were called in again: and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them with the said Order:

And the Deed of Union was read; and other Evidence was given:

And the Counsel on both Sides were farther heard.

And then they withdrew.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,[ Mr

Tellers for the Noes, m,’ Dockm ] <6-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-

4 U nigh

Stourton

Manor.

Committees.

Charlton

Parsonage-

House.

Election? in Scotland.

Brownlow’s

Estate.

Wrey’s

Estate.

350 12 — 130 — 140 Mail . 1713*

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

frnm ' I *+ ... I . , ..... — > I, ».

Mercurii, 130 die Matt;

12* Ann® Regin®, 17x3.

Praye r s.

ABILL for divesting the Crown of the Remainder, in Fee-Ample, of and in the Manor and Advowson of Stourton, in the County of and several Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the same Manor belonging, expectant on certain Estates Tail; and for veiling the same in other Persons therein named, to the Intent the same may be barred by proper Methods in Law, for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Tho. Gen/, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. North, Mr. Millington, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Jennings, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Milbourne, Mr. Sir Tho. Poivell, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Orchard, WLr.

Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Lawson, Sir Wm. Boughton, Mr.

Harris, Mr. Johnson, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Gape, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Vincent, Colonel Codrington, Mr. Phe-lipps. Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Earl, Sir Jeffrey Palmer,

Mr. Rudge, Mr. Quick, Colonel Mr. Lloyd, Mr.

Serjeant Girdler, Sir Tho. Wroth, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Gould, Sir Pat. Johnson, Mr. Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Turner, Mr. Aldtoorth, Sir Richard How, Mr. Bangham, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Cholmeley, Mr. Man-

ley, Mr. Murray, Sir Gilbert Dolbenand all that serve for the County of Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in tire Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That General Hill, Mr. Sir Tho.

Cave, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Plumtree, Mr. Chapman, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Exchange of the Parsonage-house in Charlton in Kent, and Close thereto adjoining, in lieu of another House and Lands there, is committed.

A Bill for the better regulating the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That this House will upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon, the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming Articles, and vetting the Manor of Kirby Underwood, in the County of Lin-coins, and other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, thereby agreed to be sold, iu Trustees, for raising Monies to discharge the Debts of Sir John deceased,

and his Daughters, Portions.; and other Purposes in the said Articles mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for confirming Articles, and vetting the Manor of Kirby Underwood, in the County of Lincoln, and-other Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments thereby agreed to be sold, in Trustees, for raising Monies to discharge the Debts of Sir John BrowiUozo Barouet, deceased, and his Daughters Portions; and other Purposes in the said Articles mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. North do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An- ingrossed Bill to enable Trustees to fell some Out-parts of the Estate of Sir Bourchier Baronet, i« the County of Devon, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act to enable Trustees to fell some Out-parts of

‘ 23

the Estate of Sir Bourchier Wrey Baronet, in the County of Devon, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Vycyan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That Ihe will be pleased to direct the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty to inquire into the Number and Quality of the Forces in her Majesty’s Pay in Spain and Portugal; and to examine the State of the Payments and Accounts relating to the said Forces, and to the Garisons and Fortifications of and

Mahon; and also the Accounts of the Agent Victualers, and Corumiffaries of Stores, in those Parts; to lay before this House an Account of their Proceedings.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s mofi honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Conyers presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to her Majesty Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1713: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to some Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that lie was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 14.0 die Mail:

12* Ann® Regin®, 1713.

Phayebs.

AB t L L for repairing the Highways from London to the farthermost Part of Endfiela, adjoining to the Pari fli of Chefnint, in the County of Hertford, vvas read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Freman, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Goulfon, Mr. Vernon, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Cook, Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr. Levins, Mr. Monckton, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Crojfe,

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Bayly, Mr. Heyfiam,

Sir Jof Jekyll, Mr. Blackmore, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr.

Gould, Mr. Bertie, Colonel B, Mr. Wyld, Sir Richard Onfloiv, Mr. Foley, Mr. Curzon, Sir Davers,

Sir Ja. Rif tout. Sir James Bateman, Mr. Gore, Mr. Brydges, Mr. Herbert, Sir John Cafe, Mr. Sir

Arthur Kay, Lord Down, Mr. Ward, Mr. Berkeley, Captain Dyott, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Mr. On-

fozv, Mr. Herne, Mr. Hopkins, Lord Harley, Lord Finch, Mr. Finch, Mr. Harley, % \r Roger BradshaighfX r.

Vincent,

Forces in Spain, &c.

Supply Bill; Malt Duntf.

Supply.

Ways and Mcdhfe

Endfield

Roads.

12 Ann.

i 4° Mail.

35i

Vincent, Mr. Quick, Sir Richard Vyvyan, Mr, Bramfon, Mi*. Conyers, Mr. Shuttleworih: Add they are to

meet this Afternoon at Fire a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Duties on French Wines.

A Petition of the Bay-makers, and others concerned in and working up, the Woollen Manufacture, in the Town of Booking, Braintree, Dunmow, and in

the County of Ejftx, was presented to the- House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners finding a Bill depending to lower the Duties on French Wines, apprehend it will lessen the Import of Wines from Portugal; and incapacitate its Subjects from taking off the Woollen Manufactures of the said Towns } they being solely exported to Portugal; to the Ruin of many Thousand Fa*

milies depending on the said Trade: And praying, That their same may be considered, and Encouragement given to their Trade.

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to suspend, for Two Months, the Duties of Twenty-five Pounds per Tun on French Wines imported, is committed.

a?1 Ci°ih Mr. Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom J Jnu d ure‘ the Petition of William Smith senior, Walter Stewart, and Thomas Shefford, in behalf of themselves, and other Manufacturers of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows;

That the Committee had, in pursuance of the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition, and find the same to be as follows; viz.

That by Two several Acts of Parliament; viz. 7° ct 8’* fVillielmillV1, Chapter the iotb. Sec. 14th; and 70

el l'c Willielmi III11, Cap. 39 % Seel. 2d; Encouragement was given for making the said Manufactures in England, by obliging the Commissioners of the Navy to give Preference to all such as should be found fit for that Service; allowing id. per Yard more than for foreign Sail Cloth, though of equal Goodness; and also, by permitting Englishi Sail Cloth to be exported Custom free.

That to prove great Quantities of Sail Cloth are made in Great Britain-, the great Number of Poor h employs; and the Goodness of it;

Captain Smith said, That he and his Son employed 5 or 6,ooood Persons in Middlesex, Berks, and -

shire, in making the said Manufacture, when in full Work: That the Commissioners of the Navy, in One Year, contracted for a8,ooood Pieces, or Bolts, of Sail Cloth, whereof Mr. Smith said he furnished u,ooood; and that to perform the whole Contract might employ above io, ooood Hands; the mere Manufacturing of each Piece, or Bolt, amounting to- upwards of 28r. and Freight of Flax to near 5:

That the Commissioners of the Navy have used our British Sari Cloth for many Years, pursuant to the said Acts, without any Complaint; and they have bought no foreign, except i,ooood Pieces, or Bolts, which were used for mending old Sails: That, foreign Canvas being 30 Inches broad, and oars bat 24, the Merchants generally make use thereof; and the Petitioners now make it of the same Goodness, and Breadth, as foreign Sail Cloth:

That, the War being now at an End, the Encouragement given by the said Acts is greatly diminished; and Mr. Smith said, that he has turned off Two-thirds of the Hands employed in the said Manufacture, for want of Work; and that it is likely to be wholly loft to this Nation, if not timely encouraged by Parliament.

That Foreigners can afford to make and sell their Sail Cloth cheaper here than the British Manufacturers, though of equal Goodness; for that Foreigners pay little or no Duty' for the Materials wherewith they make it.

That a Bolt of Foreign Sail Cloth pays but 3*. id. Duty upon Importation; and draws back about is. 6£rf.; and the Freight costs not above 5 per Piece: Whereas rood Weight of Flax, which will make a Bolt of English Sail Cloth, of 36 Yards, pays about 3s. id. Duty; Vol, 17.

draws back nothing on Exportation; and pays near 5;. Freight.

Mr. Samuel Holding, Merchant: That in February 1711, be fold Mr. Smith a whole Ship’s Lading of Flax, imported here at 4$. 1 id. perC. Weight: That, before the War, great Quantities of Our Woollen Manufactures were exported; the Returns Ivbereof Were mostly Flax: That -fds of the Flax imported has been used in making British Sail Cloth; but if Ehcouragement be not given thereto, there will not be One Third Of the inferior Sort of Flax imported.

Mr. Steioart and Mr. Rayner said, That North Britain employs about 5,000 Hands in making Sail Cloth, as they verily believe: and that great Quantities thereof are all'o made iti Kent, Lancashire, Somerfeshire, Dorsetshire, and other Counties of this Kingdom,

That the Commissioners of the Navy attended the Committee, and said, That, in pursuance of the said Acts of Parliament, they, for several Years, hate used the British Sail Cloth; and that their Officers have from time to time viewed it, and reported it fit for her Majesty’s Service: And although, when it was iu its Infancy, it did not give full Satisfaction; yet, since, the same has been greatly improved, and no Complaints have been made thereof.

That the Commissioners of the Customs also attended the Committee, and laid before them an Account of the several Duties payable on rough Hemp, undressed Flax, and Holland's Duck; with the net Duties repaid upon exporting the fame; viz.

Gross

One C. Weight rough Hemp -

of

One C. Weight of undressed Flax - -

120 Ells of Holland Duck -

Net

Duties. Duties. Exportation.

£. s. d £. s. d. £. s. d.

0 28 O 1 6^5 0 2 4W

0 3 4 0 3 0 2 SA

0 14 2 0 13 O XO IOrV

Drawback on

in to the Committee an Account iliewing the Quantities of Flax undressed, and Hemp rough, imported into London, and the Out Ports, in Three Years, from 1708, to Christmas 1711; viz.

Flax-

Hemp

From Christmas 1708 to Christmas 1709. To Christmas 1710. To Christmas 17 U.

C. Qrs. lb. C. Qrs. lb. C Qrs. lb.

22,501 I 14 4°r754 — 3°>957 — *3

167,006 I 7 90,93° — II 123,501 — 16

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the Whole House, who are to coreftder further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, wh6 were to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Ten thousand Men be allowed for the Sea Service, for the last Seven Months of the Year 1713.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds a Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Ten thousand Men, for the said Seven Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

3. ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £. 100,000, be allowed for the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1713.

The

35a

140 M

A. 1713.

Half-Pay Estimate.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties.

Limiting Officers in the House.

The First and Second Kefolntions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Rejelved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum not exceeding ^.200,000, be allowed for the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1713.

Re/blved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That Ihe will be pleased to direct, That an Estimate of the Half Pay for the Officers and Chaplains that have served well by Sea in this War, and shall not be employed in time of Peace, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Bill for granting to her Majesty Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1713, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refulved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons, be now read a Second time;

The House divided.

Representations re spefling Trade.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ^r‘

Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Onj:

Mr. Bruce,

}3,

2l6.

s’ { Mr. Barlow:

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time. Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Mr. Monckton, from the Lords Commissioners of

Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, according to Order, the Representations made to that Board, from the Merchants, and several Corporations, of Great Britain, in relation to Trade, while the Gertruydenberg Treaty was depending, and afterwards; and also the Petitions and Memorials that have been lately laid before the said Commissioners, relating to the Trade of this Kingdom; and what Directions and Commands they have received from her Majesty thereupon; with a List of the said Papers; and also the Commissioners Answer to the said Order, referring to the several Representations, Petitions, and Memorials, Directions, and Commands; and to the several Papers mentioned therein:

And the said Answer was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Answer of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to an Order of the honourable the House of Commons:

In Obedience to an Order of this honourable House, of the 9th instant, directing us to lay before this House, the Representations made to this Board from the Merchants, and several Corporations, of Britain, in relation to Trade, while the Ger Treaty was depending, und afterwards; and also the Petitions and Memorials that have beeu lately laid before the said Commissioners, relating to the Trade of this Kingdom; and what Directions and Commands they have received from her Majesty thereupon;

We take Leave to inform this honourable House, That, in May 1709, the then Commissioners of Trade and Plantations were directed by the Earl of Sunderland, to consider of several Treaties of Commerce with France-, aii i to report to her Majesty which of them was moll

for the Advantage of Great Britain: They accordingly considered such Treaties, or Projects of Treaties, as they could procure: and ordered Letters to be writ to the mostconsiderable Merchants, and other Persons, for their Thoughts in Writing, what might be of Use, and for the Advantage of this Kingdom, in the framing a Treaty of Commerce with France, particularly in relation to the Duties laid upon our Manufactures and Goods there: In Answer whereunto, the Board received the several Memorials and Letters herewith laid before this honourable House; and numbered, 1. 2. 3.4. 5. 6. 7. 8. g. 10. 11.12. 13.14. 15. 16.

Upon the Consideration of all which Papers, the Project of a Treaty of Commerce with France was prepared, and in October 1709, sent to the Earl of Sunderland, with several other Papers relating the reunto; Copies whereof are herewith laid before this honourable House, and are numbered 17.

On the 26th April 1710, the Turkey Company communicated to the Board the Copy of a Petition from them to her Majesty; setting forth, That before the late War, they had Liberty to export great Quantities of Turkey Goods into France; which they were not allowed to do during the last Peace then on Foot....

such Provisions may be made as may restore so beneficial a Trade to this Kingdom: Whereupon they were acquainted, That in the Project of a Treaty of Commerce with France, Provision was made, that the Trade

from this Kingdom to France should be upon the same Foot as in 1664.

In December 1711, the Earl of Dartmouth referred to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, by her Majesty’s Command, a Petition from the Turkey Company relating to what they desired might be done for them in a Treat}' of Commerce with France-, as also a Petition from the Hudson's Bay Company, praying that, at a Treaty of Peace, the French may be obliged to renounce all Right to the said Bay: Upon Consideration of which Petitions the Board reported. That their Desires were reasonable; as will more fully appear by the Papers, numbered, 20. 21. 22. 23. 24.

In March 1711, Mr. Secretary John, now Lord Viscount Bolingbroke, transmitted to us the Draught of

a Treaty Marine, and of Commerce, with France, for our Observations and Opinion upon it (No. 25.); Whereupon Letters were writ to several of the most considerable Merchants, and others, desiring them to consult with such others as they should think proper, and to let us have, as soon as possible, what they might have to offer in relation to the said Treaty; whereupon we received the several Memorials and Papers, numbered 26. 27. 28. 29. 30. 31. 32.

We also consulted some experienced Officers of the Customs, and several Merchants and Civilians, upon the said Treaty i and, on the 15th of April 1712, we returned to the Lord Bolingbroke the said Treaty, with our Observations thereupon: A Copy whereof is herewith laid before this honourable House, and numbered 33.

On the qthof January last, Mr. Onslow, Mr

and Mr. Harris, with some other Planters in the West Indies, attending us, a Memorial (No. 16), signed by several of them; setting forth, their Apprehensions, That Sugars, and other West India Commodities would be pro-

hibited in France, was read; Whereupon we asked them, Where they had their Information ? And they desired to be excused the naming of Persons: But, after some Discourse with them, they said. They had several Letters of it from Holland-, and that it was the common Discourse among the French here, and upon the Exchange: Upon which we acquainted them, That they might be satisfied her Majesty would not agree to any Treaty of Commerce with such Prohibitions: And we communicated to them some Restrictions to be made upon granting the Tariff of 1664 to the Dutch-, in which Sugar refined, in Loaf or otherwise, Sugar Candy White and Brown, was to pay the Duties mentioned in the Tariff of the 7th of December 1699: To which these Gentlemen replied, That if we were to be

upon

12 Ann. i40 Mali.353

.upon the same Foot as the Dutch, they were afraid, that that Article would affefr all our Sugars, except those from Jamaica; for, the Barbadoes and Leeward Islands Sugar being clayed, they would pass for refined, and do pay Custom here as such: And therefore they desired. That some Explanation might be made in favour of the Barbadoes and Leeward Islands Sugars: Whereupon we desired them to consider, Whether this Dispute did not relate to the Dutch more than to England; and Whether by stirring in that Matter they might not prejudice themselves: Upon which the said Merchants desired, that we would not do any thing on the said Memorial until they considered farther thereof; and they would attend us again, in a short time, with their Thoughts thereupon; but they never thought fit To todo.

On the 17th of February, the East India Company presented to us a Memorial relating to the Prohibitions of some East India Goods, and high Duties on others, in France; and praying onr Aflillance to them in that Matter: Whereupon we immediately’ transmitted a Copy of the said Memorial to the Earl of DartmouthN° 37 and 38.

On the ioth of February, Mr. Diston, and Mr. nijli presented to us a Memorial, which they themselves iiad not signed, from several Clothiers, and others concerned in the Woollen Manufacture oPthis Kingdom; praying, That, in the enfuingTreaty of Commerce with France, the Importation of our Woollen Manufactures thither may not be discouraged, or subject to highDutiefc: And M r. Lane, with several Merchants and Dealers in Serges;Druggets, Rc.presented to us another Memorial; praying, That, in the enfuingTreaty of Commerce with-Fra/rce, the said Commodities may not be prbhi-bited, nor excessive Duties laid or continued, on their Importation into that Kingdom: Whereupon, the same Day, we transmitted Copies of the said Memorials to the Earl of Dartmouth; and they are numbered 39. 40. 41.

On the 24th of February last we received a Letter from the Eari oP Dartmouth, irt answer to ours of the 17th, inclosing to his Lordship the afore-mentioned Memorial of the East India Company; figuifying, by her Majesty’s Command, That, when the Negotiations Were first opened at Utrecht, her Majesty’c Plenipotentiaries were particularly inltructed to take care of the Interest of her Subjects tiading to the East Indies; and that, if such Directions had not been already given, it would then have been too late to have formed new Pretensions; and, that her Majesty was a little surpriz-ed, that any Application should be made at that time, when the'Treaty had been 14. Months on Foot: A Copy of this is numbered 42;

And was communicated to some Members of the East India Company on the Third of iWorc/cfollowing.

On the 24th of February, Mr. Richier and Mr. L.e-keur, with several Persons from the Weavers Company, presented to us another Memorial; praying, That, in the Treaty of Commerce with Franca, the Silk and Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom may lie under no Discouragement: Whereupon we commonicated to them the Earl of Dartmouth's above-mentioned Letter, and sent a Copy of the Weavers Memorial to his Lordship; which Papersare numbered 43. 44.

N° 45. On the 20th of February, we received another Letter from his Lordship, in Answer to ours of the 20th of the same Month, upon the Two Memorials relating to the Woollen Manufacture; signifying her Majesty’s Pleasure, that’ we should fend'for the Persons who signed the said Memorials,' in order to their making good their Allegations, and to inform us from whence they had received their Intelligence; which we did accordingly; and Mr. D, Mr. Dubois, and Mr. Law, attending, on the 4th of March, we communicated to them the Earl of Dartmouth’s last mentioned Letter, and required them to make good their Allegations; and to.inform us whence they had their Intelligence; to which they gave us no satisfactory Answer.

On the 3d of March, we received another Letter from the Earl of Dartmouth, upon the Petition of the Com-

Vol. 17-

pany of Weavers of London, above-mentioned; signif/-ing.That her Majesty had already taken all possible Care for supporting the Trade and Interest of her Subjects, in the Negotiations of Peace that had been so long depending at Utrecht; and his I-ordftiip took Notice, that these late Applications did not feetn designed for gaining any real Advantages; N* 46.

On the same Day Mr. Berney, and others, presented to us a Memorial from the Headfmen, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Worsted-weaving Trade in and the County of Norfolk, setting forth the great Increase of that Manufactory in France; and their Fear, left it should be prohibited, or high Duties laid, or continued, ou the fame, in that Kingdom.

A like Memorial from the Clothiers, Serge-makers, and others, of Taunton, was presented to us by Mrjtofyi

Dyer: Whereupon we communicated to those Gentlemen the Earl of Dartmouth's fore-mentioned Letters of the 24th and 27th of February last; and transmitted to his Lordship Copies of the said Memorials, ^47.48.49.

All which is humbly submitted.

Whitehall,

Mayt\\e 14th, Guilford, Phil. Meadows,

1713. Rob. MonckArth. Moore,

Fra. Gwyn, T. Foley,

J. Ilynde Cotton.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Representations, Petitions, Memorials, and other Papers, be now read;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

' Tel.erSfortl1eYen(Mr.O^_ J,,3.

Teller, for he]3M.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Answer, Representati«o». Petitions, Memorials, and other Papers, be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into Confederation the Eighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty of Commerr-and Navigation between Great Britain aeed ",

The said Representations, Petitions -«emor,a's» ^d other Papers, are bound 't' the other Papers of this Session.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for the more easy Compounding of Fines and Poll-fines, to be levied of Lands in the . Principality of Walts, be read a Second time 1 o-morrow Morning.

Then the Order of the Day being read, for the House, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Eighth and Ninth Arti-ticles of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France;

Ordered, That the said Treaty, and the Act explaining the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain wad France, relating to the Four Species excepted out of the Tariff of 1664, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Treaty with Portugal, of the 27th of December 1703, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Gilbert Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had directed him to move, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill to make effectual the Eighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France.

And he moved accordingly.

4 X Ordered,

Representa-tionsrefp*tting i mile.

Fines on Lands in Wales.

Commercial Treaty with France.

Candle*.

Committees.

Earl of

Ranelagh's

Eftute.

Soldiers, &*\ »n«y exercise *1

354 14° — 15 'Mail. J. 1713.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make effectual the Eighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j 1

Teller.for the Noes, j}

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Moor, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Auditor Sir

Thomas Powys, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Lowndesdo prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Attorney General, Mr. MiddlMr. Hedges, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Pytts, Brigadier Windsor, Mr. Aid-worth, General Stanhope, Sir Hanmer, Mr. Monck-

ton. Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Mr. Wortley,

Mr. Pytt, Mr Carnegie, Mr. Medlycott Lord

Mr. Foley, Sir Tho. Powell, Colonel Cage, Mr. Gonl-ston, Sir Gilbert Elliott, Mr. Craggs, Mr.

Mr. Hcy/ham, Mr. Bayly,\1 r. Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Nicholas, Sir Wm. Whitlock e, Sir Wm. Colonel Byerley, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Harley, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Gore, Lord Win. Powlett, Mr. Mr.

Auditor Harley, Mr. Duncomb, Sir Geo. Mr.

Vincent, Mr. Anneflcy: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambers.

Ordered, That they have Power to receive a Clause, That the Pay due to the Officers or Soldiers which any Colonel, or his Agent, or any Captain, shall have received, shall, upon the Death of such Colonel, Agent, or Captain, be paid out of the Assets he shall leave, preferably to any other Debts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisj 150 Mali;

12® Ann* Regin®, 1713.

Prayers.

ABI L Lfor veiling the Ellate late of Earl

of Ranelagh, at Chel/ca and Cranborn, in the

Counties of Middlesex and Berks, in Trustees, to be sold,

towards Satisfaction of his Debt to her Majesty, if any such shall appear upon the Determination of the said Earl’s final Account, as he was Paymaster General of her Majesty’s Forces j and of his other Debts; was read

A Petition of Katharine Tanner, Julian Tanner, and Susanna Tanner, Infants, Daughters and Coheirs of George Tanner, late of the County of Cornwall, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there being a Bill depending in the House for veiling the Ellate late of John Tanner Esquire, deceased,

in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts; That the Petitioners have a Right to some Tenements included in the Ellate intended to be so veiled: And praying. That the Bill may not pass without their Con-fents, and their Right being secured to them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, before the Committee, thereupon^ by their Counsel, if they think fit.

» Second time.

Resolved, Tin.* thp Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert Jhiben, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Foley, S\r Richard Onslow, Lord Wm. Powlett, Sir Nic. Morice, Mr. Guibbon, Mr.

Lord Cajilecomber, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Vernon, 117 t u Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Tho.

*f roth, Mr. ^-rklaj, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Carter, Mr. Mr. Bertie, Sir Tho. Powell,

Mr Gale, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Smith, Mr. Freman, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Ash, Mr. Shackcrley, Mr. Worth, Mr. Dowdeftvell, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Etterick, Mr. Gore, Mr. DMr. Onflozo, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Richard Farrington, Brigadier Windsor, Mr. Laugharn, Mr, Cholmondtey, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Anncfley, Sir Mr.

Southwell, Mr. Eversfield, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr Bel-Inflfe, Mr. Mit ton, Mr Conyers, Mr. Monckton, Mr.

Powlett, Mr. Bridges, Mr. C; and all that servefor the Counties of Middlesex and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive a Clause, That after Sale of the Estates mentioned in the Bill, the Lady Katharine Jones may be permitted to enjoy such Estates as {he has iu her own Right.

A Bill to enable such Officers and Soldiers as have been in her Majesty’s Service during the late War to exercise Trades; and for Officers to account with their Soldiers; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Conyers, Colonel Graham, Mr.

Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Shakerly, Captain Dyott, Sir Richard Faring/on, Sir Robert Eden, Lord Barrymore, General Rosse, Sir Nic. Morice, Mr. Bagoll, Mr. Crosse, Colonel Stuart, Mr. Smilhfon.Mr. Goring, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Pocklinglon, Mr. Manley, Lord Castle-

comber. Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Lotvndes, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Shafto, Sir Chd. Hedges, General Hill, Mr. Wardj Sir Ja. Bateman> Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

The Orders of the Day being read;

A Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons, Was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to her Majesty Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1713, is committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

ITI.

160.

Tellers for the Yeas, j:

Tel.ersfor theNoe,.j^:f£^.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they

had

Tanners

Estate.

Committees.

Limiting Officers in the House.

Supply.

Ways and

Means.

Fines on Lunds in Wales.

deters

Eliate.

Pr^TCfition of Duelling.

Holland's

Estate.

iq Ann. i 50 — 16° Mali.

355

had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more easy Compounding of Fines and Post-fmes, to be levied of Lands in the Principality of Wales, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, in a full House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, i6° Mali;

i a* Annae Reginae, 1713.

Prate as.

SI R William Withers presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for veiling the Estate and Effects of Robert Peter, Citizen and Gndler of , in Trustees, for the speedier Payment of his Debts: And the same was received; and read the First time. Jlejolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to abolish Tryals by Angle Combat; and prevent the impious Practice of Duelling: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolveed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Thomas Hanmer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for discharging the Manor, or Lordship,-of Bexwell, in the County of from the several

Uses, Trufis, and Estates, thereof, limited in and by the Marriage Settlement of Sir John Baronet, with the Lady Rebecca his Wife; and settling divers other Manors. Mefliiagps, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of a greaterValue, and which lie more convenient, in the County of Norfolk, in lieu thereof; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, except William Holland, Sir John Holland's Brother; touching whom the Committee, having presumptive Evidence that he was dead, had ordered the same to be reported specially to the House; which is as followeth; viz.

Thomas Hyde, who was a very intimate Friend and Acquaintance of Mr. Holland's did declare. That a Commission of Bankrupt having been issued out against the said Mr. Holland about 11 or 12 Years since, he thereupon absconded; and that, about Eight Years since, he sent over a Person to him, from Dublin, acquainting him. That he lay dangerously ill, and desired him to transact some Maiters relating to hisAffairs; and though the same would have been of great Consequence to him, as relating to his own private Interest, yet he has never heard from him since; and verily believes, That he is dead.

Mr. Nath. Prime and Mr. Two

other Witnesses, being likewise examined, laid, They were acquainted with the said Mr. Holland-, and though they have made Inquiry after him several times within these Nine Years', havingMatters of great Moment with him, could never hear of him; and verily believe he is dead:

And that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossccl.

Vv-l. 17.

Mr. Chotmondly presented to the House, according to r.seasons

Order, a Bill to explain a Clause, in the Act of the last afreit*ining Session of Parliament, for the more effectual preventing Freehold* fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for of4®»-the electing Knights of Shires to servein Parliament, as far as the same relates to the ascertaining the Valne of Freeholds of Forty Shillings per AnnuAnd the same was received and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, and others concerned in Duties on the Woollen Manufactures in and about the Corporation French of Leeds, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands Wme*' employed therein, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Quantities of their Woollen Draperies are, and have been yearly exported to Portu- gal and Spain: That the taking off the Duty of Twenty-five Pounds per Tun on FienchWines will discourage the Importatation of Winesfrom. Portugal and Spain,

and lessen their Demands of the said Woollen Manufactures: And praying the Duties on Spanish and Portugal Wines may be lowered, in proportion to thofeof France.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs in the Execution of their Ease of Offices, and in passing their Accounts, was read a Sheriffs. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Jyfe, Colonel Morton, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Grey, Sir Jof Jekyll, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Poulteney, Sir Tho.

Powell, Lord Wm.Powlett, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Smithson,

Mr. Cafar, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. An-

nejley. Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Conyers, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Couljton, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Freman, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Bingham, Mr. Cur-rance, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Baylie, Mr. Sir Alex. Cuming, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Mr. Gape, Mr.

Mundy, Sir Wm. Lewin, Mr. Lnmpto, Mr. Carter, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Sheppard, Sir Hilbert Dolben, Mr. Vaugharne, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Mr. Letchmere, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Quick, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Vaughan, Mr.

Pytts, Mr. Hampden, Sir Fra.Vincent, Sir Gilbert Elliot,

Mr. Renda, Mr. Carnegie, M r.PagcM r. Serjeant Webb,

Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Wrighlfon, Sir Richard Mr. Gale: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records: And Leave to fit in a Morning.

A Bill for the more ealy Compounding of Fines and Fines on Post-fmes, to be levied of Lands, in the Principality of ^n',s ia Wales, was, according to Order, read a Second time. a f* Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Smith,

Mr. Scobell, Mr. Auditor Harley, Lord Lumly, Mr.

Ward, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Letchmere, Sir Jekyll,

Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Jessop , Mr. Jefferys, Mr. Moore,

Mr. Pylt, Mr. Bangham, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. J^ezois,

Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Packer, Lord Bulk ley, Mr. Chetwind,

Mr. Poulteney, Mr. Quick, Mr. Serjeant Webb, Mr.

Morgan, Mr. Serjeant Hooper, Sir Edward Stradling,

Mr. Ileysham, Mr. Jones, Sir Tho. Powell, Mr. Worjley,

Mr. Harley, Mr. Watson, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr.

Courtney, Sir Isaac Rebozv, Mr. Cocks, Sir Tho. Gery,

Sir John Pakington, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Plumptree, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Manley, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Finch, Mr Mr. Farrer, General Stanhope, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Belajyfe, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Webb, Mr. Finch, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Addison, Sir John Mordaunt, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr.

Hampden, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Pytts, Sir WmJVynd-ham, Lord Harley; and all the Members of the Long Robe; and all that serve for the Principality of Wales:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambers.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Lady A ime Vaughan, which was ordered to lie upon the Table until the Bill

for

16" Maii.

Publick -Accounts — Conduct of Karl

Wharton.

for the moreeafy Compounding of Fines and Pod-fines, to be levied of Lands in the Principality of ,was read a Second time, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by her CounCel, before the Committee, thereupon, if (he think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, That they do inquire what the yearly Value of the Farm of the said Fines and Pod-fines, has been, one Year with another, more than thereferved Rent to the Crown; and all other Outgoings; and report the same specially to the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to proceed upon that Part of the Report of the Commissioners for taking, examining, and dating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, which relates to Thomas Earl of Wharton;

Mr. Campion, from the said Commissioners, presented to the House the Depositions of Mr. George proving the Earl of Wharton received One thousand Pounds for obtaining the Office of Register of Seizures for the Deponent:

' And the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

who introduced me to Lady , and likewise from

what I had heard his Lordship say, That the Present I made was designed for the Benefit and Advantage of the Lady Lockhart, and her Family; to whom I firstmade, by my Friend, the Proposition and Promise of it; and for whose Sake his Lordship undertook to do me that Favour.

These are, as far as I can recollett, all the Circum-llances of the Manner of obtaining my Office.

Geo. Hutchinson.

Memorandum: The above-written Paper was drawn by Direction of the Lord Wharton; and several Passages which I had forgot, and his Lordship put me in mind of, were added at his Lord (hi p's Infiance; particularly’that relating to the Lad That the whole £. 1,000 was paid to one Mr. Lee, by Two £. 500 Notes, by his Lordship’s Order: That, before his Lordship did obtain the Employment for me, I did acquaint his Lordship I would give a Thousand Pound for it.

10th March 174-f-. Geo. Hutchinson,

Jurat' coram

Fra. Annefey. Shippen,

Hen. Campion, Hen. Bertie.

Mr. George Hutchinson, being sworn, depofeth, That he bargained with the Earl of Wharton for a Thousand Pounds, in case the said Earl could obtain for him the Office of Register of the Seizures from the Earl of Godolphin, when Lord Treasurer: That he was unknown to the Earl of Godolphin, and was admitted into the said Office in Consideration of the said One thousand Pounds; which he paid to the said Earl of Wharton's Order, on his Admission into it.

Essex-house, Geo. Hutchinson.

23d October 1712.

Jurat' coram

Wm.Shippen, Henry Bertie,

S. Winnington, Tho. Lifer,

IL. Campion.

I never had any Acquaintance with, or personal Knowlege of, the Lord Wharton, or had ever spoken to him, till I was advised, by a Friend, to apply to him, by means of the Lady Lockhart, his Lordship’s Sifter; to whom I made my Proposition, and Promise of a Present, if, by her, I could be recommended to Lord Wharton her Brother, and by him to Lord Treasurer, to have Leave for Mr. John Earl, my Predecessor, to resign his Office to me: And, when I was by her Lndyship so recommended to Lord Wharton, her Lndyship told me, That his Lorrlship was very unwilling to meddle with any thing of that kind; and that I must not expect, that his Lordship would make any Steps in it, unless he found, by Lord Treasurer, that I was very capable and fit for the said Employment.

Whilst this Affair was thus transacting, the said Mr. John Earl died; upon which I told her Lady ship I could, and would, make her Ladyfiiip a better Present, if her Ladyship could prevail that I might succeed the said John Earl: Her Ladyship then gave me a Letter of Recommendation to Lord Wharton, who was then at Newmarket; and when I came there, and was introduced to Lord Treasurer, his Lordship was pleased to say, That for my own Sake, and my Father’s, and upon Lord Wharton's Recommendation, his Lordship was

willing to prefer me to that Employment.

When I had thus obtained his Lordship’s Promise, the Lord Wharton, being afterwards returned to Town, told me. That, for some lleafons, he did not think proper to put the Money into her Ladyship’s Hands; nor make the Bills payable to her; and directed me to put the Money into a Goldfinith’s Hands; which I did, and made the Notes payable to myself, and indorsed them; and afterwards delivered them to a Person his Lordship, who was then gone into the Country, by his Letter,'appointed to receive the same:

And I always apprehended, from what my Friend said.

And that Part of the said Report, which relates to the Earl of Wharton, was again read.

Resolved, That the giving, or taking Money, for procuring Offices relating to the Management of the Publick Revenue, is a scandalous Corruption, andhigbly detrimental to the Publick.

Then the Journal of 1694 was called for: And the Articles of Impeachment against the late Duke of Leeds was read; as also the A£i confiituting the Commissioners of Accounts^ and likewise their former All, were read:

And a Motion being being made, and the Question being proposed, That the giving 1,000 by Mr. Geo. Hutchinson toThomas Earl of Wharton, for procuring the said Hutchinson the Office of Register of Seizures in her Majesty's Customs, as represented in the Report of the Commissioners for taking, examining, and dating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, having been before, the Act of her Majesty’s most gracious, general, and free Pardon, this Hpufe will proceed no further in that Matter:.

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, after " Wharton," to insert " for the Use and Benefit. " of the Lady Charlotte Lockhart, his Sifter And the Question being put, that those Words be. inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teners for the Yea* {r }

Tellers for the Noes, 1130.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the-Question, by inserting after " Wharton," these Words, " and his receiving the fame

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the giving^.!,000 by Geo.

to Thomas Earl of Wharton, and his receiving the fame, for procuring the said Mr. Hutchinson the Office of Re*< gifter of Seizures in her, Majesty’s Customs, as represented in the Report of the Commissioners for taking, examining, and dating, the ;Publick Accounts, of the Kingdom, having been before the of her Majesty’s: most gracious, general, and free Pardon; this House will proceed no farther in that Matter.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Commissioners for taking, examining, and Hating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and from the Commissioners for taking examining, anddetermining, the Debts due to the Army, Transport Service, and Sick and Wounded; betaken into farther Consideration upon this Day Seven night.

Publication i Libels.

fcxports of Woollen Ma-matures.

Soldiers, &c. may extrcil’e Trades.

FJlins*

Bankruptcy.

Holland*

Stockton

C’impel.

Duties on

French

Brandies.

12 Ann.-

i6° — 18° Mali.

357

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the Printing and of themselves, and Thousands of others that have Fruit Publishing of blasphemous, treasonable, seditious, and Trees planted, for making Verjuice, Cyder, and Perry, feaiulalous, Libels; and for the better Regulating of for Distillation, was presented to the House, and read; the Prefsj be read a Second time upon Wednesday setting forth. That the Liquors made out of the said Morning next. Fruit Trees produce, by Diff illing, a good and wholsome

fine Brandy, not only atifwering a home Consumption, And then the House adjourned till Monday but also a foreign Exportation; and which, when refli-

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce> 18° die Maii;

12* Anns Reginae, 1713.

PUAYERS.

f\RD Ell E D, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House on Account of the Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures for the Four Years before the Year 1703; distinguishing the Species, and the Quantities of the several Years.

Brandies.

Sir Wm. Wyndhamreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to enable such Officers and Soldiers as have been in tier Majesty’s Service during the late War to exercise Trades; and for Officers to account with their Soldiers; was committed; That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to give Leave for Wm. to

surrender himself to a Commission of Bankrupt, for the Benefit of his Creditors, was read the Third time.

Rcjblved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to give Leave for William Ellins to surrender himself to Commissioners of Bankrupts, for the Benefit of his Creditors.

Ordered, That Mr. Bracebridge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for discharging the Manor, or Lordship of Bexxcell, in the County of Norfolk, from the several Uses, Trusts, and Estates, thereof, limited in and by the Marriage Settlement of Sir John Holland Baronet, with the Lady Rebecca his now Wife; and settling divers other Manors, Lands, Tenements, and " Hereditaments, of a greater Value, and which lie more

fied, and kept to a good Age, is hardly known from French Brandy: That, if the Duty on French Brandy should be taken off, it will prejudice the Petitioners, put a Stop to the home Diffilling, and ocCafion their Fruit, in a plentiful Year, to rot on the Ground, for want of Vent; And praying, That the said Duty on French and other foreign Brandy may be continued, the Running of it prevented, and the home Diffilling encouraged.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Merchants, Sugar-bakefs, and Dif- Duties on tillers, of the City of Bristol, in behalf of themselves *'rene!‘

SI J t* - _ , UroiJ.iai

and others, was presented to the House and read; letting forth. That the Materials made use of in diffilling Brandies in this Kingdom are of its own Growth, as Perry, Cyder, and Malt; or imported from its Pianta* tions, as coarse Sugar and Moloffes; by the vast Consumption whereof, Tillage and Husbandry are en» couraged; Navigation promoted; and many Families employed; That the Diliillery brings in a great Revenue to the Crown; every C. Wt. of Moloffes paying 8a. and every C. Wt. of Sugar ioj. besides Custom at Importation; Cyder, Perry, and Malt, also paying a large Duty, when diffilled, above the other Excise they are charged with: That the English Brandies excel some foreign, and are equally as wholesome, and but little inferior to French Brandies: That the consumingcoarfe Sugars, and Moloffes, enables the Sugar-bakers to make refined Sugars cheap, and to supply foreign Markets;

That if the Use of coarse Sugars be discouraged here, they will be exported to foreign Markets, there to be refined; and the Crown lose the Custom by Drawbacks, and the Excise also they would have paid, had they been diffilled: That, if any of the Duty be taken off foreign Brandies, it will destroy the Diffilling Trade of Great Britain, unless the Duties on home Brandies be proportionably abated; both which will prejudice her Majesty’s Revenue: And praying their same may be considered; and such Relief in the Premises, especially in preventing the running the Duty of foreign Brandies, as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Major General Henry de Cort, Baron de Wallef, was presented to the House, and read; set-

convenient, in the County of Norfolk, in Jieu thereof; ting forth. That the Petitioner had served her Majesty

Baron de Wallef* Arrears.

was read the Third time.

lieflived, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for discharging the Manors, and Lordships, of Bexzcell and Timcorlh, in the County of Norfolk, from the several Uses, Trusts, and Estates, thereof, limited in and by the Marriage Settlement of Sir John Holland Baronet with the Lady Rebecca his Wife; and settling divers other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of a greater Value, and which' lie more convenient, in the same County, in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Ifanmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Eleven Years as Colonel of a Regiment of Dragoons; Two Years as Brigadier; and Two Years and Four Months as Major General: That, as soon as the Duke

of Ormond, with her Majesty’s Troops.....to separate

himself from the Confederate Army, the Petitioner immediately followed his Grace’s Orders; upon which, the Day following, the Deputies of the States General desired Prince Eugene to dismiss the Petitioner from their Army, where he was, as Major General: Being thus deprived of the Fruits of his former Services, and of all Hopes of being employed by the Allies; he, to avoid their Resentment, hath settled in England: And

praying his same may be considered, and the Arrears A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and due to him, as Brigadier, and Major General, may be Mr. Orlebar: paid him; the Duke of Ormond and Lord Strafford

Mr. Speaker, having promised the fame.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Oialered, ThoX the said Petition be referred to the Con-for making the Chapelry of Stockton, in the County of sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

Durham, adillinft Parish, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Worcester, at their Monthly Meeting, at Worcester, upon the First Saturday in Ma, together with sundry of

the principal Inhabitants of the said Counfv, on behalf VOL. 17.

the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House: And it is referred to Mr. OgSir Jacob Banks, Mr. Aifiabie, Mr. Freman, Sir Tho. Powell, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir Alexander Cuming, Sir Fra. -cent, Mr. Bay lie, Mr. EversfelSir Robert Dovers. Lord Wm. Poivlett, Mr. Pylls, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Moor, Mr. BrigJ'tock, Sir Beaumont, Sir

4 Y Hind

Sipply Bill; Malt Duties.

supply.

Duties cm

French

Wines.

18® — :ip° Mail. 4- 1713-

Hind Cotton,. Mr. Clarke, Mr Mr. Burslem,

Colonel Grahm, Colonel Stuart, Lord Barymore, Mr.

Shafto, Mr. Conuers, Mr. Cotton, Sir Wm.

'Mr. Wind for, Mr. Wort ley, Sir Sir Tho.

Hanmer, Sir Gilbert Elliott, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Gilbert Dolben, the Earl of Hartford, Mr. Sir Bour-

'chierWrey, Sir John Stonehouse, Sir

Colonel Morton, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. , General

Ross, Mir. Clwlmondley, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Harris, General

Webb, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Earl, General Ecklin, Mr. Murray: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five fc Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Koufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to her Majesty Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive aClause, That customary Estates, passing by Deed and Copy, may not pay the Stamp Duty for the Deed, and Copy also.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive a Clause of Loan.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive a Clause to transfer to the Register of this Act the Principal and Interest remaining unpaid on the Act for the Duty on Malt, for the Year which commenced at the 24th Day of June 1 711.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive a Clause for the making forth Duplicates of Lottery Tickets which have been loft, burnt, or destroyed.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive ft Clause to inlarge the Term for adjusting Claims in the Lotteries for the Years 1710, 1711, 1712.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive a Clause to make counterfeiting Orders for Lottery Tickets Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to refceive a Clause, that no Person concerned in the col-leftingor managing the Revenue granted by this Bill, or any Act of Parliament, shall be exempted from serving Parish, Wand, and other Offices.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refhtned the Chair.'

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pfeafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Stipply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ‘ Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 19* Maii;

12* Anna Reginas, 1713. pRoyers

A PETITION of the Clothiers, and others concerned in working up the Woollen Manufactures, living in Witney, and Other Places, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the: House, and redd; setting forth. That great Quantities of the Petitioners Manu-fastures depend on the Trade to Spain and Portugal; That the lowering the Duties on French Wines will hinder the Exportation of the said Manufactures to those Places* there being a Treaty depending, That French Wines shall pay aTUird Part more Duty than Portugal

20

Wines* and ,which is the Condition of our Manufactures being admitted into those Parts: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and others concerned in Duties on the Manufacturing of Medley Broad Cloth, living in the French Corporations of Westbury and Heytcfbury, the Towns of Froonie, Warminster, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, ThatgreatQuan-tities of the Petitioners Manufactures have been exported to Portugal and Spain: That the lowering the Duty on French Wines will lessen the Exportation of the said Manufactures to those Places; more especially the former; there being a Treaty now subsisting, That French Wines shall pay One-third more Duty than Portugal Wines; which is the Condition whereon our Manufactures are admitted into that Kingdom: And praying their same may be considered, and such Relief given as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Headfmen, Wardens, and Assistants, Ditto,

of the Trade of Worsted-weaving, in the City of Norwich, and County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the suspending the Puty of £.25 per Tun on French Wines, for Two Months, will be prejudicial to the Woollen Manufactory of the Kingdom in general, and of that City and County in particular; their Trade depending on the Commerce with Portugal; which will be unavoidably obstructed

by lowering the Price of French, and, consequently, hindering the Importation of Portugal, Wines: And - praying the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Laois Vanden Enden, of the City of Eod«V London, Merchant, was presented to the House, and *,at* read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was born out of her Majesty’s Allegiance; but profeffeth the trud Protestant Religion, and hath given Testimony of his dutiful and loyal Affection to her Majesty: and praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Pray er of the said Petition: And that Sir George Newland, Mr. Brigftocke, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Medlycot presented to the House, according to Robberies Order, a Bill for the more effectual preventing and Houses. punching Robberies that l^iall be committed in Houses;

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of William Paterjbn Esquire, was presented PateiWs

to the House, and read; setting forth. That he hath Claims, been at great Pains and Expence, and hath sustained very considerable Losses, on Account of the African and Indian Company of Scotland-, for which the said Company was to have made him Satisfaction out of their Stock and Profits: And praying. That the House will take his same into Consideration, and give him Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Davers, Sir Fra. cent, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Brigstock, Mr. Scobell, Mr.

Foley, Lord Win. Fowled, General Rqfs, Mr.

M r. Pocklington, Mr. Yeoman, Mr. Medlycott, M r.

Aar/, Mr. Bertie, S\r Richard Faringt.on, Sir Tho. Wroth,

Lord Harley, Mr. JE Varle, Mr. Murray, Sir Alexander Cummins, Mr. Bayly, Mr. Clerk, Mr. Ward, Mr. Worjly,

Colonel Byerley, Sir Richard Onjlozo, Mr. Currance, Mr.

Cafar, Mr. Laugharne, Mr. Freman, Sir John Kay,

Lord Doume, Mr. Ferrar, Sir Gilbert Elliott, Mr. Brace-bridge, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Cholmondley, Mr. Chancellor

of

11 Ann.

19® — 20° Mali.

359

of the Exchequer, Tjvt&Lyon, Mr. Mr.

negie, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Harley, Mr. Moor, Mr; Vernon, Mr. Winnington, S'w Geo. Nexoland, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. H.ungerford, WlxAVilde, Sir/oAtt Packing ton { and all the Members’thatferve for North Britain: And they are to <meet; this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And the said Committee have, Leave to fit in.a Morning.

tleftions — A Bill to explain a Clause in the Act, of the last ascertaining Session of Parliament, for theitnere effectual preventing Freehold* of f^duient Conveyances, in order to :multiply Votes for *0*' the electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament;

as far as the same relates to the ascertaining the Value of Freeholds of Forty -Shillings per Annum; was read a Second time.

‘ Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

t Rqfolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit*

tee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ThursdayNlom-ing next, aCElevenof the Clock, -resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Duty on Leather.

A Petition of the Tanners, Tawers, and Fellmongers, Ac. within the Borough of New Motion, in the County of York, and Towns adjacent to the said Borough, against the Duty upon Leather, was offered to the House:

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up;

It pafliad in the Negative.

Po*r Sir Arthur Kay reported from the Committee. to

Vicarages in whom the Bill for making Inclosures of feme Part of the Yorkshire. Common Grounds in the West Riding of the County of

York, for endowing poor Vicarages and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers, was committed, the Amendments the Committee had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon die Qnef-tion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clanfe was offered, to be added to the Bill, That

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be in-grofled.

Member* Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go with the summoned. Mace into Westminster-haVL, the Court of Requells, and

Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to at* tend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Supply Bill; Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the Malt Duties, whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to her Majesty Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1713, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were again read throughout:

And the First Amendment being read a Second time:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Report be recommitted;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment.

The Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth, Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were also, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Sixth Amendment, being to lay a Duty of 3 per Bushel upon Malt made in Scotland, being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Amendment, and the subsequent Vol. 17.

Amendments, made by- the Committee,-to the Bill, be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, }125'

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon SaturdayNlorn*

ing next, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the better regulating the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, ThatSir Robert Dovers, Mr. Vyner, be added Tanner's

to the Committee, to whom the Bill for veiling the Estate at,‘ late of John Tanner Esquire, deceased, in Trullees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Debts, is committed.

And then the House adjourned‘till To-motroW

Morning,

Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 20° die Matt;

12* Annas Reginae, 1713.

Praters.

MR. Laugharne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Lewis Vanden Enden: And the same was received; and reafd the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir William Withers reported from the Committee, to Deficiency whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Two mil- pu^"" lion Adventure for the Year 1712, was committed.

That they had examined the Matter: and had directed him to report the same to the House, as it appeared to them; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where it was read; and is a? followeth; viz.

That the Committee haying read the Clause in the Act of Parliament mentioned in the Petition to them referred, in an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for liCenfing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs; and for charging certain new Duties on stamped Vellora, Parchment, and Paper; and on Cards and Dice; and on the Exportation of Rock Salt for Ireland; and for securing the re* by, and by a weekly Payment out of the Poll Office, and by several other Duties on Hides and Skins, a yearly Fund of £186,670 for 32 Years, to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Orders as are therein mentioned, to the Contributors of any Sum, not exceeding Two millions, to be raised for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions;

It appeared to them, from the said Clause, That so much of the Money arising from the Duties, Revenues, and Branches, thereby appointed, as should be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer, should be computed and reckoned the yearly Fund of £186,670 in case the same would extend so far, for the Term of 32 Years, to be computed ftofti the 29th of September 1711, for paying off £2,602,200 Principal Money, and Interest at Six per Cent, per Annum: And that by the same Act it was Enacted, That in case the Monies by the said Act appointed should, at any time or times, appear to be so deficient, or low, in the Produce of the lame, as that, within any One Year, to be reckoned as aforesaid, the said Monies arising into the Exchequer, for all the Duties, Revenues, and Branches, as aforesaid, should not amount to so much as £ 186,6 70, then, and so often, so much as should be wanting to make up the said Fund,

or

Publication of Libels.

T*eUr*i

ILlUu.

HJf.pp.y

Lutuia:#.

20* Man. A. 1713.

or Sum of £.186,670 for every or any such Year, should be supplied, and made good, from time to time, out of the first Aid, or Supply, to be granted in Parliament next after such Deficiency should appear; and should, from time to time, be transferred thereunto as soon as the same should be granted.

And, the Petitioners having alleged, in their Petition, That the Money arising into the Exchequer, by the said Duties, Branches, and Revenues, in the Year ending the 29th September 1712, did fall short upwards of £.70,000 of the said Sum of £.186,670; the Committee did order Mr. Clayton, of the Exchequer, to attend them with an Account of what Money did arise into the Exchequer from the several Duties appropriated to the said Fund, before the 29th September 1712.

And it appeared to the Committee, from the Account brought before them, by the {hid Mr. , pursuant

to Order, and signed by him, That, at Michaelmas 1712, the Sum of £.136,354 17 s.i had been brought into the Exchequer upon the said several Duties, Branches, and Revenues; of which the Sum of £.11,902 155. 7d. was applied towards the Discharge of Principal Money, according to the Directions of the said Act, as having been brought into the Exchequer before Michaelmas 1711; and also the Sum of £.7,805 is. 3 was applied for paying the Charges of Management before Michaelmas 1712; and that the net Money, after the said Two last mentioned Sums deducted, which was applied towards the said Annuity of£. 186,670, due at Michaelmas 1712, was the Sum of £.116,646 igr. 9|d.; and that there was wanting, at Michaelmas 1712, of the Monies arising into the Exchequer for the said Duties, Branches, and Revenues, the Sum of £.70,023. 6s. i\d. to make up the said Annuity of £.186,670 due at Michaelmas 1712 aforesaid.

That the Committee further sent Orders to the several Offices to whose Care and Management the said several Duties are committed, to send to them their several Accounts of the gross and net Produce of the said several Duties, Revenues, and Branches, for the Year ending at Michaelmas 1712.

And that it appeared to the Committee, from the several Accounts brought before them, pursuant to Orders, That, computing the Deficiency of the said Fund of £. 186,670 from the net Produce of the said several Duties, Branches, and Revenues, the said Deficiency, at Michaelmas 1712, was the Sum of £.62,000.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the

Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Bill to prevent the Printing and Publishing of blaf-phemous, treasonable, Seditious, and Scandalous, Books and Libels; and for the better Regulating of the Press; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

, Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for veiling the Estate and Eflefts of Robert Peter, Citizen and Girdler of London, in Trustees, for the Speedier Payment of his Debts, was read aSecond time:

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Aijlabie, from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, presented to the House an Estimate of Half Pay for Sea Officers;

And, it appearing that the Officers were not named in the said Estimate;

The same was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Answert* House, That their Address having been presented to her Addrefe. Majesty, That Ihe would be pleased to direct the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty to inquire into the Number and Quality of the Forces in her Majesty’sPay, in Spain and Portugal, and to examine the State of the Payments and Accounts relating to the said Forces, and to the Garrisons and Fortifications of Gibraltar and Port Mahon; and also the Accounts of the Agent Victualed, and Commissaries of Stores, in those Parts; to lay before this House an Account of their Proceedings; her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions accordingly.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole M<1 House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Halford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Harvey'* to enable William Harvey the elder, Esquire, and EAa*«. liam Harvey Esquire, his Son, to settle a Jointure, and grant a Lease; and for veiling the Inheritance, after a Term of Five hundred Years, of Lands in Suffolk, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Portions for his Daughters: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply Bill: Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of MaltDuue*. the Bill for granting to her Majesty Duties upon Malt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1713, upon the Re-commitment thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had considered the Matters to them referred; and had made several Amendments to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next. Supply, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Woollen* lay before this House an Account of the Woollen Ma- <l*»pp«l nufactures shipped at the Port of London for France, Fracce* from Christmas 1668 to Christmas 1669.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Robinson, Mr. Hungerford, Charlton Sir Wm.St. 2uintin, Mr. Homage, Sir Cha. Turner, Parsonag*-

Mr. Belafyfe, Mr. Turner, Mr. Gale, be added to the "oufe* Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Exchange of the Parsonage-house in Charlton, in Kent, and the Close thereto adjoining, in lieu of another House and Lands there, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Goring, Mr. Thompson, Mr. pow*ll> Budge, Sir Ja.Bateman, Sir Fra.Mr. Might of

nings, Mr. Bayley, Mr. lien da. Sir Cope, Sir Pat. <rrad*'

Johnjim, Sir Tho. Gery, Mr. Gold, Mr. Vernon, to be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Powell, of London, Merchant, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

IMums from the Cuiiuin-houi’e.

12 Ann. 2i°

yovisy21° Mali;

12* Antne Reginae, 1713.

Prayeiis.

LETVI S Vanden Enden took the Oaths appointed*

in order to his Naturalization.

The Koufe being informed, That some of the Commissioners of the Customs attended:

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to flie House their several Returns to the Orders of this House, of the Ninth* Eighteenth, and Twentieth Instant: With,

An Account of the Quantities of Brandies imported into the Port of London for 22 Years, commencing at Michaelmas 1674, and ending at Michaelmas 1696; w herein French Brandies, and those of other Countries, are distinguished:

An Account of the Quantities of Wines imported into the Port of London, for Two-and-Twenty Years, commencing at Michaelmas 1674, and ending at JMichacl-mas i6g6; wherein French Wines, and those of other Countries, are distinguished:

An Account of Brandies imported into , and the Out-Ports, in Sixteen Years, and One Quarter, distinct, from 1696 to 1712:

An Account of Wines imported into , and the

Out Ports, in Sixteen Years, and One Quarter, from 1696 to x 712:

An Account of Woollen Manufactures exported to France from Christmas 1668 to 1669: And,

An Account of Woollen Manufactures exported for Four Years before the Year 1703; the Species, and Quantities of the several Years being diflir.guished.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Returns are as follow; vie.

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled.

In Obedience to an Order of the 9th Instant, directing the Commissioners of the Customs to lay before this honourable House an Account of the Quantities of W ines and Brandies imported, annually, from the Year 1674, to this time; distinguishing the French Wines and Brandies, and those of other Countries; the said Commissioners gave immediate Directions to the proper Officers in London, and the Out Ports, to prepare the said Accounts: And the Officers of this Port having laid before this Board the following Accounts; the same are herewith humbly presented; -

1. An Account of the Quantities of Wines and Brandies imported into L for 22 Years, from Michaelmas 1674 to Michaelmas 1696: a. An Account of the Quantities of Wines and Brandies imported into London, and the Out Ports, for

16 Years and J, from Michaelmas 1696 to Christ-viasijn.

Mail. 1

The Commissioners crave Leave, hereupon, to acquaint this honourable House, That the Office of ln-spedor General being erected in the Year 1696, for extracting and keeping general Accounts of Imports and Exports in London, and the Out Ports, for the Information of the Publick; before which time it was found impracticable to make out such Accounts in any reasonable time; they have obtained from that Year a perfect Return to the Order of this honourable House, to Chrijhnas last; but that the Accounts for the Years preceding cannot be had from the Out ports; the Commissioners being informed, by several Answers already received. That many of the Books are wanting; the same having not been regularly delivered over on Deaths, or Removals of Officers, to the Persons who succeeded: But the Commissioners humbly take Leave to acquaint this honourable House, That from the general observations which have been made by the Officers of the Customs, the W ines brought into the Out Ports may bear a Proportion of about a Fourth Part to the Port of London:

Which is humbly fubrnitted to this honourable House.

Custom-house, London,

21 Max) 1713. J- Stanley, J. Bridges,'

Robert lVmJbn, L\ Gibbon.

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled.

In Obedience to an Order of this honourable House, of the 20th Instant, the Commissioners of her Majesty’s Customs humbly lay before them an Account of the Woollen Manufactures shipped at the Port of London, for France, for One Year, from Chrijhnas 1668, to Christmas 1669:

Which is humbly fubrnitted to this honourable House.

Custom-hpu'eJ London,

21 May 17:3. Robert J. Stanley,

J. Bridges, E. Gibbon.

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled.

In Obedience to an Order of this honourable House, dated the 18th Instant, the Commissioners of her Majesty’s Customs humbly lay before them an Account of the Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures for the Four Years before the Year 1703; the Species, and the Quantities of the several Years, being distinguished:

Which is humbly fubrnitted to this honourable House.

Custom-house, London,

20th May 1713. J. Stanley, J. Bridges,

E. Gibbon, Robert lVmson.

The said several Accounts are contained in the Three next succeeding Sheets hereto annexed.

Vo l. 17.

4Z

Ak

3 62 2i° Mail 1713.

AvACCOUNT of the Quantities of Brandy imported, annually, into the Port of from the Year

1674 to the \tur 1696, inclusive; w herein French Brandy, and those of other Countries, are distinguished.

Years. French brandy. I'oitugal H randy. Span i Hi Br midy. lCiiliu.11 Brandy. Brandy from U<iiiund.

Tung. O E- ’o 5 W d % I’ll ns: p V. Tuns. O r c V) Tuns. 0 E- 0" 3 01 p Tuns. g: 5»

1675 2»3>7 63 ——

1676 2,952 206 mm* * m ‘ 8 — —

1677 5»743 *7 ——

1678 2,808 55 ——

»679 - - - 57 5* 7 168 3 120 79 5

1680 55 136 101 125 158 199 A m 1,048 124

1681 - ~ no 128 243 396 *32 25 — 1,158 149

co VO 74 31 2,251 5r> 221 135 m m 933 1S5

1683 21 133 f,8oo 245 1 >5° 7i 7 2 20 319 200

1684 27 X 10 3.01° 201 55 52 m m - 47r 6>

1685 3.33 223 2,677 91 m — . >95 4 >54 85 46

16SG 1,568 215 - - -: 35 73 - 24 5 >8°

I0S7 2»599 200 m m m 23 — m 10 211

i6S3- 3.449 120 ——

1-689 3:937 229 - >3 — - - 17 201

1690 40 20 15 — 3 100 2 29 8 9

169 r 48 111 11 15 81 64 6 no 5 >2(J

1G92 3° 3° 16 7 90 49 1 9 81 6 220

lCm >9 53 3 5i 136 5 3 3 hi

1694 1 I 6 55 103 25 m 1 >33

>695 - - - 4> 84 16 26 104

1696 - 1 - 32 236 1 >3 — 28

26,058 75 10,107 84 1,492 220 81 24 4,160 128

Custom-hotife,

May x Sth 1713.

Chr. Tower, D. Collector.

Atr

12 Ann

21° Ma li. 3 61

An ACCOUx\'T of the Quantities of Wines imported, annually, into the Port of London, front the Year 1674 to the Year 1 696, tnclusive; wherein French Wines, and those of other Countries, are distiritruished.

m 7 O

French Wines. Poitugal Wines Span rlli \V ines. Italian \V ines. Rhenifli Wines.

O ' O O 9

"Ve;ua. Tuns. O Tuns. cT Tuns. E. Tuns. c j 1 Tuns.

, cn CO tn So I

i 675 7,49.5 88 20 41 4,012 16 30 j 53 1 539 50

1676 9,645 11 83 103 5,094 126 15 5i 465 113

1677 0,789 80 17G 24S 5,172 59 103 152 808 23

167S 7,212 2 199 206 5,654 6 1 129 108 1,451 183

1679 3 173 1,013 224 5,209 f4 6 34 56 3.189 161

16 So i 1 26 1,003 99 8,420 221 82 138 5,958 209

1681 - 1,718 230 5,799 91 89 43 7,072 30

16S2 - ij, SGo 201 5,448 193 101 129 1,7-13 138

1683 - Cj 16,772 7 5,601 116 103 49 1,260 192

16S4 - - 1 , G 11 108 11,285 181 71 5i 1,302 163

if>$5 m 12,185 140 4,430 100 433 96 1,457 *74

1 G8f> 12,7 Go 2J7 289 59 4693 222 57 26 812 101

1G87 i5,5iS 97 327 26 3,562 234 140 40 923 91

1G88 14,218 171 540 205 3,2jl 222 282 104 884 190

iGSy 11,109 92 579 220 4,650 115 156 249 563 193

1G90 755 162 i,iio 174 4,605 34 ' 8 103 664 76

1691 1 15 182 , 2,963 14S 5,128 40 593 106 853 3S

1692 ' - - 6,052 236 6,625 29 107 Mi 1,290 40

1G93 - - 8,200 172 6,237 87 242 56 1,024 7i

1G94 - - 9,454 18 8,623 247 110 34 880 240

1695 - - 3,9*3 14 5,934 2‘48 626 247 713 228

1696 - - 6,66 8 f68 6,6 fy 176 142 200 448 162 t

Total. 88,525 226 88,522 23 125,662 r 137 3,66i 216 24,309 93 t

Custom-hotffe, London,

Map the 18, 1713:

Ghr. Tower, D. Collectpr.

o

eg'

r — h

N'

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

o

0O_

ft

Am ACCOUNT, shewing the Quantities of Brandies imported into London, and the Out Ports of England, in Sixteen Years and One Quarter, distinct, from Michaelmas >696

to Christmas 1712; viz.

LONDON.

OUT PORTS.

Time imported.

From Michaelmas to Michaelmas From Michaelmas to Michaelmas From Michaelmas to Christmas From Christmas to Christmas To

16967

1697J

1697}

1698J

1699J

1700

1701 170*

1703

1704

1705

1706

1707

1708

1709

1710

1711

1712

Total of the Sixteen^ Years, and One Quarter J

Preach Brandy. Portugal Brandy. .<§ & ie Italian Brandy. Rhenirti Brandy.

? O ? % & ? 1 p Gallons. Hogsheads. Tuns. ? 0 i? % I s c S3 ? f Gallons. Hogsheads. Tuns. Gallons. IJogJheads. Tuns.

82 3 52 16 3 22 17 2 19 «3 36 01 1

50 0 3 26 1 27 16 3 43 0 3 15 -

2 2 56 - 006 m rn 0 0 37

45 0 48 18 3 32 . 147 3 82 1 19 1 3 56

175 30 24 1 19 62 1 56 19 2 21 0 1 34

193 3 3 1 2 26 10 3 2 1 0 15 0 1 17

149 2 28 1702 13 0 47 1 2 16 1 1 40

10 1 24 8 2 10 0 0 50 202 0 24

273 1 41 50 2 23 - 70 2 58 54 1 26

244 0 33 16 0 19 0211 55 3 45 6 1 47

80 2 42 10 1 20 6 3 37 28 3 4 0 0 q

163 0 24 7 2 13 11 1 25 17 0 14 0 1 11

15 0 47 5 1 47 2 0 40 - 004

36 0 54 6 1 52 0 0 13 -

44 3 24 008 4 1 23 0 0 57 0 3 25

9 i 16 14 3 56 29 3 44 9 3 39

50 3 22 15 2 48 10 3 57 19 2 25 13 u.

*>633 3 43 240 2 26 334 2 18 301 0 60 280 2 3

Custom-house, Inspector General’s Office, the 18th May 1713.

Time imported. French Brandy; Portugal Brandy. Spanish Brandy. Italian Brandy. Rhenish Brandy.

H c s on SE e OQ 9 O s. w a 2L o* 9 CA H 6 s s 0 0Q 5> re s. M 0 £- P CO 3 1 re B. «o 0 EL 0* a on H ' c D on s era ? S. on O EL .1 H c D to a 0 ? A 6. on 0 3^ O 3 M

From Michaelmas 1696} to Michaelmas 1697) 9 2 3 5 0 58 26 0 37

From Michaelmas 1697 J 153 8 8

to Michaelmas 16985 3 32 0 0 3 2 12 0 i 17 0 I

From Michaelmas 1698} 43 8

to Christmas 1698 J 0 2 0 0 -

From Christmas 1698! to Christmas 1699 ( 36 1 2 1 0 0 11 2 40 1 2 6 1 3 42

To 1700 20 0 14 15 1 36 93 0 15 0 0 12 3 3 57

1701 18 2 25 1 2 2 8 1 16 m - 12 3 5<i

1702 49 0 34 0 1 58 1 1 35 - - 0 2 60

1703 142 2 42 23 1 37 0 1 8 - - 1 1 37

1704 252 2 11 13 2 47 - - - - 1 0 0

1705 236 0 33 1 1 5 - m - - 4 1 13

1706 400 3 23 7 2 8 5 1 13 0 0 24 0 0 25

1707 136 3 37 2 0 4 1 1 4« - - 7 1 3

1708 97 1 26 0 2 43 0 0 13 0 0 20 8 2 58

1709 112 1 40 0 0 42 11 0 7 - - 7 1 62

1710 82 1 27 5 2 19 1 1 15 1 O 3i 11 3 1

1711 .32 0 8 i3 1 13 0 0 29 3 1 8 4 3 33

1712 50 2 36. 15 1 29 18 0 5 0 2 3 8 1 6

Total of the Sixteen-} Years, and One Quarter j 1,832 0 58 106 3 39 181 3 22 6 3 58 75 0 53

Total of London and» Out Ports in the above-, said time - - -V 3,466 0 38 311 2 2 516 1 40 308 0 55 355 2 56

C\

4*

b*f

O

Charles Davenant.

Ex. J. J3.

UJ

VOL. 17

Ah ACCO’U'N t fhefting the Quantity of Wines imported into London, and the 0«A Ports of -England, in Sixteen Yeat-s, and One Quarter, froth Michaelmas 1696, to 12; M

LONPON.

OUT POSITS.

Time imported.

to Christmas From Ch

C-x

To Christmas

1700

1701

1702

1703

1704

1705

1706

1707

1708

1709

1710

1711 V*7*2

Custofti-hotrtfe, I nfpeftorOenerare Office, the 18th May 1713.

Total of London and> the Out Ports in the> *6,553 1 39: *8,908 o 62 ftbovesaid time - - )

French Portugal Spanish Italian Khetufh Time im Domed. French Tortufcal fipaoifh Italian

Wine. Wine. Wine. Wine. Wine. A\ me. Wim. Wine. ‘ Wine.

0 ff % & i § s. ? 09 Gallons. 1 Hogsheads. Tuns. i Gallons. Hogsheads. Tuns. a H S ® g B> & S 2 0 {L V r ® v l I § E* " I H cS ft i x § g & <* 0 s. u» i ? g. I fM Gallons* Hogsheads, Tuns. w? s? 0 e5 OQ to: 9 t F a- «o to

4,260 0 01 396 From Michaelmas 16967 lOO 3 61:

I84 O l8 6,935 0 10 33* 0 2 62 to Michaelmas 16973 5*4 3 12 633 1 47 Ofl 20

3,621 0 29 5,931 a 60 7750 8 693 From Michaelmas 1607) 1,703 2 40 28 3 21

*»439 0 34 ° 45 *7 / \ to Michaelmas 1698) 43° 2 4 GO K> 24

136 1 43 812 0 49 801 1 32 136 0 40 From Michaelmas 1608) 3* 4* *86 0 39

29 2 55 to Christmas 1698) 3 2 44 2 0 59

' 228 2 15 8,017 1 53. 8,233 3 45 2,454 1 41 512 0 52 From Christmas to Christmas 1698) 1699) 62 3 37 686 2 27. *,118 2 53 18 2 54

570 0 23 6,584 018 9,788 3 26 *,°5° 3 34 591 0 61 1700 94 *7 *,073 33 2,492 3 42 32 0 56

*.73* 47 6,372 3 53 8,477 34 1,288 2 4 669 1 21 1701 . 3*9 1 *6- 1,036 0 4 857 3 54 1,295 2 28 56* 3 *3 124 1 4

1,297 1 62 5,069 0 55 5,849 1 39 932 1 30 632 1 15 1702 .387 3 *5 157 °

156 0 13 7,4*5 3 6 334 27 *»°45 ° 37 697 3 21 1703 702 0 53 *,«42 3 *3 11 0 38 - 48 i i9

391 0 27 8,164 1 5 980 <1 -55 1,931 1 58: 59° 5* *7°4 1 905 i* 1,763 1 46 3*4 4° 34 49

679 a 17 6,006 i 31 1,661 0 38 *,*55 3 53 399 1 29 To Christmas I *7°5 5o6 3 50 2,444 *4 *53 *9 49 3 60

186 2 11 3,094 2 28 1,623 0 7 *°5 3 3 299 1 29 1706 335 3 49 *,543 0 *73 43 . 70 0 8

733 0 5* 7,07a 2 5 - *,363 5 1,229 2 *6 522 1 12 *7°7 453 55 i,936 39 473 3 43 40 3 22

119 3 S8 7 >5 5 2 4; hi>4 3 36 1,670 2 3 5*4 1 10 1708 215 3 22 2,118 1 55 824 3 61 22 1 10

302-2-53 -6,-68 -1 32 - -,356 3 3s &80 s 486 ° 35 1709 427 1 12 1,498 2 11 7*5 3 *3 29 2 18

*49 2 *4° £4*7 1 48 4,664 2 13 2,459 1 5° 14)08 15 4i* 43 1710 163 2 57 1,285 1 33 - 1,250 0 24 81 a 7

606-1 18 5t8« 1‘4 - M8? 3 61 466 .3 AA 1711 218 3 40 *,744 3 *3 . 1,056 0 49 693 1 1 *37 6

698 1 36 5,647 a 62 3,625 0 62 827 3 4 433 018 L*712 3°8 3 38 1,028 0 23 21 3 17

_ 3 43 97,071 1 aa 67,53° 0 20,484 0 24 8,356 ° 37 Total of the Sixteen1) Years, and One Quarter) 6,939 1 59 21,836 3 4° 12,266 3 44 891 0 3

79.797 0

*.375 o *7

llhenifli

Wine.

H

O

p

S.

*5 3 21

100 1 *5

5 2 33

43 3 5*

121 2 53

128 3 7

66 2 *4

5° 0 6

43 1 4

42 1 45

3o 0 28

46 2 38

45 2 3*

58 1 11

18 1 3«

34 2 a

11 2 3*

863 3 49

' 9,220 o 2$

1 I, t m

Ex. J.B,

X

Charles Davenant,

K>

z

z

HH

O

00

Os

Vn

o

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

o

An ACCOUNT of Woollen Manufacture shipped at the Port of London, for France, from 1668 to 1669.

Double Bay*, per Pi. Flanel, per Yard. CottOD, per Goad. Singla Bays. per Ps. Perpets, per I. Miniking Bays, per Ps. stuff's, per L Worsted Host, per Dozen. Woollen Hose, per-Dozen., Serges, per A. . Says, - f*r * Welftt Plains, per Goad.

»55* *»724 102,270 1,583* 39.739 202 13,681 2,443 2,030 J 94,187 7,741 550

Cloth Lifts. per Yard. Kcrfica. Spanish Cloths. Short Cloths. Long Cloths. Penistones, uafrizftd. Woollen Cloth, n Remnants,/*r /. Double Dozens. Penifttnss, frized. White Woollen BroadCloth, per I. Single Doztn. Cloth Rallies.

25,70° 6,035* 2,349* 135* 466* 9 277 421 206* 12 202 17

Custom House, London, This is a true Account, as appears by her Majesty’s Books, kept in the Searcher’s office.

2.1st May 1713. P. Bertie,

Walker,

on

On

An ACCOUNT {hewing the Quantities of the Woollen Manufacture exported to all Parts beyond Sea, in Four Years, from 1698 to Christmas 1702 j viz.

From Christraas 1698 To Christmas 1699. — To — Christmas 1700. — To — Christmas 1701. — To — Christmas 1702.

i,668f Ps. 1,36 ;* Ps. 346 Ps. 232 Ps.

36,629 Ps. 45,062 Ps. 51,770* Ps. 41,6254 Ps.

9,952 Ps. 8,386* Ps. 7,572 Ps. 8,898 Ps.

26,988 Ps. 25,7654 Ps. 33,311 Ps. 33,974 Ps.

2,98 ;^ Doz. 2,9924 4>565tj*- Doz. 4,596 Doz.

3664 Ps. 771 Ps. 19^4 Ps. *47t P®*

37 P*.

115,236 Yards. 173,360 Yards. 90,257 Yards. 127,500 Yards.

3‘,3'7 Pf- 32,102* Ps. 36,516 Ps. 24,8874 Ps.

3,052* I s. 618* Ps. 1,548* Ps. 1,059 Ps-

73,5964|b. 52,59* ,b* 54,604 lb. 61,9791b.

18,783 Ps. 13,509 Ps. 20,046 Ps. 15,4554- Ps-

11,913 Ps. 9,757-f Ps. 10,554 Ps. 7,3694 Ps.

281,053 Goads. 495,337 Goads. 381,161 Goads. 247,973 Goads.

41,069 Goads. 15,135 Goads. 12,197 Goads.

".33 PS- 48 Ps. - -

2,933 2,349 iV - 1,614 N* 757 N*

9634 Ps.

10,477* Ps. 6,521 P*. 8,0144 Ps. 19,206 Ps.

33* Ps.

> 1 k i

ifi

J3

O

u

C Bamfiaple

Double (2 j Minikin (Singe -Caps, plain Monmouth ' Broad -Cardinals Lifts Long Rashes Remnants Short -

Spanish Cottons -Cottons, Welsh Plains Coverlets, Caddas Coverlets, Wool and Hair Devon Dozens, double Devon Dozens, tingle Dorset Dozens, double

Total of the Four Years.

3,614 Ps. 175,0864 Ps. 34.8084 Ps. 120,0384 Ps. I5>I4»-j-Doz. i.477t Ps.

37 Ps.

5°°, 353 Yards. 124,823 Ps.

6,2784 Ps. 242»77°i lb. 67.7834 Ps. 39.5944 Ps. i.4°5>524 Goads. 116,010 Goads.

181 Ps. 7.653 N*

9634 Ps.

2i° Man. 1713.

g

cq'

N

CD

Q_

O"

O

o

h»

Dorset Dozens, Angle Dornix, or Tapestry Dunsters

Flanel

Frize - -

v? C Beaver and Castor

« Carolina S (Felt -Kersies

Northern Dozens, double Northern Dozens, Angle Northern Carpets Peniftons, frized Peniftons, unfrized -Perpetuanas and Serges Rugs, Irish

Says

c

M

U

ID

Stuffs

f Childrens Woollen Childrens Worsted Mens Woollen -Mens Worsted Womens Woollen Womens Worsted Cloth -Ends

Irish - -

Kersey

Staffs with Silk Taviftocks Thrums -Waistcoats Woollen Waistcoats Worsted

3

o

r

{ Blanket and Rugs Caps, Woollen and Worsted -Carpets, Woollen - ,

Curtains and Valance -Gloves, Woollen and Worsted Rowlers for Stockings Sleeves, Woollen and Worsted Socks, Woollen - -

Woollen Goods, severalSorts

65 Ps.

36 Ps.

209,060 \ ards. 162,553 Yards. 6,076 Doz.

110-14 Doz. 7,143 Doz. 57.9851 Ps. 2,57 HPs-

28,454 Ps.

1,086 Ps.

74It Ps. 1,618,160 lb. 1,412 N° 279,231 lb. 19,4151 Doz. 2,156* Doz. 37,19s* Doz. 38,615* Doz. 2,845 Doz. 182*1 Doz.

5,094^ Doz. 549* Doz.

[,169,726 lb. 33,909 lb. 180 Ps.

551* Do*. 23-rr Doz.

3*791

113

688

M

24

«31

s.

*9

5

l5

d.

8

3

7

8

66 10 —

46 Ps.

371 lb and 192 Yards. 6 Ps. 268,6o8f Yards. 170,541 Yards. 5,814* Doz.

8844 Doz. 5,23644 Doz.

6,885* Ps-

7,2011 Ps.

2-5,153Ps-

50 N°

8011 Ps. 294 Ps.

5>3M,°55 lb. 3,238 N# 351,989 lb. 11,6524- Doz. 1,6004 Doz. 3°,3544 Do*-41,921! Doz. i,333tV Doz. 472* Doz. 24 Doz. 6,4024 Doz. 442* Doz.

rn m m

1,351,121 lb.

14,393 lb.

2o8| Ps.

36 lb. 1,138-rv Doz. 8304 Doz.

£. s. d. 3,522 13 — 237 8 8

280 17 6

180 10 —

*3 9 — 195 4 —

- 17 8

72 12 —

360 Yards.

3*0,393 Yards. 14 8,017 Yards. 5,007 tv Doz.

564.4 Doz. 5,6634,. Doz. 59,832 Ps. M,745 Ps-34,1*9* Ps.

885 Ps.

362 Ps. 3,582,712 lb. *,891 N# 301,142 lb. 10,532* Doz.

1,10044 Doe. 87,66144 Doz. 29,2504 Doz. 1,196 Doz. 4784 Doz.

8,6044 Doz. 533* Doz.

6 Doz. 1,584,102 lb. 6,634 lb.

105 Ps.

2,309* Doz. 9494 Doz.

L s. d.

i,977 6 —

127 5 8

597 m 5 —

194 6 6

18 5 —

410 1 6

.283,108! Yards. 150,647 Yards. 4,195 Doz.

364- Doz. 3,834* Doz. 71,53*4 Ps.

7,14» Ps. 15,646 Ps.

1,002 Ps.

202 Ps. 4,073,885 lb.

201,738 lb.

10,303 Doz. 1,189 Doz. 4i,°93-it- Doz. 33,4114. Doz.

2 0194. Doz.

1294. Doz.

5,92644 Doz. 40* Doz.

1,294,229 lb.

4,446 lb.

10a Ps.

873"^r Doz* 495*4 Doz.

£. s. d. 5,041 12 6

35i 15 —

98 10 —

89 8 6

- 6 9

m m

6 10 —

1

— 12 — r

111 Ps.

371 lb. and 552 Yards.

42 Ps. 1,081,170* Yards. 640,758 Yards. 21,092- Doz.

293-rV Doz. 21,877- Doz.

196,2354 Ps-

31,666* Ps. 103,382* Ps.

50 N’ 3,774* Ps-1,5994 Ps-17,588,812 lb.

7,54i N* 1,134,100 lb. 5i,9034i Doz. 6,04 7t4 Doz. 146,3074^ Doz. 143,198*- Doz. 7,393-iVDoz. 1,263* Doz.

24 Doz. 26,028- Doz. 1,56544 Doz-6 Doz. 5,399,178 lb. 59,382 lb.

5954 Ps-36 lb. 4,872! Doz. 2,29844 Doz. £. * d.

M,333 11 829 14 1,665 7 283 18 48 3 620 18

7 7 85 7 482 13

Inspector General’s Office, the 20th May 1713.

Charles Davenant. 0\

-4

Exa./.

12 Ann. 21

Harvty’s Eft ale.

Robberici io Houses.

Tobacco

Trade.

368 Mali. 1713.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Harvey the elder, Esquire, and William Harvey, Esquire. his Son, to settle a Jointure, and

grant a Lease; and for vesting the Inheritance, after a Term of Five hundred Years, of Lands, in , in

Trullees, to -be ibid, for railing Portions for his Daughters, was read the First time.

fiefolved.That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing, and punching, Robberies that shall be committed in Hpufes, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Bejblved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Rill.

Mr. Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the several Petitions of the Merchants in London and Bristol, trading in Tobacco, on behalf of themselves, and the Planters of Virginia and Maryland, were referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards de-ivered it in at, the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee had, according to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and find the same to he as followeth, fife.

That the Commissioners of the Customs attended the Committee, and agreed; That Tobacco imported pays Six Pence and One-third of a Peny per Pound for Customs; and that the Merohants give Baud to pay the new Subsidy in Three Months, and the Additional, and One-third, Subsidy, in Nine Months; and that Eighteen Months are allowed, by Law, for Exportation, as set forth in the said Petitions:

That to proye the othqr Allegations of the Petitions;

Mr. Richard Perry, Merchant, said, That the high

Duties payable on Tobacco imported and fold in this Kingdom, are more than it can Tear: To prove which, he presented a List of 24 Bankrupts who had been of late Years considerable Merchants and Planters:

Thathimself, and others, must have been in the like Condition, if they had npt lessened their Trade ip Tobacco; for that it would have been impossible for them to have paid the Duties: And it appeared to the Committee, by 15 several Accounts produced, for the Years 1709, 10, 11, and 12, That our Virginia and Maryland Tobacco fells in foreign Markets; viz. in Holland and Spain, for less than the Customs, Freight, and Charges, amounts to, considerably, besides the prime Cqft in £hp Plantations:

That this has caused divers other Merchants utterly to leave off trading in Tobacco; so that that Trade, which was formerly carried on, and encouraged, here, by Merchants, is fallen into the.Hands of the Planters, who cannot-subsist by it; and consequently the Plantation Trade, and Navigation, of this Nation, will be very much lessened:

That the high Duties, and Freight on Tobacco, in the Reign of the late King /Pm. was one great Cause of lessening our Plantation Trade; for this put the Dutch upon planting vast Quantities of Tobacco; who can afford to fell it cheaper than the Petitioners by One-half, and supply those foreign Markets which the Petitioners formerly served; viz. Stockholm, Hamburgh, Bremen, and many other Places, and even the Hollanders themselves: And they now mix Three-fourths of their own Tobacco with One of ours in Rolls; though formerly it; was One-fourth of theirs to Three-fourths of her Majesty’s Plantations: And Mr. Perry said, He has now 1,800 Hogsheads of Tobacco on shore, and there are

now on board, in the River of Thames, above 6,000 Hogslieads, which, one with another, will not yield -so Jh.per Hogshead, after Customs, and other Charges,

.paid; though the Duties amount to above 120,000; And that he has lessened his Trade, by Two-thirds, for 10 Years last past; and must continue so to do, unless Encouragement be given.

That it appeared also to the Committee, by an Account delivered in by Mr. Gerard Raesfield, which he affirmed to be the bell Account he could get in those Parts, About Five Years since, of the yearly Growth of several Tobacco Plantations in Holland and Germany, viz.

} log (heads.

In the Province of Utrecht - - - 22,000

In Vehie, Gdderland, and County of Zutplien 24,700 In Oventfftl ----- - 16,500

In Cleeves, or Cleveland - - - - 9,000

In Germany ----- - 21,000

Amounting in all, to 93,800 Hogsheads j each Hogs? head containing 500 Pounds of Tobacco:

And that the Dutch vastly increased their Plantations, by reason of the great Duties on Tobacco here, in the Reign of King William; and fold their Tobacco at Five Guilders per C. Weight.

Mr. Linton laid, He ul'ed to employ above 300 poor PnrXons,-annually, -here, in rolling Tobacco; but the Hollanders have intirely gotten that Trade.

Mr. Tho. Cary said, That he traded in exporting Tobacco, for 25 Years, into Holland, , and up the

Bultick, totPe Value of,£. ioo, oco per Annum; but has now left it off, by reason the Dutch supply the foreign Market oheaper than the EngMerchants can afford it; and that he has great Quantities of Leaf Tobacco at Stockholm, and elsewhere, which he cannot dispose of but to considerable Loss.

That, to prove that Planters now make Woollen, Linen, and other Manufactures;

Mr. Doy/ey said, He is a Native of Virginia, and came from theuce but a Month ago: that he lived'on James River for Six Years: and that the Planters there have left off planting Tobacco, and apply themselves to the making of Shoes, Linen, planting Cotton, and making of Druggets, in Surry County; and tdipost every House has a Loom: And said, That Captain Boling loft f. 50 per Cent, in returning Tobacco hither.

Mr. Charles Chiswell, Merchant, said, He lived in Virginia and Maryland for above 10 Years last past; and came from thence about Six Mouths since: That iu Ten Counties they have left off planting Tobacco, and, instead thereof, fow Wheat and Rarlev, which they export to Lisbon, and other Places; and most Families now spin Linen, Woollen, and Cotton, and keep Sheep, who used to have none:

That the high Duties on Tobacco have caused the Decrease of the Plantation Trade; and has heard it generally said, That the Planters will lJiip no more for England; and, if the planters qould make but f. 3 per Hogshead, he believes they would rather turn their Hands to the Tobacco Trade than any other.

Mr. Micajah Pern/ produced 10 several Policies of Insurance, within Three Years last, for several Ships Lading of Wheat that was exported from Virginia, and other Places on that Continent, to Lisbon, and the Ma-deras\ and that their Corn is much better than our English Corn, and is bought there from 18 to is. 6d. per Bushel; and fells for more titan our Wheat

at Lisbon, and th e Maderas.

Mr. Tobias Bowles said, That about Nine Years since ;he was in Virginia; and then their Corn was better, harder, and heavier, than English Corn, and that little or none was then exported from the Plantations.

John Falkner said, That Virginia Corn will keep better than English; and that ’tis within Four or Fivg Years that Corn has been exported from the Plantations; and, as a Proof of its Goodness, lie said, they export it in Bulk from the Plantations, whereas the English Corn is exported in Bags.

Mr. Milner, Merchant, said, That himself, and

several

iaANN. ji°,

several other Importers of Tobacco, received threatening Letters from the Custom-hotife, that, if they did notdif-charge their Bonds given, payable at Three Months, and Nine Months, they would be put in Suit J although it had been the general Practice not to call for Payment of those Bonds until the time allowed, by Law* for Exportation, was expired: And Mr. Milner further said; That the hasty Exportation of 15 or 16,000, Hogsheads of Tobacco to Holland, within Three Months after Importation, to prevent Prosecution of the Three Months Bonds, did occasion the Selling thereof for less than the Freight, Custom, and Charges, besides the Prime Colt intirely loft.

That, in answer to this last Paragraph, the Commissioners of the Customs presented to the Committee their Report to the Lord Treasurer, of the 26th t)ay of March last, upon the Tobacco Merchants Represen-tation to the Lord Treasurer, touching the Hardships they lay under; and praying to be indulged, so far as that their Bonds for Customs might not be put in Suit till after the time allowed, by Law, for Exportation of their Tobaccoes, be expired; which Representation the Lord Treasurer referred to the said Commissioners, to consider well the Cafe, and report what was fit for his Lordship to do therein:

That, by the said Report, it appeared, That, on the 2ot h of February last, the Commissioners taking into Consideration the State of the Bonds in the Hands of their Receiver General, they gave him Order to call upon the Merchants tocleartheir Bonds; to the Intent ihey might have no Reason to complain of their Bonds being delivered over to the Solicitor, to be put in Suit without timely Notice: And that, on the 10th of March, the Receiver General wrote Lettejs to

the Tobacco Merchants accordingly; which might occasion the said Represen tat ion: But none of those Bonds have as yet been putin Suit, till the time for Exportation has been expired, utiless where the Circum-itances of the Debt required immediate Proeefs: And that, considering the Merchants have been always so far indulged, that their Bonds, though payable before the Emi of 18 Months, have not been prosecuted till the Expiration of that time, the Commissioners cou-ceived ;t a Hardship on the Trade to put the Laws in Execution at this time, by a vigorous Prosecution of the said Bonds as they become due: But that this In* diligence, being, in Strictness, not conformable to the several Laws granting the said Duties, the Merchants were only rtlieveable by Parliament:

And the Commissioners said, They thought it reason* able, and for the Ease of Trade, that the same time be given for Payment of the Duties upon Bonds, as is allowed for Exportation; and that Twelve Months are enough for both, as they conceive; and that *tis hard for the Merchants to pay Interest on their Bonds, and have none allowed them on their Debentures and Certificates.

That, in pursuance of the Instruction from this House to the Committee, That they do consider of Ways to secure the Duties of her Majesty’s Customs, and to prevent the Running of Tobacco, the Committee thought it proper to have the Assistance of the Commissioners of the Customs, and also of the Tobacco Merchants, therein; which they severally delivered to the Committee in Writing; and which the Committee have ordered to be presented to the House; viz.

The Return of the Commissioners, pursuant to an Order of the Committee, N* 1.:

Patent Officers of the Customs Proposal for securing the Duties on Tobacco, N° 2.:

Tobacco Merchants Answers to the Proposals of the Commissioners of the Customs, N* 3.:

The Commissioners Observations on the Tobacco Merchants Answ ers, N* 4.:

And the Tobacco Merchants Reply to the Commissioners Observations, N* 5.:

Which are as follow;

Vox.. 17.

To the .'honourable the Committee, to whdrti the Petition of the Merchants iu ,trading in

Tobacco, is referred.

i The Commissioners of her Majesty’s Customs, in pur* fuan.ee of an Order of the honourable Committee, of the 8th Instant, do humbly lay before them the following Proposals; which they conceive may be necessary for the better securing her Majesty’s Customs, and preventing the Running of Tobacco:

That all Tobaccoes be landed in.....Days after

Importation, or the Report of the Ship; and that, on paying down the Half Subsidy, the same be put into proper Warehouses, under the Queen’s Locks:

That all damaged Tobacco, which the Merchant shall refuse to pay Duty for, be separated and destroyed:

That the Tobacco which shall be taken out of such Warehouses for Home-confuinption, within Months, shall pay the Remainder of the Duties, with

.....Discounts, to be computed in proportion from the time of the Entries, or on good Security for paying

the same in.....Months: And that all Tobacco for

Exportation be not delivered but of the said Warehouses, but in order to be forthwith exported; and upon Oath, and Security, not to be re-landed, Sic.: Nevertheless, if any Merchant shall, upon Entry, pay down all the Duties of the said Tobacco, the same shall be forthwith delivered to him, with a fitting Discount, as an Encouragement for so doing:

That all Tobacco remaining in such Warehouses, after ..... Months, shall be fold publickly, by Inch of Candle; the Produce to be applied, first, to Payment of the Duties; and the Overplus to be rendered to the Merchant:

That all Persons that flat or cut Tobacco stalks be liable to a Fine; and that all Mills, or other Engines, used in the flatting or cutting Tobacco (talks, be destroyed:

That Provision be made for a proper Encouragement for the exporting Cut or Roll Tobacco, upon due Proof of the Duties having been paid:

All n hich is humbly submitted.

Custom-hotife, London,

12th.il/ay1713.'

J. , J- ,

Robert IV , E. Gibbon.

Patent Officers of the Customs Proposal for securing the Duties on Tobacco.

May it please your Honours,

Having received your Minute, of the 8th Instant$ wherein we are to consider of Ways to secure the Duties, and prevent the Running, of Tobacco, and lay the same before the Board: wecraveLeavetoinformyou, That we doobserve the high Duties upon Tobacco have brought that Trade into few Hands; that a great many of them are already broke; and that most of those w ho remain dill in that Trade, are so embarrafied in great Debts to the Crown, for the Duties on Tobacco, that they areata Stand, and cannot go on therein; so that we cannot think of any better Way to preserve the Trade, and secure the Duties than if it were possible Ly lefi’ening the Duties; without which, we are afraid, the Importation of Tobacco will lessen yearly: As for Wa3-s to prevent the Running of Tobacco, that Information will better be given you by those Officers that are concerned in the landing and re-shipping Tobacco for Exportation:

All which is humbly submitted.

Dated, Custom-house, Chr. Towenfend,

London, E. Sr. G.

the 9th May 1713. E. Downing, Ct.

The Answers of the Virginia Merchants to the Proposals of the honourable Commissioners of her Majesty’s Customs, laid before this honourable Committee on the X2th of May 1713.

In the Proposals of the honourable Commissioners of Customs, laid before this honourable Committee, it is proposed;

5 B " That

TobaecW

Trade/

Tobacco

Trade,

370 21

"That allTobaccocs be landed in..... Days after " Importation, or the Report of the Ship; and that, on paying down the Half Subsidy, the same be put into " proper Warehouses, under the Queen’s Locks

We humbly apprehend, That these Warehousesr are to be general and compuffive; if they are intended as ffach, we are of Opinion, that they will be found impracticable; and, in the Consequence, ruin this Trade:

It will be hard for the Merchant, upon Entry of his Goods, to pay down the Half Subsidy, and thereby be fabje&ed to pay Freight and Charges; and; at the same time; hare his Property locked' up; which will be attended'with the following Evils; viz.

Such Tobaccoes as are only forforeigwConfomption-mull, after landed, be sorted as the several Markets require; there being frequently different Sorts'in the' fttme Hogshead; and very often a great many damaged, which must of necessity be re-packed:

There are many Perl'ons who come from foreign Parts, and Merchants commissioned here, bay final! Parcels for' Exportation; which cannot be done without great Difficulty, if our Tobaccoes are kept under the Queen’s Locks;

For want of having our Tobacco within our Pbflfef- fions, to fort anddlfpose of it, as before-mentioned,' we must be obliged to export, in gross, our whole Parcels for Holland, &c.; whither the Buyers will naturally resort, to suit themselves with proper Parcels:

This Method of housing Tobacco will utterly destroy the Roll and Cutting Trade: Rolling requires a great Number of Hands, and very much Room: Besides, the Mystery, which every Manufacturer keeps as a Secret," to support himself and Family by, he will not expose to publick View, which cannot be avoided in these Warehouses: This will quite take away our manufacturing Tobacco, and, consequently, the Labour of many Thousands of Poor: Tobacco is very different in Quality, from any other Commodity which at present are under this Way of Warehousing; viz. Pepper, Coffee, TCa: Such Warehouses would oblige the Merchant to ‘ expose his Customers, and the Privacy of his Affairs; and give the Buyers a great Advantage, by knowing what Quantity of Tobacco remains in the Importers Hands; which is the Business of both Buyer and Seller to keep as a Secret:

No Merchant can possibly raise ready Money to clear his Tobacco out of the said Warehouses while the Duties remain thus high: Besides, all Merchants give large Credits when they lellthcir Tobacco; from SiX to Sixteen Months: And if, as the Commissioners propose, the Tobacco may be delivered the Merchant out of the Warehouses on giving Security, the Security may as well be taken at the time of the: Merchants Entry, without putting him to the Charge and Trouble of housing:

It’s intended. That all Tobacco taken out of these Warehouses shall not be capable of Exportation, and a Drawback; whereas all Merchants, when they have, for a whole Year’s Trade, fold all they can in this Kingdom, they must at lall clear their Warehouses of the ordinary Sort of Tobacco so left, by exporting it generally to Spain, &c. to make Snuff: If this be not allowed, some Merchants will, in Two or three Years Trade, have their Warehouses filled with ordinary Tobacco; and' their ready Money, which they have advanced to clear their Tobacco out of the Queen’s Warehouses, . will be effectually locked up in their own, without any Prospeet of turning it into Money to carry on their Trade.

It is proposed, by the Commissioners, " That all damaged Tobacco, which the Merchant flia.ll refuse " to pay Duty for, be separated and destroyed :"

This Proposition will be very difficult in the Execution: But if this honourable Committee shall think fit to make a Trial, we humbly desire, that it may be a temporary Law only, for Three Years; and that Provision be made, that the Merchants may have a Consideration for the Freight, and prime Cost, of their Tobacco so destroyed: As_to Stalks; if the Mills are prohibited to fiat them, and a reasonable Value given 21

Mail,

A. 1713.

by the Queen, on their Delivery to the Officers, to b* destroyed, it will effectually cure this Evil.

In Obedience to the Order of this honourable Committee, we hope we have herein artfwered the several Articles of the Commissioners of the Customs to your Honours Satisfaction: We cannot but conclude, this* Way of housing Tobacco, as they propose, is utterly impracticable; and will put a finishingStroke' to this Trade* and effectually'rivet the Planters in the feve--ral Manufactures wherein they have made so great a’ Progress:

For remedy whereof, we humbly propose;

First, That the Merchants Bonds for Payment of all the Duties on Tobacco, and' the time of Exportation, may commence from the Day of the Merchant’s Entry: That all the Duties on Tobacco, which, by Law, may be secured, be put into One Bond, payable Eighteen Months, which is the time allowed, by Law,' for Exportation:

That there be the same Allowance for Waftd and* Decay on all the final! Duties as is now, by Law, allowed on the Impost Duty:

That the Half Subsidy, or Halfpeny per Pound1 Weight, on Tobacco, now detained, may be also drawn-back on Exportation.

Unless these Indulgences be granted by Parliament; the greatest Part of the foreign Trade will be inevitably loft, and the Plantations rendered useless to tain-, which we humbly think is a national Concern, and hope may deserve the Consideration of this honourable Committee.

The Duties on Tobacco for the Home-consumption: are so vastly high, above Six times the Value, That the Planters have not, of late Years, been able, by its Produce, to clothe the Servants that made it: It is therefore humbly, hoped this present Parliament will lower the Duty:

If this be not granted, the Revenue will in this, as Experience (hews it has in Pepper, and aH other Cafes of the like Nature, annually decrease: For it is not possible to secure foexceflive a Duty on what is of so little Value in itself from fraudulent Practices, but by such oppressive Methods as will force the fair Merchant to quit a Trade, which can be carried on by none but Persons whose Morals and Fortunes are equally desperate.

This would be prevented by a moderate Duty, and undoubtedly bring more Money into the Exchequer; protect the fairTrader;cause the Planters toapply themselves, as formerly, ouly to making Tobacco; and very much increase the Navigation, as well as the Exports of Woollen, and other Manufactures, from Great Britain.

If damaged Tobacco and Stalks are destroyed, and these Indulgences granted, it wiU fake off the Temptation to all the Frauds practised, which the many good Lkws now in Force are, by Experience, found not able to prevent.

All which is humbly submitted.

May 16th, 1713.

Robert Dunckley, Tho.Cary, T/10. Corbin, Richard Pei*ry, John Hyde,

Rithard Lee, Henry Offley, John Falconer, Geo. Hatley, John Maynard, Smith,

John Linton, Henry Dee, T/10. Wharton.

Win.Dawkins, Humphry Bell,

To the honourable the Committee of the House of Commons, to whom the Petition of the Merchants in London, trading in Tobacco, is veferred:

The said Merchants having, in pursuance of the Directions of this honourable Committee, of the 12th Instant, attended the Commissioners of her Majesty’4 Customs with a Copy of a Paper, which, as they acquainted that Board, they intended to lay before this Committee, in Answer to the Proposals of the said Com midi oners for securing the Duties, and preventing the Running of Tobacco: The Commissioners humbly make these following Obfei rations; viz.

That the Commissioners are not convinced, by what has been offered by the Merchants, That the putting all Tobaccoes under the Queen’s Lock is either impracticable.

i 2 Ann.

4ip M

37i

ticable, or prejudicial to the Trade; but, on the contrary, are of Opinion, it is capable of being put in such a Method as may be agreeable to the Conveniencyof each Merchant: Nor was it intended, by their Pro^ pofals, That Tobacco entered should be put inijo Ware^ Iioufes out of the Custody of the Merchant, but under the joint Locks of the Queen, and each Propriei.br. , But if it shall not be thought fit to oblige all Merchants to put their Tobaccoes imported under the Queen’s Lock; yet the Commissioners are humbly of Opinion,! it will be necessary for securing ihe Revenue, that where Merchants shall not offer sufficient Security for the Duties that may be bonded, and make Entry of 40 Days. the Tobaccoesin Days, they may

be permitted, upon Entry and Payment of the Subsidy, and giving their tingle Obligation, only, for the other Duties, to put the same into Warehouses, under the joint Locks of the Queen, and the said Merchants: And if the Merchant thall neglect or refuse to enter 40 Days, their Tobaccoes in Days, it is hum-

bly proposed, That the Queen have a Power 9 Moi:*v not only to land the Tobacco, but in , Months to put the same to publick Sale for

Payment of the Duties, and rendering t he Overplus to the j^ Days. Proprietors, giving Days publick No-

tice of such Sale; to the end the Proprietors may, if they think fit, upon Payment of the Duties, receive such Tobaccoes into their own Custody before Sale;

But if the Merchants whose Tobaccoes are in Ware-hoofes, under the Queen’s Lock, thall, upon Payment, or Securing, of the Customs, take their Tobaccoes from the said Warehouses,' with Intention to dispose of the same for the Home consumption, or Manufacturing, by Cutting, or making into Roll; and thall afterwards export such Tobaccoes, or any Part thereof, within the time limited by Law; that, in such Case, they be allowed the ufnal Drawback, upon due Proof of the Duties’ having been paid, or secured j being the Provisioii Intended by the Comniiffibners,‘in their Propofols; as‘an Encouragement for exporting Cut and'Roll ^obacco.

The Commissioners do not object againstwhat the* Merchants desire, That the Law may be' temporary, for the separating arid destroying damaged Tobacco; But, forasmuch as: such Tobacco is, for the most part/ either what is called Sea-Damage, for which the Merchants pay no Freight; or Country-Damage, occasioned bn purpose, or for want of due Care in the Conveyance and Shipping the re, and which is in their Power to prevent; the Commissioners can fee no Reason wliy any Consideration should he made the Merchants by the Crown, in respect thereof.

As to the preventing the Use of Tobacco-stalks; the Merchants are so sensibleof the Evil, that they feera to conferit to the Commissioners Proposals relating’ thereto.

Which is humbly submitted.

Custom-house, London,

16 May 1713. /. Bridges, /. Stanley,

Jo» Werden, Robert E. Gibbons.

The Virginia Merchants Reply to the Observatiops of the Commissioners of the Customs, laid before this honourable Committee, on Saturday the 16 th

May

tft Observation. "That’ the Commissioners are not' " convinced, by what has been offered by the Merchants, That the putting all Tobaccoes under the " Queen’s Lock is either impracticable, or prejudicial " to the Trade; but, on the contrary, are of Opinion, it is capable of being put in such a Method as may be " agreeable to the Conveniency of each Merchant:

" Nor was it intended, by their Proposals, That Tobacco entered iliould he put into Warehouses out of " the Ciiftedy of the Merchant, but under the joint " Lock of the Queen, and each Proprietor;"

Reply. 1 hough the Commissioners of the Customs are not, yet we hope this honourable Committee is, fully convinced. That the putting all Tobaccoes under Vox.. 17.

the Queen’s Xocfo fc itypra^icahie, very prejudicial to Tobacco* Trade,.and so particularly injurious to each Merchant, Trade; that we caiipot.agre?, to the Suggestion, That any improper Method flipuld by us be deemed a Conveniency:

For if ,she Queen's Lockpop the Warehouses do not put the Tobaipco out of pul* Custody, then they are Uleless, and the Merqh^nt may as well take off such Locks as his own j whiph, we conceive, is an answer to tjieir first Observatiop, . , . _ ,

all Observatiop, " But if it shall not be thought fit " to oblige all Merchants to put their Tobaccoes imi " ported udder the Queen’s Lock; yet the Comm ifliou.-ers are humbly of Opinion, it will be necessary, for " the feciiring the fsevenue, That where Merchants (halt "not offer sufficient Security for the Duties that piajr be bonded, and make entry of the Tobaccoes " in Days, they may be permitted, upon 4*

" Entry, and Payment of the Subsidy, and giving

" their Angle Obligation, only, for the other Duties, to.

" put the same into Warehouses, under the joint Locks " of the Queen, and the said Merchants.

Reply. We are humbly of Opinion, That, if War©?, houses are once tolerated by Parliament, the Cpitonu house Officers will not think any Security the Mer*. chants can offer sufficient; but rather compel him to enter his Tobacco, and pay down the Subsidy; thereby*, subjecting himself to pay the Freight and Charges, and > give his Bonds for the Remainder of the Duties; which is, iti Law, a Judgment on every Man’s Estate: And. then to be housed under the Queen’s Lock is a much, greater hardship than the Swedes, orany other Nations/ labout under; for they have the Liberty, even in those Governments where the Prince’s Will is a Law, to house their Tobaccoes in the King’s Warehouses, without depositing One Farthing.

3d Observation, " And if the Merchants shall ne- gleift or refuse to enter their Tobaccoes in ..

Days, it is humbly proposed. That 40 Days.

" the Queen have a Power not only to land ..

" the Tobacco, but, in Months, to put 9 Months.*

" the feme to publick Sale for Payment of the " Duties, and rendering the Overplus to the . t " Proprietor. % giving Days publick No- 1+ Days-

" tice of such Sale; to the end the Proprietors may, if " they think fit, uponPaymentof theDuties, receive such " Tobaccoes into their own Custody before the Sale.

Reply. The time proposed is too short for Entry and publick Sale of the Goods: To the other Part of this Article we agree; provided the Freight and Charges be first paid to the Master, presuming this honourable Committee will think it unreasonable to take the To*. bacco out of the Master’s Possession, without Payment of the Freight and Charges: For, should this be prac* tifed no Ship will adventure to take in a Loading of Tobacco in the Plantations; which will be a great Dif-couragement to our British Navigation.

4th Observation. " But if the Merchants whole To*

" baccoes are in Warehouses, under the Queen’s Lock*

" shall, upon Payment, or Securing, of the Customs,

" take their Tobaccoes from the said Warehouses, with " Intention to dispose of the same for the Home-con*

" fumption, or Manufacturing, by Cutting, or making ‘

" into Roll 1 and shall afterwards export suchTobaccoes,

" pr any Part thereof, within the time limited by Law;

" that’, in such Case, they be allowed the usual Draw*

" back, upon due Proof of the Duties having been paid,

" or secured; being the Provision intended by the Com*;

" missioners, in their Proposals, as an Encouragement " for exporting Cut and RollToliacco."

Reply. This Article gives no further Encouragement for the Exportation of either Cut or Roll Tobacco, than what the Law already directs. .

5th Observation. " The Commissioners do not object;

" against what the Merchants desire. That the Law may '

" be temporary, for the separating and destroying damaged Tobacco; But, forasmuch as such Tobacco is, ’

" for the most part, either what is called Sea-Damage,

" for which the Merchant pays no'Freight j or Country-

" Damage,

372

tobacco " Damage, occasionedonpurpose, or for wantofdueCare Tr*de. »< jn tj,e Conveyance and Shipping the re, and which is " in their Power to prevent; the Commissioners can fee " noReafon why any Consideration should be made the w Merchants by the Crown, in respect thereof

Reply. The unjust Imputation in this Article, That the Merchants damage their Tobacco in the Country on purpose, will, we hope, have no farther Weight with this honourable Committee, than it hath regard to Truth: Sea-Damage is likewise impossible to be prevented; and both arc prejudicial to the Proprietor: To remedy the evil Consequences attending these Misfortunes, to the Loss of the Revenue, and the fairTrader, we humbly propol'e, That, at landing Tobacco, the Merchants be permitted to cut off all Damage, as far into the Hoglliead as they ilia)) think fit, before it is weighed at the Queen’s Scale; and that all the Tobacco so cut off shall be burnt, or dellroyed, in the Presence of the Custom-house Officers, at the Queen’s Charge: In case of Dripping, or large Damages, which cannot be separated at landing, all such Hogsfieads shall be put into a Warehouse, to be provided by tlieCustom-house Officers, at the Queen’s Charge, under theirs and the Merchants Locks; where the Merchants, or their Servants, shall have free Access, at all times, to separate the Sound from the Damaged; which when done, the Merchant shall pay Custom only on the Sound, which he shall take out of the Warehouses; the rest shall be destroyed, as before mentioned: That in regard the Tobacco, by cutting, will be very much defaced and lessened in its true Value, there shall be an Allowance made to the Merchant, according to the Eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates: If any Hogslieads of Tobacco shall be so damaged, or fuuckey, that it cannot be separated, the whole to be destroyed, and the Queen to pay the Freight and Charges: In case a Ship should receive much Damage at Sea by Stress of Weather, or any other Accident, or Sink in Harbour, that, in such Case, the Queen to pay the Freight and Charges; and also to the Proprietor half the Cost of such Goods; the Whole to be destroyed at the Charge of the Crown.

6th Observation. " As to the preventing the Use of " Tobacco-stalks; the Merchants are so fetifible of the Evil, that they seem to consent to the Commissioners Proposals relating the reto

Reply. The Commissioners not having proposed any Recompence, the Merchants, after paying the full Custom of Six Pence and One third of a Peny per Pound, never did consent to the destroying of Tobacco-stalks, unless a reasonable Value were allowed them from the Queen, whose Revenue will be thereby considerably augmented.

All which is humbly submitted.

May2oth, 1713.

Micajah Perry, John Hyde,

Tho. Richard Perry,

lfauc Milner, Henry Offley,

Geo. Halley, Tho. Bond,

Ben. Hatley.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole I louse, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Bonded Wine Mr. Bertie also reported from the said Committee, Dutie*. the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the Petition of fevcijl Merchants trading in Wines; which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; arid is as followedh; viz.

That itappeared to the Committee, That by aCIause in an Act, of the 4th Year of her Majesty's Reign, for continuing an additional Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, Xc.

The Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, upon any Representation of the Commissioners of the Customs, if they judged it reasonable iu anyparticu-

A. 1713.

lar Cafe, or Cafes, might remit the Ititerest due upon Bonds given for Customs upon Goods and Merchandizes then or thereafter imported, or to he imported, upon Payment of the Principal Money, for which fucll Bonds were given:

That the Petitioners have paid all Principal Money due on their Bonds; and, pursuant to the Clause in the said Act, have applied themselves to the Lord Treasurer, praying his Lordship to remit the Ititerest of their said Bonds, the Petitioners being threatened to be prosecut-erl for the fame: His Lordship thereupon referred their same to the Commissioners of the Cult urns, to consider of, and report a State of the Matter, with their Opitiiou what was fit to be done therein:

That the Commissioners of the Customs did not make their Report, alleging some Difficulties in relation to the said Clause; for that they apprehended it only related to particular Cafes; and they took the Petitioners same to be general:

And some of the Petitioners proved the Duties paid them lor Wines imported, with their great Losses, during the War; viz.

Mr. Lindsey, Who said. That, between the Years 1697 and 1712, he has £. s. d. paid for Customs on Wines only - 95,500 — —

And that his Lolfes, from 1701 to

1712, amounted to - - - 14,795 -

Mr. Henchman said. That he had, during the late War, paid for Customs on Wines - - - 40,000 — —

And that his Losses amounted to - 5,600 — —

It also appeared by the same of Mr.

Samuel Crisp, lately delivered to the Commissioners of Customs, and presented to the Committee by the Secretary of the Customs, That he had paid for Custom on Wines imported above - - 60,000 -

And that his Losses amounted to - 9.7.50 — —

And Mr. Dade affirmed to the Committee, That Mr.

Crisp, his near Neighbour, was so disabled by the Gout, that he could not attend the Committee.

Mr. Thomas Dade said, That he, with others, Alice dead, was bound for Elias Dupuyin several Bonds, for Customs on Wines by him imported:

That Dupuy became a Bankrupt; at which time lie was indebted for Customs,. £. s. d. Principal Money - 2*348 5 5$

All which is since paid:

But the said Dade is threatened to be sued for Interest on the said Bonds.

That Mr. Bridges, one of the Commissioners of Customs, declared to the Committee, That, he believes, the Remitting of filtered on the said Bonds, and giving a limited time for Payment of the Principal, by virtue of the said Clause, brought in a great Sum of Money, which otherwise would have been loft, to the Revenue:

And Mr. Bridges further said, That there are now several Bonds Handing out, no Part of which have been, or are likely to be, discharged, unless the same Indulgence of remitting the Interest, and giving a limited time for Payment of the Principal, be granted; which, he then conceives, would have the same Effect as before:

And that the Merchants have no Ititerest allowed them from the Government upon their Certificates and Debentures which are issued to them upon Exportation of Corn, and other Merchandize: And that it is Four Months at least before such Certificates and Debentures pals through the several Offices of the Custom-house.

Ordered, That the said Report lie referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Brazening and Mr. Halford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have pnff- d a Bill, intituled, An Act to Byd-‘* amend several Defects in an Act of Parliament, made Lriate.

iu

21

Mail

s«ppTy nir;

Malt Duiies.

Ifembfr*

Immonedt

Supply Bill; Malt Duties.

Klr^ions atVeiiaining fA ihuidb of 40b.

12 Ann.

21* — 2 2°

in the Tenth Year of (he Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act toenabie Thomas Hyde Esquire, an Infant, with the Consent of hisGuar-, dians, and next Relations, to make aContraft for the buying in his Mother’s Jointure; and to fell a small Estate in Great Annvell, in the County of Hertford; and likewise for securing and railing a Portion for Barbara Byde Spinster, Siller of the said Thomas Byde; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and to enable the said Thomas to raise Monies, and to make Leases, for the Purposes in the present Act mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Votes for theelofting Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament, as for as the same relates to the ascertaining the Value of Freeholds of Forty Shillings per Annum.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Africa*

ing next, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a Trade. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for establishing the Trade to Africa free andopen to all her Majesty’s Subjects of Great Britain, and the Plantations.

Resolved, That this House will, upon thisDay Seven- Limiting night, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, Off"* «» upon the Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments 1 e 0 e* by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the former Report from the said Committee, upon the Bill for granting to her Majesty Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1713, was re-committed, the Amendments the Committee had made to the Bill upon the said Re-commitment; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace into the Court of Requells, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

The said Amendments were once read throughout: And then the First Amendment being read a Second time, which was to fill up the Blank with Sixpence Bushel Duty upon Malt made in Scotland;

And a Motion being made, aivd the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment j The House divided.

The Noes go forth. Tellers for the Yeas.

Tellers for the Noes,

s

139-

104.

Mr. Rowney,

Mr.:

Mr. Carnege,

Mr.:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was olfered, to be added to the Bill, That Officers concerned in the Revenue in Ireland, and in the 1'in in Cormval/, and also the Coimni (boners of the Victualing, shall be excluded from fitting in the House of Commons:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negativp.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out the w hole Clause which charges Malt, made in Scotland, with 6d.per Bushel:

And the Question being put, That the said Clause Hand Part of the Bill j

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in (he Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossfed.

*47-

The other Orders of the Day being rend;

Resolved, That this House will, upon TucJdaxj Morning next, resolve itself into a, Committee of the whole House, upon the bill to explain a Clause in the Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for the more effectual preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply

Vo L. 17.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrotr Morning, Nine of the Clock*

Vzneris, 2 2* dieMaii;

12* Annas Reginas, 1713.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Byde’* to amend several Defects in an Act of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Byde Esquire, an Infant, with the Consent of his Guardians, and next Relations, to make a Contraft for the buying in his Mother’s Jointure; and to fell a small Eft ate in Great Amwell, in the County of Hertford; and likewise for securing and raising a Portion for Barbara Byde Spinster, Sifter of the said Thomas Byde; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and to enable the said Thomas Byde to raise Monies, and to make Leases, for the Purposes in the present Act mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for naturalizing Lewis Tan den Enden, was E*den'» Nat read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to SirGVo. New-land, Mr. Rcynell, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Lawful, Mr.

Pocklington, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Laugherne, Sir Robert JenkinJ'on, Lord Win. Pviclett, Mr. Shack Sir Arthur Kay, Sir Pat. Johnson, Sir Richard Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Neicland, Mr. Rrigstock, Mr. Freman,

Mr. Johnson, Sir Roger Bradfiaigh, Mr. Poiolett, Sir Bnjan Stapleton, Mr. Sheppard, Sir Robert Eden, Dr.

Pajk, Sir Tho. Geiy, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr.

Heifham, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. C.tsar,

Mr. Pytts, Mr. Lmvndes, Mr. Guibbon, Mr Mr.

Murray, . Mr. Wild, Mr. Burfem, Sir Gilbert,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Onfow: And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambers.

Sir George Beaumont reported from the Committee, Charlton to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Parsonag* An Act for the Exchange of the Parsonage-house, in hou^' Charlton, in Kent, and Close thereto adjoining, in lieu of

another House, and Lands, there, w as committed;

That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Bingham reported from the Committee, to whom Stourton the Bill for divesting the Crown of the Remainder, in Manor. Fee-simple, of and in the Manor and Advowson of.' ton, in the County of Wilts, and several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the same Manor belonging, expectant on certain Estates Tail; and for veiling the same in other Persons therein named, to the Intent

5 C tlw

374

13° Mali.

A. 1713.

the same may be barred.by, proper:H«thp|3s.jn>Ifaw, for the Purposes therein.rnentipo#d; wascpmmitted; That they had examined the Allegatjqns of the Bill, and found (the Tame to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bijl, to the Satisfaction of the Committee j and that the Committee had made Tome Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Tame in his Place; and afterwards delivered them ip£t, the.Clerk’s Table: Where they were onqe read throughout; and thena Second time, one by one; and uppp the Question Severally put thereupon, figreep unto by the House.

Ordered, That ‘he Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Expiring whom it was referred to inquire what Laws arc expired. Law* or. near, expiring; and which of them are fit to be revived, and cpntjpued; be received upon Morning next.

Mr . Aijlaby, from the Lords Commissioners of the Naval Flag

dmir^Uyj presented to the House, pyrfuant to their Officer* ou Address ,tp her Majesty, a List of the present ‘Flag Ha,fPay*

, Officers, Captains, and Lieutenants, of her Majesty’s Fleet,; with an Estimate of their Half Pay:

And the Title thereof was read:

And the said Lift is as followeth; viz.

Admiralty Office ^A LLBT.ofihe pcafent flag Officers, Captains, and Lieutenants, of her Majesty’s'Fleet;

21 May 1713.

.with an Estimate of Half Pay.

Flag Officers.

Sir John Leake, Admiral of the Fleet

Si r Geo. Byvg, Admiral of the White

Sir John Jenings, Admiral of the White

Sir John Norris, Admiral of the Blue

Sir Edward Whitaker, Vice Admiral of the White

John Baker Esquire, Vice Admiral of the 'Blue

air Cha. Wagei', Rear Admiral of the Red

-Sir Hovenden Walker, Rear Admiral of the White

Sir Thotnas Hardy, Rear Admiral of the Blue -

One Captain to the Admiral of the Fleet - -

» 1

- 1

;Dpily Half Pay; , Yearly SiHDv

£. s. d. C

2 10 — 012 IQ

1 *5 — 15 —

i 15 —: 638 15 —

1 15 — 1 638 15 —

5 — 456 5 —

1 5 — 456 5 —

— 17 6 319 7 6

— 17 € 3*9 7 6

— 17 6 3i9 7 6

— 17 -6 .3*9 7 6

5,018 15 —

Francis Wyvell Gasper Hicks James Moodie Robert Fairfax Joseph Joancs Josiah Crow John Evans Robert Wynn Sir Jacob Banks Richard Griffith Samuel Vincent T/iomas Lyell Charles Cornwall John Hartnoll Francis Dove James Littleton Henry Lumley George Breholt Chanes Defoorow Thomas Butler Robert Kirktown John Huntinton Thomas Stepney William Caldwall Ketrill Boffey

John Smith William Cleveland Robert Watkins Thomas Clea

Nathanael Grantham James Mig hil

Anthony Tola It John Edivanls John Bennett Thotnas Siva

William Paj

Richard Cul

Richard Haddock Robert Arris Sir Nic.Tre Francis Hosier John Cooper Edward llopfon Gharles Strickland

Captains.

John Underdoivn Thomas Smith 'George Walton

johpAld Salmon Robert Hughs John Balcnet}

Rarrow JIarris tyilliam Bloyes Tuder T

William Moses Rupert Billingsly Bennett Allen William Cock George Martin Phif.. Cavendi/If Henry Maynard Philip Boys Stephen Martin George Camocke Richard Hughes John Car

Richard Canning Robert Thompson Charles Smith Charles Fotherby Thomas Meads Raynh.Raymond Jojiph Taylor Jordian Sandys Algernon Grevile 7 hernias Mathews

Henry H

Samjhn Bourn Charles Stucley G corgc Rogers Humphry Plainer Jonas Hamcay Peter Chamberlain Edward St. Lo. Henry Gore Henry Partington Walter Riddatl John Trotter

Captains. Thomas Scott Robert Harland Thomas Kempthom James Moneyjyenny Thomas Lawrence William Herriot Charles Steuart George Saunders George Paddon William Gray Richard I cake Robert Coleman Thomas Alann

Thomas Gordon Edward Vernon Barth. Candler John Clifton Robert Jackson John Roberts Richard I^estock Geo. Lord F

John Paul Henry Lang Galfrid Walpole Joseph Winder Archibald Hamilton Charles Hardy Robert Boioler\

William Falkner Nicholas Haddock Rennet Lord Duffes John Hagur John Chilley Walter Piggott John Cockburn John Shales Tankred Robinson Robert Johnson Robert Studley Francis Piercy

Henry Blinstone Chaloner Ogle John Mihili Edward Holland

S*

Cafar Brooks Henry Lawfan John GoodotU Richard Rotosier George Ramsey Isaac Coock Charles Constable John Hemington James Gunman Conningsby Norbury James Stewart Gharles Vanbrugh Robert Trevor William Clerke

Nicholas Smith William Ockman Nicholas Eaton John Sapsford Charles Brown George Gordon Thomas Jacobs George Purvis Nathanael Hubbard Thomas Beverly William Houlding Edward Storey Francis Drake Toby UJle Thomas Reynolds James Herbert Ralph Saundcrfon St. John Charlton Caleb Wade Beaumont Wallrond Robert Chadwick John Furzer Strensham Masters William Collier William Elford Philip Vanbrugh Ambrcfc Cole Robert I3earfon Andrew Douglas John Gray

Charles

11 st Ann.

375

Mali

Charles Boyle Francis Cooper Matthew John Fletcher Covill Mayne Charles Hardy Augustine Baujt John Pulley Arthur Field John Temple Edmund Hooke William Cawley William Sanderson Thomas Hughes Thomas Dennett John Parr

William Gr

Hichard Davis John Wood Matthew Campbell Charles Poole John Cadner William Llo

Chrifopter 'Parker Hichard Girlingtau Mast Richard Byron John Rabinjbn John -Guy Thomas Th

John Tonkin Clemp. Cave James Mellijbn John Stephens Nathanael Taylor Ralph Eaglesfield Robert Rubinfon Thomas Sounder* William Smith George Warrin Robert Falkner Charles Kendall John Rose David Urrey James Hanway Digby Dent Samuel Chadwick

Captains.

Charles'Chd) Thomas 'Graves Ezekiel »,

George Fairley Arthur Jones Thomas Howard John St. Lo James Campbell Edward Blackett Robert Hanoard William Befitle Thomas Wharwood William Haddock Tyrwhit Caley James Thornton Thomas William Gwen John Shorter John Brifcoe Edward Nnrfe Mungo Herd mart Thomas Mantirood Charles

Chris.Obryen

ere and Commanders.

Erasmus Phillips Robert Jennings John Boys Edward William Probin Joseph Lirtgen Sir Geo. Steward Ellis Brand James Granger Timothy Splaine Franck Leigh Roger Green Robert Hopper Benoni Willfhaio Thomas Smart John HiUlesley Francis Willis William Slevenfon Walter RoJJb Hercules Baker

U

Churcher, Charles Cater, John Williams, Thomas Lambert, John Franklin, Henry Watford, Michael Lock, John

Blackmore, Nathanael Doling, John Rijbee, Joseph Smith, John Stewart, Alexander Poynter, Jajper Tomms, William Dixon, Edward Wcjlcomb, James Cary, Willia m Wei "ham, William Morris, John Hayes, George R nfell, Thomas Rumball, George Crew, John Wilson, liilliam Pace, John Knowles, James Foicnes, Jeremiah Thompjbn, Edward Vox,. 17.

.ieulenants.

Ilarwar, George Gifford, Henry Stephens John Horseman, John Bovfe, Nathanael Pozvnell, Philemon Horseman, Andrew Tiddeman, Thomas Easily, Yard Cooper; Nathanael Carr, William Coalfca, William Benboio John Caulk, John Browning, John Wyley, Habakkuk Brerewnod, John Gaches, James John Hughes,

Ledger, John Tomfon, John Vaughan, Edward Hart, James Helby, Thomas Jones, Richard Miller,

Smith, Titus Dawbney, John.

Lieutenants.

Stringer, Thomas Mason, William Thomas, John Billop, Thomas . Boss, John Pr othera, George, Bayley, George Cross, John Efes, Nicolas Elje, Richard Bray, John Cooper, Charles Votier, Cornelius Williams, Thomas Knighton, Francis Bond, Martin Cole, Sidney Meefe, William Or rack, Alexander Mann, Robert Whitcrong,

Bugden, Edward Sparkes, Jfrael Morse, Robert Paddon, Edward Pamphlet, James Roper, Bryan Coleby, John Keightley, Thomas Horroy, Peter Watts, Joseph Pierce, Vincent Laton, William Pope, Walter Solegard, Peter Wynnel, John Brook, Edward Fearnley, William Banifier, Jof.

Billon, John Pomroy, George Hyde, Antony Barkley, John Luna, John Hedges, Thomas Richardfm, Luke Pain, Jofuah

Richardson, Luke Pye, John Canning, Thomas Eagle, Henry La/hbrooke, Walter Franklin, Peter Hart, George Mifcr, Thomas Whitney, Thomas Redman, John Denew, John Edwards, John Got her, George Miller, William Wilcocks, Thomas Slade, Thomas Walcrhouse, Thomas Rook, James Rtimjey, Nathanael Cleaveland, John Blackman, Samuel Hubbard, John Wallis, Gilbert Tollar, John Mitchell, Henry Belcham, Nathanael Eldridge, John Hele, Joseph Knowler, Thomas

Munford, Robert Hicks, Joseph Condett, John

Hill, Samuel Whitworth, Edward Wingate, Robert HorrwilL, Thomas Wood, John Berriman, Daniel Hemington, Henry Toft, Samuel Forfier, Stephen RuJJeU, John Barker, Jedediah Logan, Randolpk Hurway, Thomas Sawyer, John Church, Richard Dodfan, Henry Peach, Joseph Huish, Henry Richards, James Savage, Thomas Allen, James Bryant, Charles Bef, John Earl, Thomas Borrotodale, John Whitaker, Thomas Peyton, Yeherton Stanhope, Charles Beech, George Knoioler, George Manfeld, Edward Guavas, Anthony Cockain, Samuel Davis, Matthew Lunn, Thomas Aubin, David Willcocks, Thomas Molloy, Charles Stoakes, John Knightly, Robert Tilley, Samuel Rumsey Thomas Aylett, James Allen, John Farndale, Francis Anderson, Peter Short, Joseph Guilford, John Stanley, John Lyon, Simon Roose, John Trevor, John Carlton, James Lochard, Anthony Callis, Robert Saunders, John Reddish, Henry Kennit, Henry Parker, Thomas Philips, Rowland Eden, Lambton Woodden, John Gedclis, Alexander Berry, John Rawlins, Geo. Luck, James Tublay, Roger Keinier, Thomas, Brett, Timothy Ripley, Thomas Rue, Thomas Stewart, Robert Proji-r, Roger

Fenwick>

2-2°

j. 1713.

376

Lieutenants.

Fenwick; Benjamin Saunders, AmbroJ'e JIarrifon, Henry Price, John Mitchell, Ambrose DumcrifquePhilip Kitchin, Thomas Mordant,

Proctor, George Roberts, John Ward, Richard Higgins, Joseph Langstaff, Thomas Storey, Thomas Scott, Anthony Boddington, Richard Crow, George Elliot, Anthony Marshall, George Redman, William Percival, Samuel Tozonfend, Isaac Baker, John Nicholas, Edward Parker, Thomas-How, Samuel Hacche, Robert Simonds, Richards Gates, Chris

Gideon, Solomon Torzcay, John Weld, 'Joseph Mason, William Johnson, Charles Morley, Richard Pyke, Foot Cockburn, William Darkin, Nathanael Harris, Christ.

Man/ell, Bu/hy Collier, Yeldon 'Maynard,

Davis, William Long, John Lyne, Kerry Cole, Chichester Collier, Robert Fitzgerald, Luke Curtis, John Thomas, Robert Lake, James Ogilvie, William Stevens, John Braithwaite, Samuel Barkley, Alexander Hitchcocke, George Barkley, John Ogilvie, John Hay, Williams

Milne, Robert Wifcard, Benjamin Glover, Thomas Yeo, John Dore, James Russell, Robert Rumsey, Edf Carey, William-Sands, Thomas Orme, Humphry Poley, William Thory, William Cooke, John Confett, Matthezo Dawzey, Francis Pear, Gilbert llycaidt, James Rand, Nordyke Killegrezo, Charles Hume, Francis Bargrave, Charles Stezvard, William Mordaunt, Buttler Mallon, Thomas Cox, George Trotter, George Guy, John

Griffith, Wm.Slater

Kidd, Dandy Kenidy, Silvefier Thomas, Henry Whitzorong, James Wilks, Anthony Owen, Humphry Fleming, William Bejl, Thomas Kinfey, William Passenger, Charles Henderson, James Parry, William Only, John Warrin, David Arnold, Francis Saunders, Jeffery Thomas Williams, Edmund Street, Robert Harrison, Robert Smith, John Power, Henry Strutt, George Bennett, Edward Bramble, Richard Compton, David Si. Lo, George Rozvley, William Smith, James Dove, Richard Thomas, Richard Polkinhorn, Charles

Lie

Windham, James Atkins, Samuel Trevor, Arthur Burgess, Henry Hamilton, James Booth, Robert Bari :er, Randolph Stone, Charles Pope, Walter Gregory, Robert Johnjbn, Thomas Beauvoir, John Dou j'e, Stephen Sanderson, Edward Brockett, William Spaight, George Symonds, Christ.

Long, Robert Lloyd, John Spelman, James Towzell, Edzoard Wharton, George Longuevcll, Thomas Crqford, John Barnard, John Robbinfon, Francis Reddish, Edzoard Fellozcs, James Marsham, Robert Rice, Henri/ Gardiner, Thomas Beal, George Blunt, Cafar Ross, James Vaughan, Samuel’ Stronghold, Edmund Middleton, Sir Vincent, John Roffington, Henry Morris, Daniel Symonds, James Fleming, Wm.Henry.

Symonds, John Haycock, Humphry Crouch, Thomas Young, Benjamin Hutchinson, James Stafford, israel

Stigant, John Fenwick, John Bennett, Philip Pitman, Samuei Barton, Roger Norbury, John Dandridge, William Osborne, Peter

Memorandum: And 3< in Half Pay, to be it Service.

[tenants.

Oliphanf, John

PclerJ'on, Moses

Robertson, James

Cheland, William Bridge, Timothy

Wilmore, Cornelius Wilier, John Mcakins, Roger Peters, Peter Tucker, Nathanael Halfpenny, I juke Elford, William Little, Robert Steping, Isaac Bravell, Palmes Medley, Henry Fanjhazo, Thomas Redman, Charles Legg, Julian Martin, William Fitzpatrick, Kinan Mabbot, William Chamberlain, Cha.

Caldecot, Miller Dare, Thomas Wye, Edward Dewell, William Lindsey, James Drumolxd, Charles Weekes, William Bowers, Alexander Garrard, Charles Button, John Bowyer, William Stepney, John Delaval, Francis Huntington, John Stewart, William Condelt, John Gregory, Edzoard Gzcyn, Richard Bignel, Charles Trevor, Thomas Markitt, John Sharpe, Robert Gadfden, Thomas Jowles, John Steward, William Bury, Gilbert Kirke, Francis

Orme....

Bedford, Edzoard Hughes, Marke Scott, James Legg, George Allen, Edward,

Matters proposed to be kept a Readiness for tier Majesty’s

ABSTRACT.

Captains -

3

4th

>th

(itii and Mailers and Commanders Lieutenants -

Mailers -

Ra e. lit.

2

No. 2 Half Pay, s. d. 10 — per Diem. 3^3

- 8 - 8 — - i,i63

- 49 - 6 9 - 6,036 3 9

- ?7 - 5 " - 7,026 5 —

- 5* >- 4 — - 1 1 1 CO

- 78 - 3 — - 4,270 10 —

- 439 - — - 12,807 lC> 3

- \ >5 »5 1 at -at - 2 6 2 0 \ - - 1,231 *7 6

The whole Half Pay - £. 41,720 7. 6

Yearly flalT Pay.

C s. d.

13ut

«i-p|r1y Fill; y*Jl Duties.

Supply*

Ways and Cleans,

ia Ann. 22* — 25° Matt. 377

But, supposing so many Ships shall be in Pay, in time of Peace, as will require io.ooool £.

Men, there may be employed in those Ships 77 Captains, and 100 Lieutenants; which will > 35,574 3 6

reduce the Half Pay to ..... J

J. Leake, J. Wijhart, J. Aijlabie

Wm Drake, G. Byng, . Geo. Clarke, Memorandum: That when any of the afore-mentioned Officers shall have Employments at Sea, or on Shore, it is not intended, That during such time they shall have any Benefit of the Half Pay.

y. l. g: B. y.

J. A.

Ordered, That the said Lift be referred to the Confide* ration of the Committee of the whole House, w ho are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to her Majesty Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1713, was read the Third time:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace into the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Au Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; Pr. 1. L. To leave out " ," and insert

December," instead thereof:

Whereupon the 14th Article of Union between England and Scotland, was read;

After which, the Amendment proposed was waved. Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 20. L. 39 and 40. To leave out "over and above the said Duty, which ought to be," and insert, instead thereof, " unless a Certificate from the proper Officer " be produced, that it had:"

L. 40. To leave out " or charged," and to insert, instead thereof, " the said Duty

Pr. 21. L. 1, 2, 3. To leave out " over and above the said Duty which ought to be paid, or charged, in " Scotland," and to insert, instead thereof, " unless such " Certificate be produced as aforesaid :"

L. 13. After " thereof," to insert " or producing such Certificate as aforesaid:"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers so, the Yeas,

Tellers for U,e Noes,

| J97* } 57‘

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Title be, An Act for granting to her Majesty Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1713; and for making forth Duplicates of Lottery Tickets loft; burnt, or destroyed; and for inlarging the Time for adjusting Claims in several Lottery Acts; and to punish the Counterfeiting or Forging of Lottery Orders; and for explaining a late Act in relation to Stamp Duties on customary Estates, which pass by Deed and Copy.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Vox.. 17.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committe*.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lurice^ 2 5° die Maii;

12* Ann® Regin®, 1713.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Harvey’s to enable William Harvey the elder, Esquire, and William Harvey Esquire, his Son, to settle a Jointure, and grant a Lease, and for veiling the Inheritance, after a Term of Five hundred Years, of Lands, in Suffolk, iu Trustees, to be sold, for raising Portions for his Daughters, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Richard Fa ring ton, Mr Sir Robert

Davcrx, Mr. Lloyd, Sir John Hind , Mr.

Mr. Lampion, Sir Copleston Barn field, Mr.;

Colonel Grahme, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr.

Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Annejley, Sir Mordaunt

Mr. Currance, Mr. Dock minujue, Mr. Finch, Mr. -gerfurd, Mr. Bromley, Siry ohn Stonelmfc, Mr. Cotton,

Sir Wm.St. Quintin, Sir Richard Onjiozv, Sir Wm. Carew,

Mr. Milton, Mr. Lee, Colonel Cage, Sir Rehoio,

Sir Wm. Hit hers, Mr. licy/bam, Mr. J/i Mr.

Harris, Mr. WorJlcy, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Mr. Harvey, Sir Robert Eden, Colonel Sir

Arthur Kay, Mr. Sheppard, Lord Willoughby, Mr. Winning! on, Mr. Bagolt, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lord

Harley, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Serjeant Corny ns, Mr.

Wrightson, Mr. Conyers, Sir Fra. Vincent, Lord Barrymore, General Peirfe, Sir Wm.Barker, Mr.

Mr. Trefufs, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Gould: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for making Inclosures of some Part Poor Victrw of the Common Grounds in the West Riding of the ages in County of York, for the endowing poor Vicarages and Yorkshire. Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for making Inclosures of some Part of the Common Grounds in the West Riding of the County of

York, for the endowing poor Vicarages and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers.

Ordered, That Sir Arthur Kay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of divers Merchants, and principal Inha- Linen bitants, as also several Weavers, Flax-drefl’ers, Whit- Manufacture, fters, Spinsters, Winders, and others concerned in the Linen Manufacture, within the several Towns of Preston,

Walton, Pemvortham, Cuerden, Brindle, Clayton, and

Leyland, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, on behalf of themselves, and many others employed in the said Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Linen Manufacture is so considerable a Branch of Trade, that it employs in that County Sixty thousand Persons, to the great Advantage thereof: And praying such Duties be laid and continued upon foreign Linen Cloth imported, as may give due Encouragement to the British Linen Manufacture.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

5 D A Petition

Jamaica Prize Goods.

Committees*

Supply.

Forces in

Plantations,

Ac.

378 25* — 26° Mail, . 1713,

A Petition of several Planters, Inhabitants of, and Merchants trading to, the Bland of Jamaica, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by a Clause in an Act, of the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America, such Duties were demanded on Prize Goods brought into the said Island, as often exceeded the Value of the Prize; and several Captors, their Agents, or Securities, were obliged to enter into Bonds with excessive Penalties: That these excessive Duties have been since taken off; and Proceedings on' such Bonds ordered to be staid: That though Penalty of such Bonds amount to £.54,830 there is no more due than £.9,043 os. id.current Money which,

when all Charges, with the Exchange, are deducted, amounts to about £.5,000 Sterling: That, though the Bonds were given at Jamaica, the greatest Part ofthofe Prize Goods have been imported into Great;

paid here so high a Duty, that they fold for but little more than those Duties, and the Charges, amounted to: That, if those Bonds be not remitted, it will be a Dif-couragemerrt to the Seafaring-men of the Island; and also a Prejudice to the Securities on such Bonds: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House:

And It is deferred to Mr. Earl, Sir St.

Mr. Heysham, Mr. Cook, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Brigjlock, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Laxofon, General Earle, Mr. Ward,

Mr. Worth, Mr. Currance, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Bromly, Mr. Gould, Mr. , Mr. Ccefar, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Richard Sir

Wm. Barker, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Geo. Sir

77/0. Hanmer, Mr Blackmore, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Brace-

bridge, Sir John Mordaunt', Mr. Pitt, Mr. Monckton, Mr Sheppard, Captain Chapman, Mr.

Uoyd, Mr . Letchmere, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Pytts, Captain Dyott, Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr. Quick, Mr.

North, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. CMr. Baylie, Mr.

Dockminique, Mr. WindJbr, S\rW. Mr.

son, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Gtvyn, General Mr.

Auditor Harley, Sir Gilbert Dolb Mr. Harvey, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Serjeant Cuniings, Mr. Newland, Mr. Bertie: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and Leave to fit in a Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

The'House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wed.nef-day Morning nejtt.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move. That they may have Leave t6 lit figairt.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House. to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That Ihe will please to direct, That an EHimate of the Forces in the Plantations, the Island of Minorca, Gibraltar, and Dunkirk, for the last Six Months of this Year, may be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be preleuted to

her Majesty, That the will be pleased to direct the proper Officer to lay before this House an Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital for the Year 17x3.

Ordered, That the said Addreflesbe presented to her Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Report from the Lords Commissioners for the Government of her Majesty’s Royal Hospital at Chelsea, and the Out Pensioners thereto belonging, be laid before this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Marti!) 26° die Maii;

12* Anns Reginas, 17x3.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to amend several Defectsinan Act of Parliament, made in the xoth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Byde Esquire, an Infant, with the Consent of his Guardians, and next Relations, to make a Contraft for the buying in his Mother’s Jointure; and to fell a small Estate in Great Amwell, in the County of Hert-

ford; and likewise for securing and raisinga Portion for Barbara Byde Spinster, Sifter of the said Thomas Byde; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and to enable the said Thomas Byde to raise Monies, and to make Leases, for the Purposes in the present Act mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dockminique, Sir Geo. Newland, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Dun-comb, Mr. Newland, Mr. Serjeant Richardson, Captain Chapman, Mr. Herbert, Sir Pat.Johnson, Sir 77/a. Hanmer, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Phelipps, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Gale, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Joh Hind Cotton, Mr. Hey-siam, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Nicholas, General Ecklin, Sir John Mordaunt, Dr. Pajke, Mr. Quick, Mr. Mr.

Johnson, Lord Downe, Mr. Gxoyn, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Cholmondley, Sir Richard Onfow, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Bertie, Sir Tho. Gery, Mr. Smithson, Mr. , Mr. , Mr. Braccbridge, General Pearfe, Sir Nicholas Morice, Mr. Bruere, Mr. Jennings, Sir James Etheridge, Sir Geo. Bing, Mr. Millington, Mr. Sir Richard

Farington, Mr. Marriott; and all that serve for the County of Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for divesting the Crown of the Remainder, in Fee-simple of and in the Manor and Advowson of Slourlan, in the County of and several

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the same Manor belonging, expectant on certain Estates Tail; and for veiling the same in certain other Persons therein named, to the Intent the same may be barred by proper Methods in Law, for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for divesting the Crown of the Remainder, in Fee-simple, of and in the Manor and Advowson of Stourton, in the County of Wills, and of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the same Manor belonging, expectant on certain Estates Tail j and for veiling the same in other Persons therein named, to the Intent the same may be barred by proper Methods in Law, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Bingham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, together with the Serge-makers, Fullers, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough and Town of Taunton was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That

that

Liiale.

Stourton

Manor,

Trad: with Portugal.

i6° Mali.

Commerc:al Treaty with France,

African

Tract.

Earl of Ranelagh’* Eft ate*

12 Ann.

379

that Town, and the Parts adjacent, Have received con- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Forces in siderable Advantage* by the Exportation of their Wool- House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, the sp^n,&c. len Manufactures to Portugal: That, if that Trade Report made to her Majesty by the Commissioners ap- . should be dil'couraged, it will damage the Petitioners, pointed to inquire into the Number and Quality of the and ruin many Thousand Families: And praying, Forces in her Majesty’s Pay, in Spain and Portugal;

That Encouragement may be given to the Trade of and to examine the State of the Payments and Ac-Great Britain with the Kingdom of Portugal. counts relating to the said Forces, and to the Garisons

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, and Fortifications of Gibraltar and Port Mahon-, and.

also the Accounts of the Agent Viclualers, and Com-A Petition of the Clothiers, Xc. in the County of mifl’aries of Stores, in those Parts:

Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; set- Andfeveral Papers belonging the reunto :. And also,

ting forth. That the Petitioners are apprehensive, that A Copy of the new Barrier Treaty between her Ma- Barrier

several Articles contained in the Treaty of Navigation jesty and the States Goneral; and Treaty for the Sue-and Commerce may be fatal to the Woollen Manu- cefiion; with Instructions and Observations relating factures: That the chief Markets for them are Spain, thereto; with a List of them:

Portugal, and Italy: That, by the near Alliance, and And the Title of the said Report was read.

strict Friendship between the Crowns of France and Ordered, That the said Report, and Papers belong-

Spain, France has already gained great Advantages, ing the reunto, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by and become a Rival to Enulandin the most valuable the Members of the House.

Part of our Woollen Manufactures; so as, in Probability, they will not want, or take, any more of our fine Cloths: This is evident from the high Impositions, by the Tariff" of 1699, which are still to remain on our "Woollen Manufactures imported into France, amounting to a Prohibition; which makes it unreasonable that Favour should be shewn to the Product o in

Prejudice to the Commodities of other Countries that take from us such great Quantities of our Woollen Manufactures, and who will he no longer able to dofo when French Wines are so lowered as to supply the Demands of England: That if any Alteration in the Laws should happen, whereby any Interruption should happen in the Exportation of our Woollen Manufactures unto foreign Parts, a great Part of the Nation’s Riches would be loft; the Poor would daily increase and become chargeable to their Parishes; and the Value of Lands in England mull of necessity fink, to a great Degree: And praying, That these evil Consequences may be considered and prevented.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for establishing the Trade to Africa free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects

Great Britain, and the Plantations.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. terrier took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ferrier reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next, in a full House.

A Petition of Thomas Lord of the Kingdom of Ireland, in behalf of Margaret Coningsby, and Frances Coningsby, his Two infant Daughters, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Richard Earl of Ranelagh, Grandfather to the said Infants, by his Will, and Settlements, gave unto them fe-Teral Parts of his Estate, real and personal: That there is a Bill depending for disposing of the said Estates, contrary to the said Will and Settlements: And praying to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for velting the Estate late of Richard Earl of Ranelagh, at

Clie/fea and Cranborn, in the Counties of and

Berks, in Trustees, to be sold, towards Satisfaction of his Debt to her Majesty, if any such shall appear upon the Determination of the said EarJ’s final Account, as he was Paymaster General of her Majesty’s Forces; and of his other Debts; is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard before the Committee, by his Coun-fel, if he think fit.

Vol. 17.

The said Report, and Papers belonging the reunto, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Lift of the Treaties, Instructions, and Observa* tions, and of the other Papers relating thereto, was read; and is as followeth, viz.

V

Lift of Papers relating to the new Treaty of Succession and Barrier.

EXTRACT of her Majesty’s Instructions to the Lord Privy Seal, and the Earl of , dated

1 ith November 1712, for concluding a new Treaty of Succession and Barrier between her Majesty and the States General:

Copy of the marginal Observations made on several Articles of the Project of a new Treaty of Succession and Barrier, and font, with the Instructions, to her Majesty’s Plenipotentiaries at Utrecht:

Remarks on the Project of the Treaty of Succession and Barrier delivered by Monsieur En-

voy Extraordinary from the States General;

A Translation of the fame:

Extract of a Letter from the Lord Viscount Bolingbroke to her Majesty’s Plenipotentiaries at Utrecht, dated 7th January 1744, containing the Queen’s Sense upon the several Remarks made by the States General on the Project of the Treaty of Succession and Barrier:

Copy of the Treaty of Succession and Barrier between her Majesty and the States General, concluded at Utrecht January 1744.

A Translation of the fame.

Copy of the separate Article of the Treaty of Succession and Barrier between her Majesty and the States General, concluded at Utrecht4° January 1744.

A Translation of the fame.

Ordered, That the said Treaties, Instructions, Observations, and other Papers, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Treaties, Instructions, Observations, and other Papers, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Robberies is Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Houses, more effectual preventing, and punishing, Robberies that shall be committed in Houses.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Medlycot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Medlycot reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That 'the Report he received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a flexions — Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain ascertaininj a Clause in the Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for the of

Answer to Addieace#.

CommitUei.

Charlton

Parsonage-

house*

silk Manufactures.

Fledions in Scutlond.

Naval

Chaplain*

Half-pay,

380 26° — 2j1713.

the more effectual preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for the electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament; as far as the same relates to the ascertaining the Value of Freeholds of Forty Shillings per Annum.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cholmondley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cliolmondleyreported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill; and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr, Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that their Addresses had been presented to her Majesty, That (he would be pleased to direct an Estimate of the Forces in the Plantations, the Island of Minorca, Gibraltar, and Dunkirk, for the laftSix Months of this Year; and an Eilimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1713;

to be laid before this House j and that her Majesty had been pleased to give directions accordingly.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 270 die Maii;

12° Annas Reginas, 1713.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Exchange of the Parsonage-house as Charlton in Kent, and Close thereto adjoining, in lieu of another House and Lands there, was read the Third time. Rejoiced, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir George Beaumont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The humble Representation and Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Trade, Art, and Mystery of Weavers, London, on behalf of themselves and Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Silk Manufacture of this Kingdom is now about Twenty times as great as it was in 1664; and all Sorts of Black Silks for Hoods and Scarves, and all coloured Silks, Ribbands, Sic. made as good here, as in France, or any other Country: That as the Silk Manufacture increases, so does the Exportation of our Cloth, Serges, and other Woollen Manufactures, to Turkey and Italy; and the Return from those Parts are made in raw, and thrown, Silk: That, by the Treaty of Commerce with France, the free Importation of the like Manufactures from France into Great Britain are permitted: That, if there is no Provision made to encourage our own Manufacture of Silk, it will ruin our Trade, and many thousand Families; lessen the Consumption of our Wool, and lower the Value of Land: And praying the Consideration of the House; and that the Silk and Woollen Manufactures may not lie under too great Discouragement by . reason of the said Commerce.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Re/ohed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the better regulating the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Sir James Wifhart, from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, presented to the House, pursuant to their

Address to her Majesty, a List of the Names of the Chaplains who have served in her Majesty’s Fleet, with those now employed; together with an Eftiinale of the Half Pay to such of them as probably will not be employed in the Ships for the Ten thousand Men in time of Peace:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Lift is as followeth; viz.

Admiralty Office, 27 May 1713.

A Lift of the Chaplains belonging to her Majesty’* Ships in Sea Pay, and of those that are out of Employment.

Chaplains Names. Biggest Ships they have served in CO Number of Guns. Number of Men-

John Ramsey Royal Sovereign ill 110 850

Edward Mullins - Royal Anne - - 1 100 780

Robert Barry - - Vikory - 1 100 780

Wm. Merina - A/fociation - - 2d 96 680

John Ur [gate - Albemarle - - 2 96 680

Richard Glutton - Marlborough - 2 96 680

Theo. Welles - - Tryumph - - 2 96 680

Tho.Pocock Albemarle - - 2 96 680

John Swan - - - Neptune - - 2 96 680

John Blaire - Tryumph - - 2 96 680

John Bastard - m Rarficur - - 2 96 680

Simon Pindar - - Prince George - 2 96 680

William - Tryumph - - 2 96 680

Wm. Beaioir - - ' St. George - - 2 96 680

John Clifton - Cumberland 3d 80 520

John Deer - - - Somersett - - 3 80 520

Wm. Hepburn - m Boyne - - - 3 80 520

Walter Robbins - Russell - - - 3 80 520

Tho. Murray - - Cornwall - - 3 80 520

Patrick Drew - - Chichester - - 3 80 520

Daniel Slater - m Humber - - 3 80 520

John Lamie - Ranelagh - - 3 80 5 a»

John Gifford m Humber - - 3 80 52®

Alex. Tuach m Devonshire - - 3 80 520

Nathaniel Taubman Cornwall - - 3 80 520

Jere. Fawkes - m Norfolk - 3 80 500

John Kerr - - - Dorsetshire - - 3 80 500

Hugh Loyd - Norfolk - - 3 80 500

Tho. Williams - Royal Oake 3 80 500

Richard Stone - Lancaster - - 3 80 500

Vine. Bradfione North umber land 3 70 44®

John Jordan Yarmouth - - 3 7° 44®

Richard Coliere Bedford - 3 70 44®

Fra. Penrose - - Elizabeth - - 3 70 44®

James Audm - Grafton - - - 3 70 44®

John Roberts - Revenge - - - 3 70 44®

Rice Williams - - Edgar - - - 3 7° 44®

James Bay/y - Essex - - - 3 70 44®

Tho. Meilvill - - Sterling Castle - 3 70 440

Jof. Smith - - - Essex - - - 3 70 44®

John Harris - Breda - - - 3 70 440

Wm. Russell- - Captain - - - 3 70 44®

Samuel Wood - - Rejloralion - - 3 70 44®

Tho. Smart Expedition - - 3 70 44®

Nathaniel Bickford Hampton Court 3 70 44®

David Duncan - . Monmouth - - 3 66 400

George Thomas - Defyance - - 3 66 400

Steph. Rolt — — Monmouth - - 3 66 400

Robert Barron - - Assurance - - 3 66 400

Cha. Halwa - - Swift fare - - 3 66 400

Anderson - - - Warfpright- - 3 66 400

David Clc Graf ton - - - 3 66 400

Cha. Lithgo- - Man) - - 4 60 365

Jottn Doffie - - - Dunkirk - - 4 60 36o

Roger Proffer - - Kingstone' - - 4 60 365

John Smeton Canterbury - - 4 60 365

Wm. Gordon - - Rippon - - - 4 60 365

Alex. Chambers - Mountague - - 4 60 365

Nicholas Balman - August - - - 4 60 365

Wm. Dormer - W,indfor - - 4 60 364

Roger Leiv - York - - - 4 60 365

George

la Ann

Chaplains Names.

Biggest Ships they have served ia.

Rate.

George Bennett -Richard Idle - -Jo. Owfiy - - -Ja. Crawford - -Geo. Cumings -Ja. Cooper - - -Wm. Stockton - -Edward Mathews John Cooper -Fra. dePrefontaine

Lightbum Read -Tho. Sabery- -Richard Park

Steadman - -

Roderick M

Hake - - - -Alex. Garden - -Wm. Cordiner - -Wm. Adams - -Robert Jenny - -Chris. Bridge - -Charles Ball -ToA/t BuiTell

Dvncan --<4nrf. Boyd* - -TAo. Pope - - -FFwi. Oxcen -Samuel Beresford -Rich. Ledgi

John Fetherjlone -Henry Rankle- -Wm. King - - -Geo. Erskine - -Wm. Evans - -Peter Duncanfan -Tho. Hancorne -Jo. Hargrave - -Alex. Davidfoue -Ja. Strachasn - -Edward Roberts -Jo. Bethune -Rob. Macknoe - -Rob. Thompfoy -Henry Gerard David Murray Ja. Farguarfon -John James - -John Parr--

Jonath. Evans - -Wm. Ferguson - -Fra. Huerduie -Tho. Evans -Jonath. Darley Wm. Baird -John Bradfie Birkett - - -Edward Gardiner Giles Rainsford -Wm. Somm> -

John Trepfack - -JoJh. Harrison John Skipp - - -Ja.Paterfan - -- Jatne/Jbne - -Fra. Phillips - -Richard Edwards John Donaldfop -David Lewis-7oA» Pope -

Robert Cocking -

Medway - -Sunderland - -Rupert - - -Lyon- - - -Exeter -

Plymouth - -Kingston - -Monck - - -Sunderland - -Afoor -

Dartmouth - -Colchester - -Romney -

Southampton -Antilope - - -Pembroke - -Warwick - -Anglesea- - -Payther - - -Burlington - -Chester - - -Hampshire - -Chatham - -Anglesea - -

Winehesler - -

Centurion - Salisbury - -Guernsey - -

Swallow - -Tilbury -

Tilbury - - -Deptford - -Rochester - -

Tilbury -

Hampshire - -Jersey - -Reserve - -

Norwich- -Crown - -

Worcester - -

Swallow - -RochejUer - -Severne - - -Dragon -

Litchfield - Severn - - -Woolwich - -Centurion - -Falkland - -Newcq/lle - -Coventry - -Dover - - -Dover -

Tyger - - -Portsmouth - -Royal JnneG ally Saphire -

Hector - - -Looe -Charles Gaily -Jdventure - -Folkftqne - -Roebuck - -Mary Gaily -Sortings - - -Sweepfakes - -

Greyhound - -Larke- - -Looe- - - -Pear/ - -

4

4

3d

4th

4th

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4 5*

5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5

27°

o| ll a.* *=» c rl

1

60 365

60 36?

60 365

60 365

60 365

60 365

60 365

60 365

60 3

54 320

54 32o

54 320

54 320

54 320

54 320

54 326

54 320

54 320

54 320

54 320

54 320

54 320

54 320

54 320

54 320

54 320

54 320

54 320

54 320

54 320

54 ' 320

54 320

54 320

54 320

54 28o

54 280

54 280

54 280

54 280

54 280

54 280

54 280

54 28.0

54 2$0

54 280

54 2$0

54 280

54 280

54 280

54 280

51 280

59 2 5°

59 250

48 a3°

b 40 *9°

40 190

.to 190

40 190

40 *9°

40 190

40 *9°

40 190

40 190

40 19c

40 *9C

40 *9C

40 *9f

40 *9(

40 *9<

40 *9<

A£»V.

381

Chaplains Nam St.

//ea. Crj/2> - -£wzn Tones - -

PAo. Shortland -Robert Walker -John Rice - -John Gioyn - -ToAn Humphrys -Wm. Curtis - -PAo. ^4//en - -Brian Hunt - -PAo. Phillips -

John Accourt - -JoAn Saunders -Wm. Rogers - -IFim. Du Gard -7 % o. Richardson -7Ao. Saunderson -Roger Woodcock -Tho. Eynon - -Benj. Hawkjhaw Wm. Gray - - Underhill - -

ToAn J^ambton -Samuel Burnett Wm. Whetwhom -Geo. Phillips - -Sam. Hillyard -70. Wetherell Cha. Williams -Tho. Stephens Framivgham Rice R. Barron - -PAo. Dockwra ToAn Fargudr ' -John Eveleigh John Nicholas Edward Rice Benj. Clements -

Biggest Ships they have served in.

Gaily

Launceston - -

Roebuck -

Winchelsea -Dolphin - - -Feversham - -Shoreham - -Sheerness - -Scarborough Jjowcfioff - -

Poole - - -Experiment Sheerness - -

Strombolo - -Bla^ford - -Gibraltar - -Hind ' - - -Glasgow - - -Lizard - - -2ueenborough -Flamborough -Deal Castle - -

Pluenix -

Seahorse -

Success - - -Valeur - -

Penzance - -

Phoenix - - -Yaleur - - -Monck'& Prize -Drake Sloop -.ftov/it Sloop - -Margate - -Seaford’sFrize -Delight - -Shoreham Prize Aeon -

Lively -

Rate.

0 a 11

5

5

5

5

5

5

5

5

5

5

5

5

5

6th

6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6

6

5?

40

40

40

36

36

36

3*

3*

32

3*

3*

32

S2

28 20 20

29 24 24 24

24

*4

24

20

20

24

24

24

24

l6

*4

12

M

12

14

1?

12

12

IQO

I90

I9O

!$5

*55

*55

MS

*45

*45

*45

*45

*45

*45

*25

*5

*n5

*5

*5

*5

n5

*15

115

115

*5

*15

*5 *5 *5 *5 90

85

S

70

7°

70

>0

66

Memorandum: It is not known at this Office which of these Chaplains have Benefices, or Ecclesiastical Preferment, at Horpe, or in the Plantations.

The Ships hereunder are in Sea-Pay Abroad and it does not appear by the Records of this Office, whether they have Chaplains to them or not.

3. Captain.

4. Superbe, Lyon, Nottingham, Ormond, Reserve.

.5. Gqsport, Scarborough, Lyme, Speedwell, Enterprizg.

.0. Greyhound, Port Mahon, Albrough.

Admiralty Office, 27 May 1713.

An Account of the Number of Chaplains which now are, or have been, employed in her Majesty's Fleet; prepared in pursuance of a Vote of the honourable House of Commons; together with the biggest Ships they have served in; and an Estimate of the Half Pay to such of them as may not be employed in Ships that will require io, opo Men, in time of Peace.

The Number, of 320 written in this Column in the Journal against ibe.24,subse<|iisiiLNames appears to be a Mistake; for in the Lift pretended to Vhe House the Number placed against each of the said Names is only 280.

"Vot. 17-

Rate. N* Half Pay of each.'

iff 3 . C s. d. 9° 7 —

2 - II - 79 7

3 of 80 Gups 16 - 62 3 5

70 16 - 5210 4

66 6 - 49 11

A 60 18 .45 A2 4

54 42 - 36 2 11

50 2 - 32 j6 11

., 4« 1 30 12 ?i

5 40 x9 - 26 711

36 3 - 22 12 7

5 E

Yearly Sum.

d.

t

271 I

873 7

994 *4 846

294 *7

831 2

1,518 2 65 13 10 30 12 11 501 10 5

67 *7 9

Rate

1

8

4

6

6

Supply

383

37'

Mail.

A, 1713

f? 2 .* Half-Pay of each. Yearly Sum.

5 32 . 7 . L s. d. 21 9 2 £. s. d. 150 4 2

a8 - 1 - 19 1* 4 - 19 i* 4

6 24 - 24 - 18 2 8 - 435 4 0

The Amount of Half Pay to them all

May be employed in the Ships for 10,000 Men in time of Peace.

i-T

O e 9 m

60 4 -

54 - 6 - -

50 - 4 - -

40 - 7 - -

36 - 7 -

3* - 4 -

*4 - 18 -

20 - 10 -

28 I

Guardftiips 8, 60 Men each Another -

Half-Pay -

6,884 5 6

Half-Pay.

L s. d.

182 9 4

216 *7 6

131 7 8

184 15 5

158 8 1

85 16 8

326 8 0

214 11 8

201 3 4

26 7 11

1,728 5 7

6,884 5 6

5.155 19 1 I

Wm. Drake, J. Wish Geo. Clarke.

Ordered, That the said Lift be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Refo-

lutions they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afferwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where they were read; and are as follow; vis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That aSum, not exceeding Seventeen thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for allowing Half Pay, for the Year 1713, to such Officers who have served well at Sea during the late War, and shall be out of Employment, by Sea or Land, in time of Peace.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Six thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, to defray the Salaries, and incident Charges, of the Seven Commissioners, that are, or shall be continued, by any Act of this Session of

1/

Parliament, for stating the Accounts of all the Publick Monies; and a Sum not exceeding Four thousand Five hundred Pounds, to defray the Salaries, and incident Charges of the same Commissioners for stating and determining the Debts to the Army.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Number of men to be allowed for Guards and Garisons in Great Britain, and for and Jerfeu,

for the last Six Months of the Year 1713, be Eight thousand Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included.

The said llesolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Sir Wm. Wyndham acquainted the House, That her Forces in Majesty had commanded him to lay before the House an Plantation* Estimateofher Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, the &c'

Istand of Minorca, Gibraltar, and Dunkirk, for the last Six Months of the Year 17x3; from the 24th Jane to the 24th of December following, both inclusive:

And,

An Estimate of the Troops of Saxe , which were in her Majesty’s Service, with the Charge thereof, from the 22d of December 1712, to the time of their Dismission:

And he presented the same to the House.

The said Estimates are as followviz.

Atf ESTIMATE of her Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, the Island of , Gibraltar, and Dun-

kirk; with the Charge thereof, for the last Six Months of the Year 1713, from the 24th June to the 24th of December following, both inclusive.

In the Plantations.

a a 3

S if E-3 I 5>j5 S

hS-8

Colonel Handyfde's Regiment, at Jamaica Colonel Alexander's, in the Leeward JJlands Four Companies at New York Four Companies at Annapolis Royal Four Companies at Placentia One Company at Bermudas -

Garison of Annapolis Royal Garrison of Placentia -

In the Istand of Minorca. ^<3 I Royal Regiment of Fufiliers -fc j Colonel Philips's Regiment - -

gal Major General Whetham's -£ (Lieutenant General Sankie's - -

Officers of the Garison, Sic.

Total

m 1 V Earl of Barrymore's £.§£] Major General Pearce's -£I-Major General Newton's -

At Gibraltar.

Officers of the Garison, Sic.

Numbers.

445

445

449

364

364

58

564

564

625

625

625

625

500

5°°

5°o

2.125

s. d. 1 0} 1 oj

2,500

1,500

Totai.

Charges for 184 Days.

f. s. d.

20,217 II 4 1,128 2 o

2i>345 13 4

25,622 o o 3.471 9 4

29.093 9 4

16,840 14 o 1,890 12 o

18,731 4 o

At

i a Ann

27* — a 8a Mail

Estimate for Guards, &c.

Flexions — ascertaining Freeholds of 40s.

Bobberies in Houses.

At Dunkirk. ’Royal Regiment, of Two Battalions Major General Hill's - -

' Earl of Hertford's -

Late Brigadier Durell's -.Colonel Dqfney's -

Officers of the Garison, He.

ABSTRACT: In the Plantations ..... In the Island of Minorca ... At Gibraltar -

At Dunkirk ....

W. Wyndham.

383

Number*. I Charge for Fiv* 1 Moaths, or 154 Day*, from the 24th 0 (June 1713#

1,668 834 834 834 834 5>oooo

36,759 16 — 2,208 —

Total - 38,967 16 —

N* 2,125 2C345 *3 4

- 1,500 29.093 9 4

2,500 18,731 4 0

- 5,000 38,967 16 —

L - 11,125 108,138 2 8

An ESTIMATE of the Troops of Saxe Gotha, which were in her Majesty’s Service; with the Charge thereof, from the 22d of December 1712 to the time of their DifmilTion from the same.

For her Majesty’s Share, being a Moiety of the Pay of 2,600 Men of the Troops of Saxe Gotha, from the 22d of December 1712 to the 3d of O. S. following, inclusive, when they were dismissed her Majesty’s Service; amounting, according to the Establishment, to ----- .-.

For One Month's Pay more, to be allowed them on their Dismission, pursuant to the Treaty - - - -- 28,092 10

Gl. St. 69*564 —

Total 97,656 10

Gl. St. Gl. St. ..

Which Sum of 97,656 10, at 10 10 to the Pound Sterling, makes

W. Wyndham. c

£. s. d. 9,300 12 6

Ordered, That the said Estimates be- referred to the Confnleration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to conOder farther of the Supply granted to Majesty.

Ordered, That the Secretary at War do lay before this House an Eftiinate for the 8,oco Men which are to be allowed for Guards and Garisons in Great Britain, and for Guernsey and , for the last Six Months of the Year 1713, Commission and Non-commission Officers included.

Mr. Cholmondley, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain a Clause, in the Act of the last Session of Parliament for the more eOeftual preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for the electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament as far as the same relates to the ascertaining the Value of Freeholds of Forty Shillings per Annum, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the fame, and directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and, being read a Second time, one by one, some of them were disagreed, and the rest agreed, unto by the House, upon the Question severally put thereupon: And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Medlycot, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing, and punching, Robberies that shall be committed in Houses, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Vol. 17.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

llefolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Way* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *nd Means. House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

JoviS) 2 8° die Maii;

120 Annas Reginae, 1713.

Pray e rs.

THE House being acquainted, That the Secretary Ch«lfea to the Lords Commissioners for the Government Iiofpiul. of her Majesty’s Royal Hospital at Chelsea, and the Out Pensioners thereto belonging, attended.

’ He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House a Copy of the said Lords Commissioners Report.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy of the Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy of the Report is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Brigjlock reported from the Committee, to whom Enden'* the Bill for naturalizing Lends VandenEn Jen, was com- Nat.

mitted, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; -and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Tabk?.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr.

Endfield

Roads.

Chelsea

Uospital.

Fines on Lands in Wales.

Elc&ions in Scotland.

Publication of Libels.

Expiring

Laws.

384 28 0 Maii.1713.

Mp. Goulfton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Highways from London to the farthermoll Part of Endfield, adjoining to the Pari lb of Cheshunt, in the County of was committed.

That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him, to report to the House; and he reaid the same in his Place;, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the.House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That *

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

Resolved, That an humble. Address be presented to her Majesty, That Ihe will be pleased to direfit, That all the Reports that have been made upon any References touching Chelsea Hospital, by the Paymaster of her Majesty’s Guards and Garilbus, since the Date of the present Commission for the Government of the said Hospital, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy Compounding of Fines and Poll Fines, to be levied of Lands in the Principality of , is committed, have Leave to fit in a Morning.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Rejdlved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better regulating the Elections of Membe rs to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent the Printing and Pub-1idling of blasphemous, treasonable, seditious, and scandalous Books and Libels; and for the better Regulating of the Prels.

Mr. Shackerly reported from the Committee, to whom

it was referred to consider what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and which of them are fit to be revived and continued, That they had considered the Matters to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place j and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the A ft, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom; which, except what related to the Corporations therein mentioned, and thereby constituted, was enacted to have Continuance until the 29th of May 1665, and from thence to the End of the First Session of the next Parliament; which Act, except as aforesaid, hath been, by several subsequent Acts, continued to several limited times, and is near expiring; and being found to Jie a very useful and necessary Law; be made perpetual.

a. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Tha t the Act, made in the Sixth Year of her present Majtw V*s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Importation of Coclu.^eal from any Ports in Spain during the present War, t'pd Six Months longer, be continued.

3. Refilveul That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act, *n the Thirteenth and Fourteenth

Years of the Reign' the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern-Bor.'icis of England, and the several subsequent Acts for cont.’,ulinS the same having been

found very useful and necessary, and are near expiring, be made perpetual:

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from her Majesty’s Plantations in America which is near expiring; be continued.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third, intituled, An Act, That the Solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the ufuat Form; which was Enacted to have Continnance for the Space of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; which Act, by an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of the said late King William, was continued to be in force for and during the Term of Eleven Years, after the Determination of the said recited Act, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; which, said Act is near expiring; be continued.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Clause in an Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of the late King William, intituled, An Act to settle the Trade to Africa (in the Words following; viz. And whereas by an Act of Parlia--ment, made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and the late Queen among other things, it was Enacted, That no other Copper than what is made of English Ore, only, should be exported; which proving very prejudicial to the Trade of England, by enabling Foreigners to export Copper much cheaper than it can be carried from England: Be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may- -be lawful to and for any of his Majesty’s Subjects to export from England all such' Copper Bars as hath or shall be imported into England from foreign Parts; and, upon Exportation, shall drawback all Duties, or vacate the Securities, saving the One-half of the old Subsidy, as is ufuul in other Commodities), being expired, be revived.

The First of the said Resolutions, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the fame, by leaving Out " continued," and inserting, instead thereof, " made perpetual

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Act, made in the Sixth Year of her present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Importation of Cochinea from any Ports in Spain, during the present War, anil Six Months longer, be made perpetual.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the fame, by leaving out "made perpetual," and inserting, instead thereof, " continued

And the same Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended. That the Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England, and the several subsequent Acts for continuing the fame; having been found very useful and necessary; and being near expiring; be continued.

- The fourth Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by

12 Ann* 28°-- — 30 Mai385

The Fifth Resolution Win" read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third, intituled, An Act, That the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the usual Form; which was Enacted to have Continuance for the Space of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; which Ad, by an Act made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of the said late King William, was continued to be in force for and during the Term of Eleven Years after the Determination of the said recited Act, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament} which said Act is near expiring; be continued.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth. Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

148.

88.

Mr. 7

M r. Foley:

Sir John Cot I on,

Mr. Oglethorpe:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Sixth Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; And that Mr. Mr. Hunger-

Jord, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Ward, and Mr. toicli, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the Members who are appointed to bring in the said Bill or Bills, That they do provide, That the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall not extend to the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Ye.., f Mt.

y £ Mr. Cur ranee:

Tellers for the Noes f Mr*

leuers ior me woes, Mr

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be an Inffrudion to the Members who are appointed tobring in the said Bill or Bills, That they do provide, That an Encouragement be given for the Importation of Naval Stores from North Britain, as well as from her Majesty’s Plantations in America.

112. } 129-

Ordered, That Mr. Moor have Leave to make a Motion; it being after Two of the Clock.

And he moved accordingly, That the House may resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration that Part of her Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses, at the opening this Session of Parliament, which relates to the improving and encouraging the Fishery.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of her Majesty’s Speech, which relates to the improving and encouraging the Fishery.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for securing the Freedom of Pai liaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the l’ill for establishing the Trade to Africa free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects of Great Britain, and the Plantations, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Yoju 1?.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbat i, 30° die Maii;

i2# Annas Regime, 1713.

Praters.

S\R D E R E D, That the Thanks of this House be Dr.Sacheve* given to the Reverend Doctor for the rel1 hianked.

Sermon by him preached before this House Yesterday, at St. Margaret's Westminster: And that he be desired to print the same: And that Sir John Raking ton, Sir Sir William Whi/locke, Mr. Hungerford, and Mr. New-land, do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That no Person do presume to print the said Sermon, but such as Doctor Sucheverell shall appoint.

An ingrorted Bill for naturalizing Lewis VandenEnden Enden’c was read the Thild time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Lewis Vanden

Ordered, That Sir George New land do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual preventing, Robberies and punishing, Robberies that shall be committed in inHouse*. Houses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual preventing, and punishing, Robberies that shall be committed in Houses.

Ordered, That Mr. Medlycol do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable such Officers and Soldiers Soldiers, &c. as have been in her Majesty’s Service during the late "jay exercis* War to exercise Trades; and for Officers to account ’irade#* with their Soldiers; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable such Officers and Soldiers as have been in her Majesty’s Service daring the late War to exercise Trades; and for Officers to account with their Soldiers.

Ordered, That Sir William Wundham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill to abolish Tryals by Angle Prevention Combat; and to prevent the impious Practice of Duel- of Duelling: ling; be read a Second time upon Thursday next at One of the Clock.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, Silk Manu-of the Corporation of Silk Weavers, in the City of facture*. Canterbury, waspresented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Manufacture of Silk, and Siik mixed with Gold and Silver, and Stuffs mixed with Silk and Wool, has been the Employment and Maintenance of many Thousand People in and about that City: That the Raw and Thrown Silk manufactured by the Petitioners is the Return of Woollen Manufactures exported to Turkyand Italy: That the settling the Commerce to

France is of the utmost Importance in relation to the said Manufactures: And praying the Consideration of the House: and that a Trade so beneficial may not be prejudiced.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Makers of EnglishBrandy and Vine- Rum»n<» gar from malted Corn, and also of the Makers of Brandy foreign0 from Sugar and Moloffes, the Produce of her Majesty’s Brandies. Plantations, in and about the Cities London and Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, fmee the Encouraging the Consumption of malted Com, and the Materials the Produce of her Majesty’s Plantations, the Petitioners have erected many

5 F Works

v

3 o° Maiu — 1 yunii. 713.

Trade with Portugal.

Commercial Treaty with France.

Call of the House.

Commercial Treaty with France.

Silk Manu-tures.

Works for that Purpose; and have consumed greatQuan-tities; That there hath been great Quantities of foreign Brandies clandestinely imported, to the Prejudice of her Majesty’s Revenue, and the Petitioners Trade: And pra3’ing, That the Running of foreign Brandies may be prevented, and the Duties of our own Materials lefl'ened, answerableto the Duty on such foreign Brandies.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Assistnnts, together with the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Clothiers, Serge Makers, Fullers, and other Labourers in the Woollen Manufactures, of the Borough of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That since the Woollen Manufactures of Great Britain have been admitted into the Kingdom of Portugal, considerable Advantage hath ac-

crued to this Town, and the adjacent Parts: That, if the exporting ourWoolleuManufactures should be hindered, it would prejudice the Petitioners: And praying, That F.ncouragement may be given to the Trade of Great Britain with the Kingdom of Portugal.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to make effectual the Eighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France: And the same was received.

A Mot’on being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read upon Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

f Lord Caflecomber, 1 Mr. Poulteney: \ 89.

(Mr. Cafar, \ Mr. Campion: j >47-

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read.

The Bill u’as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Monday Sevennight} and that such Members as ill all not then attend be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That no Member do presume to go out of Town without the Leave of the House.

Ordered, That no Leave be asked for any Member to go out of Town, but between the Hours of One and Two of the Clock.

Parts of France; and had also Privilege to export Goods from Turkey into France; which was an advantageous Trade, till prohibited by the French King: and praying, such Encouragement may be given to the Silk Mauu* factures of this Kingdom, as may enable the Petitioners to support the Trade to Turkey, inOpposition to France-, and that the Privileges enjoyed by those who imported Turkey Goods into France may be rellored, upon the Tariff of i66.p

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table till the Bill to make effectual the Eighth and Ninth Articles of thfe Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Lovibond:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Marquis <rf the Sale of the Reversion and Inheritance of the Manor Halit ax’* of M or ley, in the County of York, together with a Term of Five hundred Years therein, decreed to be sold, lor Payment of Debts; and all’o for exchanging a Fee-farm Rent of the Coheirs of William late Marquis of Halifax, issuing out of Part of Infield Forest, in Rut lan for

a Fee-farm Rent of Daniel Earl of Nottingham, issuing out of Hertingfordbury,\\\Hertfordshire\ and for settling

the same to such Uses as the said Fee-farm Rent in Rut-lamlshirewas settled: To which the Lords dtlire the Concurrence of this House. And,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lee’*EAate. enabling Henry Lee the younger, alias Lee Warner, to make a Jointure upon his Marriage: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Parry’s enable S'ymes Parry to change his Name of Parry to Si/mes, according to the Will of John Symes Esquire, deceased: to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ]Wi>mon*’* veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties Estate. of Warwick and Bedford, late the Estate of Sir Roger Burgoigne Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, for divers Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords defne the Concurrence of this House. And,

The-Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Art: for Earl of raising Five thousand PoundsPorlionontoffeveral Lands Coventry’* in Middlesex and Warwickshire, charged therewith, being E,itate* the Estate of the Right honourable Gilbert Earl of Coventry; and for paying the same to the LadyAnn Coventry, his Daughter, at her Marriage, though the same should be before her age of Eighteen Years: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Aud then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill to make effectual the Eighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France be printed :i

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

'J ellers for the Yeas, } 86'

Tellers for the Noes, j >'

So it passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That if the present Duties on French wrought Silks be lefl’ened, so as to interfere with the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, they must be prejudiced thereby; which will also uffert the Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures, and otherProductions, of to Turkey,

since the Returns thereof are more than Two Thirds in raw Silk: That the Company formerly exported great Quantities of Turkey Goods from England to the West 15

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the C ommittee \v* of the whole House, who are to consider farther of Ways and mVan* and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, That they do consider how the Duties upon all French Goods and Merchandizes imported may be made equal to the Duties chargeable upon Goods and Merchandizes of the like Nature imported from other Countries in Europe.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, i° die Junii \

12* Annas Reginae, 1713.

Prayers.

N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Art Lee’sF.iUte. for enabling Henry Lee the younger, Lee

/Earner, to make a Jointure upon his Marriage, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An

Marquis c f

H alii fax'* Ellate.

Bnrgoine'*

EilaU.

African

Irada.

12 ANM.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Reversion and Inheritance of the Manor of Mor ley, in the County of York; together with a Term of Five hundred Years therein, decreed to be sold for Payment of Debts; and also forexchanging a Fee-farm Rent of the Coheirs of late Marquis of Halifax, bluing out of Part of Leiffeild Forest, in Rut-landshire, for a Fee-farm Rent of Daniel Earl of ham, itTuing out of Hertingfordbury in Hertfordshire;

and for settling the same to such Uses as the said Fee-farm Rent in Rutlandshire was settled; was read the

First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Warwick and Bedlate the Estate of Sir

Roger Burgoine Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, for divers Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Mr. Ferrier reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for establishing the Trade to Africa free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects of Great Britain, and the Plantations, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the farther Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Friday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to prevent entering the Forts in Africa without the Con-lent of the African Company:

Which being twiceread;

The Recitals in, and granting Part of, the Charter granted by Ring Charles the Second to the Royal African Company of England, were read:

And, after some Debate, the Clause was, by the Consent of the House, withdrawn:

And another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for Allowances to be made for Merchandizes loft or destroyed:

And the same was once read:

And a Debate ariliftg in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Ahneftey Have Leave to make h A (Cento Motion; it being after One of the Clock. Contrail.

And he moved accordingly, That an humble Address be made to tier Majesty, That (he will be pleased to direct, That the Contraft for the Assiento may be laid before the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That Ihe will be pleased to give Directions,

That the Contraft of the Assiento, which was made and concluded at Madrid, the 26 Day of March last past, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Sir William Wyndham presented to the House, accord- Estimate of ingto Order, an Estimate of her Majesty’s Guards and Guarde,&c. Garisons, He. in Great Britain, with the Charge thereof for the last Six Months of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen; viz. From the Four-and-twent'ieth of June One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen, to the Four-and-twentieth of December following, both inclusive:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Estimate is as followsviz.

ESTIM ATE of her Majesty’s Guards and Garisons, !£c. in Great Britain, with the Charge thereof, for the last Six Months of the Year 1713; viz. from the 24th of to the 24th of December following, both inclusive.

Horse -

<First Troop of Guards Second Troop of Guards Third Troop of Guards -Fourth Troop of Guards - ( First Troop of Grenadier Guards Second Troop of Grenadier Guards Royal Regiment of Horse Guards The Queen’s own Regiment -Lord Windsor's -

Dragoons -

(Royal Regiment of Dragoons 1 Earl of Stair's \The Queen’s own Regiment I Late Sir Richard Temple's

Foot -

rFirft Regiment of Guards Coldstream Regiment of Guards Third Regiment of Guards (Colonel Kirk’s Regiment Lieutenant General Seymour's Major General Wightman's ^Brigadier Breton’s

r. , c.-rr (general Officers -

Officers, % c. ^anfousenCie- UP°? AC<

Vo 1. 17.

Supply.

Committee#*

Fines on Lands in Wales*

Harvey’s

Mate*

Earl of

Coventry's

Efcate.

Carry's

Name.

Harvey's

Elute.

Etidfjeld

Loads.

388

1’ — -2°

A. 17x3.

Ordered, That the said Estimate be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Refblved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Gale, Sir Cka. tham, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Wilde, Mr. Conningham, Mr. Monrow, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy. Compounding of Fines and Post-fines, to be levied of Lands in the Principality of Wales, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Serjeant Co-mins, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Wm.Harvey the elder, Esquire, and Wm. Har-

vey Esquire, his Son, to settle a Jointure, and grant a Lease, and for vesting the Inheritance, after a Term of Five hundred Years, of Lands, in Suffolk, in Trustees, to be sold, for railing Portions for his Daughters, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 20 dJunii; 120 Ann* Reginae, 1713.

Prayers.

A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for raising Five thousand Pounds Portion out of several Lands in Middlesex and charged

therewith, being the Estate of the Right honourable Gilbert Earl of Coventry, and for paying the same to the Lady Anne Coventry, his Daughter, at her Marriage, though the same Uiould be before her Age of Eighteen Years; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Symes Parry to change his Name of Parry to Symes, according to the Will of John Symes Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Serjeant Comins reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Wm. Harvey the elder, Esquire, and Wm. Harvey Esquire, his Son, to settle a Jointure, and grant a Lease, and for vesting the Inheritance, after a Term of5ood Years, of Lands, in Suffolk, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Portions for his Daughters, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made one Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House:

And is as follows; viz.

Pr. 7. Line 9. Leave out " Indenture," and insert, instead thereof, " Power."

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways from London to the farthcnnoft Part of adjoining

to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Highways, or Road, from the Stone s End in the Parish of in the County of MiddltfeSc,to the farther End of the Northern Road,

in the Parish of Endfeild, in the same County, adjoining next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Goulston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Chirnrgeons of her Majesty’s Royal ^aval Navy, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Chi- chirur6eoa*f rurgeons who served in her Majesty’s Navy during the late War, was offered, in relation to their having Half Pay allowed, them.

And the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Corrance reported from the Committee, to whom j.unaie* the Petition of several Planters, Inhabitants of, and Prize Good* Merchants trading to, the Island of was refer-

red, the Matter, as it appeared to him; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he reaid the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That it appeared to the said Committee, by an Extract of Minutes, containing an Address from the Governor, Council and Assembly, of Jamaica, dated the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ten, delivered to the Committee by Mr. Popple, Secretary to the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, That the Duties demanded on Prize Goods, by virtue of an Act, 6* Amite Regina, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America, often very much exceeded the Value of the Prize.

That it further appeared by the said Address, and the Instances annexed to it; and by the Examination of Richard Rigby Esquire, a Member of the Council in that Island, who had been present at the Examination of those Matters in Jamaica; That the Demand of those Duties had been a great Discouragement to that Colony: That the Sea-faring men had deserted in great Numbers; and were not likely to return, unless those Duties, and the Bonds entered into, were remitted.

That it also appeared to the Committee, 'That those Duties were taken off, for the timeenfuing, by aClause in an Act, 90 Anna Regina, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Trade to America’, and all Proceedings upon the Bonds entered into were ordered to be flayed till the End of the then next Session of Parliament:

And by the Account of the Collector of Jamaica, delivered to the Committee by Mr. Carcqffe, Secretary to the Commiflxoners of Customs here, it appeared. That though the Penalty of the Bonds amounted to^.54,830, there was really due no more than. 9,043. oj. id. current Money of that Island.

That the said Richard Rigby, upon his Examination, further informed the Committee, That fmee the Act 9® Anna Regina, he knew some of the Agents had paid a Duty, laid by the Act of Assembly upon Prize Goods, which had always been laid for the Support of that Government, and which was confirmed by the aforesaid Act to be paid; and therefore had so muchless in their Hands now to answer the British Duties; which even at first had not been sufficient:

And that the Prize Goods brought into Jamaica, except Goods of Europe, were generally sent to Great Britain; where they paid a Duty, which, together with the Charges, very near amounted to the Value oflhem:

And that many of the Privateers belonging to afterwards carried their Prizes to New York, and other Parts, without returning to Jamaica: And the War being ended, hefpared, unless they were invited to return, by the Discharge of theie Bonds, many of them would turn Pirates; besides, that the Payment of them would not only prove a great Hardship to the Securities, by being answerable for more than they have, but also to

tnanv

v

12 Ann. 2° — 3* Juni't.

389

R tiling the M lht id.

African 1 rude.

Elfftions in Scutland.

Publication of Libels.

many poor Families, dill Inhabitants of the Island, who expert their Shares upon the Remittance.

Ordered, Th.*t the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for raising the Militia for the Y'ear 1713, although the Month's Fay, formerly advanced, be not repaid: And that Mr. Campion, and Sir George Beaumont, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate of Yesterday, upon the Clause offered to the Bill for establishing the Trade to Africa free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects of Great Britain, and the Plantations:

And the Clause was read a Second time; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was twice read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller the Ye*S ( } -5-

T , r.1 xt I Sir Geo. Beaumont,

Tellers for the Noes, j Mf Ward . j 107.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, beingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUers for.be Yeas,

Te,lers for.be Noes, { ]

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

*37-

120.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the exclusive Right of trading to Africa, mentioned and intended to be granted by the Letters Patents of King Charles the Second to the Royal African Company, is an Invasion on the Freedom of Trade, and of dangerous Consequeuce to the Commerce of this Kingdom:

The previous Question was put. That that Question be now put:

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

TaUers for.beYeas,(^W 9S.

Tellers for be Noes{

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers have Leave to make a Motion; it being after One of the Clock.

And he moved accordingly, That the House will appoint a Day to take the Charter to the Royal African Company into Consideration.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, take the said Charter into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Royal African Company be then heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, in relation to their Charter, if they think fit.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into the Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better regulating the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Vol 17.

House, upon the Bill to prevent the Printing and Pub-lishing of blasphemous, treasonable, seditious, and scandalous Books and Libels; and for the better regulating of the Press.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they haddirested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have I-eave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, on Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Answwto House, That their Addresses had been presented to her Addresses. Majesty, That file would be pleased to direct, That all the Reports that had been made upon any References touching Chelsea Hospital, by the Paymaster of her Majesty’s Guards and Garisons, since the Date of thepre-sent Commission for the Government of the said Hospital; and also that the would be pleased to direct, That the Contraft of the Afliento, which was made and concluded at Madrid, the 26th of March last past; might be laid before the House; and that her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Debt of Majesty, That the will be pleased to direct, That an M»nne Estimate of the Debt to the Marine Regiments, to Lady- Re8Kn,nU* day last, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 3® dieJunii;

12° Anns Regina;, 17x3.

Praters.

THE House, according to Order, resolved itself into Elections in a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill Scotland, for the better regulating the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lockhart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lockhart reported from the Committee, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill to explain a Clause in the Act, of Flexions — the last Session of Parliament, for the more effectual ®fcer‘<1'"'n8 preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multi- 0 0

ply Votes for the electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament; as far as the same relates to the ascertaining the Value of Freeholds of Forty Shillings per Annum; was read the Third time.

5 G Resolved,

v

39°

A. 1713.

Supply.

Demolition of Dunkirk.

Trade with Flanders.

Trade with France and Portugal.

Ref>lvcd, That the Dill Jo pass: And that the Title he. An Act to explain an Act of thelaft Session of Parlia-tnent, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in Order to multiply Votes for the electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament, as far as the same relates to the ascertaining the Value of Freeholds of Forty Shillings per Annum.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholnioitde do carfy the Dill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Refo-Jutions which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, I'hat a Sum, not exceeding^. 183,281 if. 6d.be granted to her Majesty, for thfe Charge of her Guards and Gari-ifons in Great Britain, from the 24th Of June 1713, to the 24th of December following; including General Officers, and Contingencies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £.29,093 c)S. 4 be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of her Forces in the llland of Minorca, from the 24th of June 1713 to the 24th of December following.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That a Sum, not exceeding £. 18,731 4s. be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of her Forces in,

from the 24th o i June 1713 to the 24th of December following.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding 38,967 i6f. be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of her Forces at Dunkirk, for Five Months, from the 24th of June 1713.

Rejblvcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £. 9,300 12 6d. be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Part of the Charge of the Pay of the Saxe Gotha Troops, from the .22d of December i 712 to the Time of their Dismissron, with One Month’s Pay from that time, according to the Treaty in that behalf.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be prefen ted to her Majesty, That (he will be pleased to direct, That an Account be laid before this House what Equivalent was to be given to the most'Christian King for the Demolition of Dunkirk; and what isstipulated relating to Dunkirk,

in case the Equivalent should not be complied with.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That (he will be pleased to direct an Account to be laid before this House what her Majesty has liipulated for the Trade of Great Britain in and how the same isfecured.

Ordered, 'I'hat the said Add relies be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customsdo lay before this House an Account of the Exports from the Port of London to France, between Michaelmas 1668 and Michaelmas 1669; and also the Imports from France to the Port of London, lor the same time; according to the Entries in the Custom-house Books.

Ordered, That the Commidinners of the Customs do lay before this House an Account of the Woollen Manufactures exported to Fort 11 gal, for Four Years before the Year 1703; distingiiilliing the Species, and Quantities in the several Years.

Ordered, That the Comrr.issioners of the Customs do lay before this House an Account of the Exports from

England to France, for the Years 1686, 1687, and 1688; and of the Imports from France, during the same time; distinguishing the Species, and Quantities in the several Years.

Ordered, That the Report of the Commissioners ap- Forces in pointed to inquire into the Number and Quality of the sPa,n* Forces in her Majesty’s Pay in Spain and Portugal; and to examine the State of the Payments and Accounts relating to the said Forces, and to the Garisons and Fortifications of Gibraltar and Port Mar and also the

Accounts of the Agent Victualers, and Cotnmiilaries of Stores, in those Parts; be taken into ConfiJeration Tomorrow Sevennight.

The House, according to Order, resolved ilself into a Ways an4 Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of ^letns* Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had made some farther Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

F.nrI of

Sa'isbury*

Estate.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebar and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act, for the better enabling James Ears of Salisbury, and his Trustees, to make Sale of certain Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Northampton and Dorset, and a Fee-farm Rent for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Booth’* enable William Booth Gentleman, to fell certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Chester, for Payment of the Debts of his Brother, with whom, and for winch, he ftauds bound; and for applying the Surplus, if any, of the Money raised for such Purpose, towards Payment of his own proper Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act, to naturalize Simon Defcnry, Peter Ribot, Peter Lajfte, and others: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for confirming several Grants, in Fee-farm, made by Henry Earl of Thomond, by virtue of, or since, the passing a former Act of Parliament; and for giving some Ease and Relief to the Purchasers under, or since, the said former Act; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Defcury’s, Sec. Nat.

Karl of rl ho mood ft Estate.

Ordered, That Sir Geo. Newland, Mr. Nezoland, Mr. Fines on Erie, Mr. Laufon, Mr. Burfiem, Mr. Hart, Mr. Bui- Lands *»a

teel, Nr.Aldworth, be added to the Committee, to whom ‘the Bill for the more easy Compounding of Fines and Poll-fines, to be levied of Lands in the Principality of Wales, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

12 Ann.

391

4* Junii.

yovisy 4* yunii;

12* Annas Reginae, 1713.

Prayers.

Earl of A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Sahfbury’s f\. for the better enabling James Earl of Eftat*. and his Trustees, to make Sale of certain Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of and

Dorset, and a Fee-farm Rent, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bydrfs Mr. Freeman reported from the Committee, to whom

Juiatu. jjg ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to amend several Defects in an Act of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Byde Esquire, an Infant, with the Consent of his Guardians, and next Relations, to make a Contraft for the buying in his Mother’s Jointure; and to fell a small Estate, in Great Amwell, in the County of Hertford; and likewise for securing and railing a Portion for Barbara Byde Spinster, Sifter of the said Thomas Bydeand for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and to enable the said Tho. Byde to raise Monies, and to make Leases, for the Purposes in the present Act mentioned; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their.Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Chflfea The House being informed, That a Clerk from Mr.

lioljnul. Hoxv, Paymaster of her Majesty’s Guards and Garisons, attended;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, an Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea to the 24th of December 1713: And,

A Copy of the Report of the Paymaster General of her Majesty’s Guards and Garisons, fife. upon a Reference of the Report of the Lords and others the Commissioners of the Royal Hospital at , relating to

the Reducement of the Out Pensioners; and their Proposal of an Establishment for the Officers of the said Hospital; dated the 22d of 1713: And,

A Copy of the Report of the Paymaster General of her Majesty’s Guards and Garisons, upon the Draught of a new Establishment for the Royal Hospital at Chelsea; dated the 13th of 1712: And,

A Copy of the Report of the Paymaster General of her Majesty’s Guards and Garisons, &V. relating to the Methods proposed by the Lords and others the Commissioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, for reducing the Expence of the Out Pensioners; dated the 26th of Ode; be r 1712.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Reports do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimates and Reports are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Halting the Mr. Campion presented to the House, according to

Alilua. Order, a Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1713, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid: And the same was received.

Harvey's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Etidie. Act to enable William Harvey the elder, Esquire, and William Harvey, Esquire, his Son, to settle a Jointure, and grant a Lease, and for veiling the Inheritance, after a Term of Five hundred Years, of Lands, in Suffolk, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Portions for his Daughters, was read the Third time.

Vox.. 17.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Cumins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, Commercial of the incorporate Company of Clothiers, in the City wlttL of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; ra* *" setting forth. That if the present Duties on French wrought Silks be lessened, it will be of evil Consequence to the Clothing Trade of this Nation; but more particularly to this City; by reason Worcesterwhite Cloths are chiefly sent to Turkey, from whence we have raw Silks iu Exchange: That if due Care be not taken to encourage the bringing in raw Silks to Great Britain as cheap as to other Nations, the Petitioners Trade mull of Necessity be ruined, and English Wool fink much in its Value, and many Thousands of poor Manufacturers: be undone: And praying the Relief and Protection of this honourable House; and that the Privileges and Advantages, which they formerly enjoyed, may be restored upon the same Duties that were settled by the Tarilf of 1664.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to make effectual the 8th and yth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce between Great Britain and France, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Clothiers, concerned in the Woollen Ditto. Mamjfacture, of Troubridge, and adjacent Villages; of Froom, and adjacent Villages; and of; was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by a Treaty of Commerce between England and Portugal, the Duties in England are to be -j-d higher upon the Wines of France than those of Portugal; and that such Duties only are paid on the Woollen Manufactures of Great Britain in that Country: That great Quantities of Goods are yearly exported, and fold there, much more than the Value of the Wines, Oils, fife. imported thence; by which means many thousand Families are maintained, and a great Balance yearly coming to this Kingdom:

And that by a Law to reduce the Duties upon French Wines, fife, of France, as low as those of Portugal, or any Nation, might induce Portugal to prohibit, or lay a high Duty on, the Woollen Manufactures of Great Britain, to the utter Ruin of that Trade: That by a late Treaty of Commerce between her Majesty and the mostChristian King, that such a Law shall be first pasted as aforesaid, and that all Prohibitions laid upon French Goods by Parliament, since 18th September 1664, be taken off, France hath agreed to allow the Subjects of Great Britain to fell Cloths, Ratines, and Serges, subject to the Duties of the Tariff of 7th of December 1699; and, to facilitate the Trade thereof to import them by St.Valery, Rouen upon the Somme, and by Bourdeaux, only; where they shall be subject to Visitation, as those ‘ made in that Kingdom: By which Visitation the Petitioners are afraid their Officers will determine the Lengths, Breadths, fife, of our Cloths, according to their Model, and at any time to throw them into Water; which, with the Loss of the Market, and Charge of being manufactured anew by them, or the Petitioners fending their Sheermen over to finish them, would be a great Discouragement, and Prejudice to their Trade:

And, by the said Tariff, the Duty of every Piece of Spanish Cloth, of 25 Eils, is 55 Livres 10 Sols; which is a Fourth Part of the Price for which the finest Cloth can be made in Great Britain, and near Half the Value of the Middling Cloth; which amounts to a Prohibition, unless it could be made much cheaper in Great Britain than in France; That the Subjects of his most Christian Majesty are now arrived to a great Perfection in the Woollen Manufactures; so that they-pretend to make as good of every Sort in France as is made in Great Britain: That the finest Cloth is made entirely of Spanish Wool, without Mixture of English

Wool 7

392

4' Junii.

J. 1713.

Wool; and the French, by their Opportunities of Carriage by Longrone, Agredand other inland Passages

of Spain, may avoid paying the Cadorns; by which means they are likely to have their Wool

cheaper than her Majesty’s Subjects: That the Subjects of France have, of late Years, converted vast Tracts of Land to Sheep-walks; and, being supplied by the Ovvling Trade with our Wool, Wool is at a low Price in France, and their Materials cheap for all the Parts of the Woollen Manufacture: That the Hire of all Sorts of labour is not above Two-thirds of the Price that’s given in Great Britain: The Petitioners are of Opinion, That though coarse Wool were as dear again in France as Great Britain; yet, by the low Wages given in with their Advantage on the Price of Oil, Soap, and dyeing Goods, the whole Manufacture would be cheaper there than in Great; and that little or no

Quantity would be exported hence, or fold there, though the Duties of 55 Livres 10 Sols were taken off, and the same allowed to be sold in every Port of France, subject neither to Customs nor Visitation: And, by not passing such a Law as aforesaid, the Treaty with Portugal may still fubfill; when passing it may endanger the Petitioners Trade, with the Loss of the Exports of Woollen Manufactures there, without gaining an Equivalent; and at last be the Ruin of the Petitioners, and many Thousand Families maintained by the fame, and the Exports to Portugal: And praying such Relief in the Premises as to this honourable House shall feetn meet.

Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to make effectual the 8th and gth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce between Great and

France, be read a Second time.

Commercial A Pet ition of the SpanijItalian, and Portugal, Mer-

Fi^nct W'*k chants, Exporters of the Woollen Manufacture and Product of Great Britain, and the Importers of the sundry Merchandizes of those Countries, for the Employ-ment of the Poor, was presented to the House. and read; setting forth, That whereas a Bill is depending for making effectual the 8th and 9th Articles of the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce between Great Britain and France-, whereby, the Petitioners apprehend, the Trade of this Nation will be much lessened; to the great Detriment of these Kingdoms: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises; and to be heard, by their Counsel, or otherwise, thereupon, as this honourable House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to make effectual the 8th and 9th Articles of the Treaty of Commerce between Great Britain and France, be read a Second lime.

Ditto. Aret'.tion of the Clothiers and Bay-makers

Braintree, and Dunmow, in the County of Essex, in lie-half of themselves, and many Thousands more concerned in the said Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; fitting forth, That the Making of Bays, and other Woollen Manufactures, are of great Advantage, not only to the Petitioners, but to the whole Kingdom in general, by the Consumption of great Quantities of Wool; and the Employment of many Thousand Persons, who otherwise would become an useless Bui then to their Country: That the present Inequality of the Duties on Wines of the Growth of France, and those of Portugal, is a great Inducement to the to

take off the said Manufactures from England, whiltt we take off the Product of their Country from them: That, should the Duties 011 the Commodities of the Product of France be settled upon an Equality of those with Europe, it would be a great Difeouragemetit, if not a total Prohibition, of the Importing the Wines of Portugal-, and oblige the Portuguese to lay heavy Duties on our Manufactures, and thereby prohibit the Importing them into their Country; by which means, the Petitioners attribute the present Fall, and depreciating these Commodities: And praying this honourable House to have 18

a tender Regard to thelnterest of the Trade,

preferable to that of France, who are their Rivals in the Woollen Manufactures.

Ordered, That, the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to make effectual the 8th and 9th Articles of the Treaty of Commerce between Great Britain and France, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Sugar-bakers, and Dif- Commercial tillers, of and in the Borough and Corporation of Liver- ^vewUl* pool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, if the Duties on French and other foreign Brandy be taken off, it will be of great Prejudice to her Majesty’s Plantations, and discourage Navigation; and greatly lessen the drilling Sugar, Moloffes, and British Corn: And praying the Confederation of the House, That the Duties on French and foreign Brandy may be continued; which will tend very much to the Encouragement of her Majesty’s Plantations, and Navigation; and greatly increase the Consumption of Sugar,

<§r. in diddling Brandy, or Spirits, at home.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to make effectual the 8th and gth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce between Great Britain and France, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the several Clothiers, and Manufacturers Ditto, of Woollen Cloth, in the County of Gloucester, who have subscribed their Names, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Clothiers and Manufacturers of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, a Treaty of Navigation and Commerce having been lately published between her Majesty and the French King, several Articles therein may be very prejudicial to the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, and in particular to the Petitioners: That if the high Duties, laid in 1(199, on our Woollen Manufactures exported into France, should remain, the Petitioners would be very much discouraged; those Duties amounting to a Prohibition: That the Exportation of our Woollen Manufactures to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, is of late very much increased; but fear will be exceedingly lessened, if not loft, should the Duties on French Wiues be reduced to an Equality with those of the aforesaid Places; apprehending it maybe a means of railing the Duties of our Manufactures there, or cause an intire Prohibition: That, by the Alliance between the Crowns of France and Spain, France hath gained greater Advantages in Trade than formerly they had; for thereby they import Spanish Wool on better Terms than the Subjects of this Kingdom; and export Spanish and other Cloths to Turkey in greater Quantities than formerly; and import, as the Produce thereof, raw Silk, which they manufacture in France-, which, if permitted to import their wrought Silks into England under easy Duties, will prove very defiruClive to the Turkey Trade, which takes off the greatest Part of our Cloths, and is the most beneficial Trade belonging to the Woollen Manufactures; and thereby many Thousand poor Families have and may be maintained, which otherwise mud become a Burthen to their respective Parishes; and will, consequently, fink the Value of Lands of England to a great Degree, and lessen the Price of Wool: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to make effectual the 8th and gth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce between Great Britain and France, be read a Second time.

APetition of the Merchants trading to and from Italy, Data., and the Traders in raw Silk, in behalf of themselves, and others concerned in the said Traae, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Silk Manufacture of England, being so well increased, isof great Advantage to 1 hole Nations, not only in employing so many Thousand Families, but also.by the large Exportations

Commercial Treaty with France.

Ditto.

Ditto.

12 ANN:

4

i9i

lilk is import'eici; th^re seeing lucn a Depehdarice feel Ween the Silk and Woollen Ma^fSftufes; Vfed tifebne can’t subsist without the other: Inal ifee ImpoVla’liofi of foreign wrought Silks into tneffe Kingdoms, under. Ine present Duties, is of great Difcpuragemehi, drid Will fee ©T greater, wfeenaTrade with France takes plate; Tiial the importation.oflbreigh wrought Silks, withbutpay-ifeg her MfyCfty’s Customs, is veiy ( prejudicial to the Queen s Revenues, and the lair Tiradpr; abd, if not prevented, of great Detriment to the Silk Mariufaftbre:

Tlcitiah ii

o"iir Woo

tion in iffee Cqn-pibyrripht of mapy of Navigation j

4nd ferayingifie Manufacture may, fee encouraged fiy such iurtherJDutibs on alt vyrim^it^ilks, Vo preyehi the fraudulent importation of the fame) or fiifcli other Relief as this Jloulb ffiafe think fit.

Grc/ered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to make effectual the 8th and gtn Articles of the Treaty of Commerce between Great Britain and France be tedd a Second titne.

Petition of the Say-makers and Clothiers of Smith Haljtiddarid t’ajle Heaingnhm, in1 ihfe Cohrityof Essex,

ih behalf of themselves, drid mahy ThiohfaridS more concerned in the said Manufactures, tyas pfbfaiited to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioilers whole Dependance is on the Woollen Manufacture, in' Making of Says; and, being informed a Bill is to bb brought into this honourable House for rendering effectual the 8th and 9th Articles of the Treaty of Commerce with France i that the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the Duties on all French Commodities are lowered tb an Equality with those on the Goods 6f other Nations, the great Exports of the said Manufacture to Spain, and other Countries of Europe, and the Consumption thereof, will bfe greatly fattened; and the Petitioners, their Families and Work-folks, thereby impoverished: And praying the Consideration of the House in tile Pretnifes, and to have same Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie dpon the Table until the Bill to make effectual the 8th and 9th Articles of the Treaty of CoulmefCe between Great Britain and France be read a Second time.

A Petltibh of the Mayor, AMermCto* and CStiMHh, Council, of the City of Exon, and; of ^ftddts^ dfia

other Traders in the Woollen MdfeTOSN/fCsI ttffir®, wife" presented to fife Hoofe, and read ;TSrarf£fqtW' Tfeatf the Petitioners are under ApprCRbmifiS,* tndt smj? Oo-firuction to the Exportation of Woollen of this Kingdom to Portugal, a Place wlfaVij there redounds such considerable Benefits, may danger tHC Loss thereof; tend to the Ruin of ffeb PCt?-' tioners; and greatly increase the Poor: Au'd pra^iVi'^, That the Trade between Great Britain and Portugal may be1 Cnbburhged from this House.

Of dried. That the faict Petition do lie' riWo'A the Ttlfefa iifitilfhe Bill to make (he 8th aWd c|th

ArtiCfaS Of the Treaty of Commerce between Great BritaMAnd France be read a Second fimfe.

A Petition Of the Mayor,.Aldermen, Say-makers, and Bay-makers', of the Borough of Sudbury, in the county of jM in behalf of themselves,. and many Thoufaqds more, employed in the said Manufactures, was* pretexted to the Ho^fa’ and read; setting forth, That whilst the Portuguese and Italian Trades were encouraged, and their Wides' subjected to Jess Dutie^ than those of Francefthey' constantly have taken on great Quantities of Sjays ^ind Bays; but upon an Apprehensiop, that the said D uties on French Wines will be reduced as low as. those of fether Countries of Eugreat Quantities of the said Manufactures have been left in the"Petitioners Hands j the Merchants refuting to buy them, upon Appreheriflbh they diall not export them iptp.JPpr-tugal, I tali}, See. upon reasonable Terms, whilftth^r Wines are under such Discouragements: That tbf Vot. 17.

lCtur#?, that they have let ppu__________

len, Manufactures at home: And praying the and dioltanTrade may be continued oh then Foot as

may encourage them to take off the said Mai)hfaftiires> and dilappoint Prance. u-«, j Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to make effectual the 8th and 9th Articles of the Treaty of Commerce between Great Britain arid France he read a Second time.

A Petition of the flatter, Wardens, and scourt of Commercial Auistants, olthe Company of Gold and Silver Wire- Treaty with drawerg, was presented to the House, and read; setting France-forth. That the manufacture of Gi^t and Silver Wire, of various kinds, hath been of great Advantage to the Nation, in Relief of numerous Families; and great Returns made in pieces of Eight, Gold:dust, Sc. imported, seeing the Produce of tfeofe Quantities sent beyond Sea:

That the Petitioners, since the late tnipphtjop thereon, firiiggle under great Difficulties; the Merchants that ideally bought here being now supplied from France,

Holland, &c. at cheaper Rates; and several Quantities of Gold and Silver Thread have clandestinely beep imported, as is evident from the late Seizures made thereof: That, by a Clause in the Act, passed last Session of Parliament, for laying a Duty on Gilt and Silver Wire, no Gold or Silver Thread, Lace, or Fringe, or . other tVork made thereof, was to be imported or brought intq Great Britain during the Cootinuanpe of,.the said

5)uties; which Prohibition, if taken off by. g Bise, pow epending in this House, will deprive the Petitioners of greatest Part of their Trade, and tend to the Rujn of many Families; And praying this, honourable House drill take their same jpto (^onsideration, and grant them same Relief in Wq Rremifes. , 1

Ordered, That the said Potition <fe> lip upon the T^afele until tfee Bill to make effectual the 9tfe. and gfth Articles 01 the Treaty of Commerce between Britain and France fee read a Second time.

A Representation find Pcfition of the Matter, Warn Ditto, dens, Assistant^, ppd Commonalty, of Silk-thrfewers; of London, qn behalf of thepj, selves, and the Poor they, employ, was presented to the House, and read; setting

forth, That the Trade of Sil.kr.thrpwfag basfo ioflreased, that, as was eyident ,ip Parliatnant 14 , Hd), there

was employed fey the said Company, in atyd ahqilt don, above 40,000 Men, Womep, and Children; that would otherwise havq been, burthensome to the Places

of their Abode; since which tiiqc the said Trade is much increased, to the Support of the Out Parts of London: That the greatest Part of the Petitioners Employments arise by their winding, throwing, and preparing SHk; raw from the Worm, imported from Turkey,

&c. for the Lfq of the hrqad gpd narrow Silk and Silk Sluff W eavers here: That if the Weaving.Trade faould meet yvjth Discoqragem.ent here, it mutt immediately asse^ ^he; jfeiiowjqg Trade* whereby the Petitioners,' and all that depend on theiq, mutt he deprived, of their Livelihoqd: How far tips may affect the Export of.our Woollen and other Manufactures. abroad, for. which said raw Bilks are returned; or hew the Rents of Lands ai\d TeiJenient8, and the Out Parishes, about London, where the Poor employed by tfee said Company inhabit; the Petitioners leave to the Judgment, of this honourable, House: That, the Appreheofion of a too" opep, arid free Trade with France, in respect of thg Silk, and Silk Manufactures, has given such Discouragement to all the Braqcfees of the Silk Trade, that, there k.Iittle oj1 ^no Demond ,atpresent for the Petitioners th ro wn.

Silk; iofomuch that great Part of the Petitioners, and

J H those

Co nmercial Treaty with France.

Trade with Fi ance and Purtugal.

394 4*

those concerned in the fine Silk for the Weavers Use, have already dismissed great Part of the Poor they employ; and must discharge more, without some speedy Relief: And praying the House will take their same into Consideration, in settling the Trade and Commerce with France; and that such Regard may be had to the Silkthrowing Trade in England, so useful in employing the Poor, that the same may be encouraged, or otherwise relieved, as this honourable House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to make effectual the 8th and gth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce with Great Britain and France be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Art and Mystery of Dyers, London, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That by the 8th and gth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France, the Petitioners apprehend, that if the Importation of the Manufactures of France into Great Britain are permitted, to the Prejudice of our Silk and Woollen Manufactures, it will be verydeftructive to the Petitioners, and others concerned in the Dyeing Trade; it being very beneficial to this Kingdom, by employing many Thousand Families: And praying the House will take their same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as to their Wisdom shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to make effectual the Eighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France be read a Second time.

The House being informed. That the Commissioners of the Customs attended;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House their Answers to the Three Orders of the 3d Instant: With,

An Account of the Exports from London to France, between Michaelmas 1668 and Michaelmas 1669: And, An Account of Goods imported from France into the Port of London, from the 19th oi October 1668, to the 20th of October 1669: And,.

Woollen Manufacture exported to Portugal, in Four Years, before the Year 1703: And,

An Account of the Quantities and Species of Goods exported from the Out Ports to France, from Michaelmas 1685 to Michaelmas 1686: And,

An Account of Goods imported into the Port of London from France, from Michaelmas 1685 to Michaelmas 1686: And,

An Account of the Quantities, and Species, of Goods imported into the Out Ports from France, from Michaelmas 1685 to Michaelmas 1686.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Answers and Accounts are as follow; viz.

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament affenibled;

The Return of the Commissioners of her Majesty’s Customs to Three Orders of this honourable House, dated the 3d Instant.

THE Commissioners, in Obedience to the First of the said Orders, humbly lay before this honourable House an Account of the Exports from the Port of London to France, between Michaelmas 1668 and Michaelmas 1669, N° 1: And also, the Imports from France to the Port of London, N* 2, from the 20 October 1668 to the 1 19 October 1669; except the Wines (the Books of Entries for Wines, for that time, being not to be found; and the Books for other Goods being deficient from Michaelmas 1668 to the 20th October following); according to the Entries in the Custom-house Books; prepared and certified by the proper Officers.

In Obedience to the Second Order, they humbly lay before this honourable House an Account of the Woollen

unit. 1713*

Manufactures entered to Portugal for Four Years before the Year 1703; distinguishing the Species and Quantities in the several Years, in the annexed Paper, N* 3.; as prepared and certified by the Inspector General of Exports and Imports: And,

In Obedience to the Third Order, the Commissioners humbly lay before this honourable House an Account of the Exports from England to France, from Michaelmas 1685 to Michaelmas 1686, contained in the Account

N* 4.; and the Imports from France, N° 5, during the same time; being the only Accounts the Officers had ready: As to the Accounts for the other Years, mentioned in the said Order; viz. 1687, and 1688; the Commissioners, upon Receipt thereof, gave Directions to the respective Officers to prepare them with all Expedition; and, as soon as the same can be perfected, the Commissioners will lay them before this honourable House.

Which is humbly submitted.

Custom-house, /. Stanley, Bridges,

London, 4* June 17131 Robert W,m.son, E. Gibbon.

Am ACCOUNT of Goods shipped, at the Port of Iutndon, to France, from Michaelmas 1668 to Michaelmas 1669.

Cloth Lift - - - - 25>7°° yards.

Long Cloths - - 349 P8-

Short Cloths Spanish Cloths - - 54 ps. 2,049* ps.

Kersies - - - 5,907* ps.

Double Dozens - - - 3°5f ps.

Single Dozens - - - 162 ps.

Penistones, frized - *53* P8.

Penistones, unfrized - 8 ps.

Cloth Rallies - - 34 ps-

Woollen Cloth - - - 1,005/.

Welsh Plains - - - 550 goads.

Double Bays - - 286 ps.

Single Bays - 1,660 ps.

Minikin Bays - - - 168 ps.

Perpets and Serges 7,582 Ps. qt. - 113.733/.

Says and Stuffs 1,701 Ps. qt. - 17,014 /.

Cotton - - - 102,465 goads.

Flannel - - - 1,215 yards.

Fustians - - - - 115 ends.

MensWorfted Hose - - 2,661 dozen.

Childrens Worsted Hose _ 634 dozen.

Mens Woollen Hose - 1,522 dozen.

Childrens Woollen Hose m - 1,003 dozen.

Irish Rugs m - 90

Irish Hole - . - 4 dozen.

Castor Hats, - - 3I dozen.

Felt Hats - - - 1* dozen.

Allum - - - 393 c.

Beef - 4 barrels.

Butter ... - 1,381 firkins.

Bees Wax - - 231c. iqr. 0

Brass and Copper, wrought - - 43c. iqr. olb.

Bellows - . 9 dozen.

Books, printed - - - 48 cwt.

Bridles - - - 10 dozen.

Coals - - - 366 chaldron.

Candles, Tallow - - 21 dozen.

Cheese - - - 1 c. 3 qr. 0 lb.

Caps, plain Monmouth - - 5* dozen.

Glew - - - - 535 c.

Gloves, Buck Leather - - m 2* dozen.

Gloves, plain Leather - m 26^ dozen.

Glovers Clippings - - 34 maunds.

Grindstones - - 2 chaldron.

Gunpowder - ▼ 18 c. 2qr. olb.

Glass and Earthen Ware - - 750 ps.

Haberdashery Ware - - ' 15 cwt.

Hard Wax - . 6821b,

Horns for Powder . 23 dozen.

Horse Collars - 745

Horses 22 Iron,

395

la Ann.

4° Jmii.

Iron, wrought - - 121 c. 2 qrs. 7 lb.

Iron Ordnance - 21 tun, 4 cwt.

Lead - - - 970 fod. 11 cwt.

Lead Shot - - 318 cwt.

Lanthorn Leaves - 243,000

Leather, tanned - m 4,55s c. 3 qrs.

Leather, wrought - - 110 lb.

Linseed - - 145 quarters.

Nails - m 342 c.

Oaker - - - 25 c. 3 qrs. 0 lb.

Ox Bones - 47,000

Old Shoes m 2,053 doz.

Oatmeal m 2 bushel.

Pewter, wrought - - 45 c* 3 qrs. 141b.

Sugar, refined - - - 102 c. 2. qrs. 0 lb.

Silk, wrought - - - ' 473 l-1

Soap, hard - - 8 c. 2 qrs.

Salmon - - 146 barrels.

Steel - - - 20 c.

Tin ... - - 996 c. 3 qr. 14 lb.

Tobacco-pipes - - m 60 small gross.

Virginals Skins: - - 1 Pair.

Coney-skins Stage, - - - 351 c. 6 fcoreeach,

Seasoned Grey ditto - - 194 c. 6 score each.

Hare-skins, dressed - 20,400

Kid-(kins dressed - 150

Otter-lkins 280

Black Coney-lkins . - 3 c. 6 score each.

Fitch-skins - 9 timber.

Unrated Goods, per Val. Foreign Goods. - £9,990 151. 6d.

Aloes Seeolrina - 600l.

Aml'ergrife - 105 oz.

Benjamin - - 1,860 lb.

Banlia - - 868 c.

Bees Wax - - 30 c. 2. qrs.

Cochineal . _ 490 lb.

Cotton Wool - - 43,980 lb.

Cotton Yarn - - - ' 23,6151b.

Callicoes - - - 7»995t ps.

Caffons - - - 278

Cassia Ligna ' - - - 7 c.

Cubebs - - - 300 lb.

Currans - m - 51 c. 2 qr. 0 lb.

Cassia Fiflula - - 4,958 lb.

Cambricks - 50 ps.

Copper, unwrought - 188 c.

Coral, in Fragments - - 1,420 lb.

Corn, Wheat - - 200 quarter.

Cocoa - - - 33 c. 3 qrs. 0 lb.

Canes - - - 3,000

Flax, rough - 1 - 426 c. 3 qrs. 15 lb.

Fustick - - 6 ton.

Galls - - 1,914 c. 2 qrs. 0 lb.

Goats Hair - - 43,661 lb.

Guiney Grains - - 1,400 lb.

Gum Tragant - - - 620 lb.

Hides, India - - - 728

Hides, Cows, from Barbary - 250

Hides, red - - 150

Indico - - 8,481 lb.

Linen - - 753 ells.

Broad Germany - - 9 c. 30 ells.

Diaper Napkining - - - 39 yards.

Damask Napkining - - 26 yards.

Damask Tabling - - 4 yards.

Linen, dyed m - 66 ps.

Ling, oldf -Musk Cods - - 400

- 50 doz.

Musk, per oz. - - 80 oz.

Oranges and Lemons - 180 chests.

Oil, ordinary - *03 tun, 3 hogsheads, 55 gallons.

Oil, sweet - 4 2 hogsheads.

Pepper, black - - - 224,859 lb.

Pepper, long -Pearl-feed - ’ -Vol. 17. - - 850 lb.

- 45 oz-

Rice

Roots, China -Raisin, Solis Sugar, brown -Shalack - -

Stuffs of Hair -Stuffs of Mohair Sticklack Soap Senna Silvester -Tobacco -Thread, Outnel Tortoise-ffiell -Turmerick Taraerinds Wood of Box -Wine, Spanish Whale-fins Wool, Spanish -Wool, Goats -Wine, Rhenish -Wire, Latten -Wine, Canary Wood, Brajil -Skins of Goats Skins, Cordivants

Custom-house, London, 4* June,

- - 24 c.

400 lb.

69 c.

- 6,080 c. 2 qrs. 3 lb.

xo'oooolb., 340 yards. 469 yards. 40,300

- - 289 c.

*,717

- - 735

- - 160,818 lb.

40 lb.

4241b.

13 c.

3,800 lb.

- 26 ton, 7 c.

- - 4 butts.

- *9c-88 c.

7,3161b.

- 4 Aums f

173 c. 2 qrs. olb.

1 pipe, 1 hogshead, 12 gallons.

- 304 c.

- - 765 doz.

194 doz.

P. Bertie.

W. Walker.

!7i3-

An ACCOUNT of Goods imported from France into the Port of London, from 19th Q&ober 1668 to the 20th of October 1669.

Species.

Almonds, in the Shell Almond, Cakes Amber -Anniseed Water Anchovies Apples -Argal Ashes, Pot Bails for Washing Basket Rods

S Coral -Cryllal Glass Belts

Bodkins, Steel j Table I Unbound Boxes for Combs

Bracelets, JS*

Brandy -

Brafsi Rin&s ' Bra,s[ Sword-hilts

Bricks

Brushes J

Buckrams Burs for Milstones Camaletto Camlet, Hair -Candles of Tallow f Milled

Quantities.

23 barrels.

12 lb.

Books,

Caps, I Quilted

(With Ribbands Cards, old Woollen -Capers -

Cafes, Leather, for Needles Catlings - -

Chalk -Cheese Cinquefoin Clapboards

15 gallons.

38 barrels, single.

1 barrel.

15 cwt.

672 lb.

38 gross.

- 1,519 bundles.

- 44 lb.

- 23 c. 2 qrs. o lb.

3Z.4.

- 1 dozen.

- - - 12 gross.

25 in N*

15 maunds and 4, and 14 cwt.

80 in N*

- 6 gross, 1 pair.

2 gross.

... 295 tuns, 82 galls.

2 dozen.

- - - 5 in N*

5,000 in N*.

4 dozen.

7 gross.

- - - 1,362 in N*

- - - 600 in N°

- - 5,053 yards.

360 yards.

. - 196 dozen pounds.

- - - 4 in N°

- - < 6 in N*

- 1 in N*

- 200 in N*

46,256 lb.

- 25 gross.

- 63 gross.

- - 7 cwt.

- 8 c.

361 cwt. and 550 bushels.

- 4a c.

Cordage

*9*

4"

V>

<3

impedes.

Cordage -Cock

Jfc

nwrought Copper Corn, vocaf Wheat-meal Cream of Tartar Crystal, rough Cucumbers, pickled -Cutttebortes Deal* ..

Dfcrrifr, With Caddas Druggets

Alkanet-roots -Aristolochia Talauftiuqj Barley, French Cantnarides Coral, whole Ditto, Fragments prpthmu8-leave8

Bpithemii'm.

Ferteffeedk Fenugreek Frankincense Guinea Pepper -Gum Opoponax HermodsuStyles -Hypooiflis Labdanum Leaves of Roles Madder-roots -Manna Olibanum -Oraoge-flbwer-water . Oil of Turpentine Pellitory -Pepper, long Prunella^.

! Pfylliuai -

Radix Alulae , Sabaftlnes Shi Gem

Seeds fof. Gardens Spermaceti 'Stbrax Calamita (Syrup Achfcrnes "Turpentine, common Verdegreafe Earthen-ware, valued Ditto, vocal'Pantiles Eflente

Fans - -

Fans for Corh

Flax, undressed Garment*

Glaft, wctf-j

Glafi, Window

Glass Branches -

Glass Canes -Glass Flower-pot* -Glass Pendants -

Glass Necklaces -

Glass Ring* and Whittles -

Glass Stones -

Gloves -

C.A'lmonds VCinnamon - ,

r j Prunes -

(.’Raifihs - *

Hats trimmed with Wool-.

Hones - -.

Hay-feed

(Drinking I, E*oc‘

Quantities'.

11 6.

- a»93ic.

2 c.

3

1 barret

l$& c. 3 qrs.

loo lb.

4 kegs.

- 11,000 in N*

3 c.

3*3 Pjeces.

- 1,890 Yawte.

470 lb.

- - £560

- $c.

31©

28

33©

80

a 6b

3>900

2x0

334 Ctftr —

I,t30

80

4#o

-1 4b

- - loo

860

100.

515

300

- 22?4 gallons.

4>3po

- - 800

- - 86

and* 16'

75 c-

qoo

60

54°

7*669 244

- 1.67©

4,526 c. 2 q,rs. 4.135

& 4'

( - 40)000'111 N* 7 boxes^ and 4/. wt.

1 dozen.

820 dozenl 45I C. 3 qrs.

100 lb.

13 c.

14 in NT* 9,oooo<inNt

9 A1

22 dOZ.

131 cases,

- 1 pair.

120

23 grofsy

- 42 grofratid-f,

- 3.00

2 and $.

- 7 dozen.

- 61 c. q.

« 563 lb.

- 9,646 c. 2 qrs. o lb.-

401c.

3 in N*

- 1,200 in Np 1,485 c. and 319 sacks.

Spefcies. Jelfehtine, and Orange-butfer

I tide, Ub^rought -

iNtfi -

Leather fot -

Boulfcl Rfeins Brilffk Cloth Canvas, Uattow working Dfttt>, tfdfntandy Ditto, Ftoyel Ditto, Ffttry -CouHra# - -

Dahiafk Tabling Ditto, Napkirting Diaper, Napkihing - Ditto, Tabling and Toweling Flanders ... Hals Cloth fiolldh(?s Dbck

A.

QuWrtftlif.

r

12 tons.

ibo ft!. 20,00b iri N* too pitebeS*.

30 c.

20 c.

3,099 c. 3 qrs. 4 efts.

4,20(3 c. — 46 ellfi. 138,079 Yatds - 572'

Yards - 826

D* - 48,729 D*- 7,837

ells - 140

3 c. f.

IlC* -j-»

ells - 1,185

Ifingham

Kentings - 513 pieces, and 4,664 ells.

Lockrams or Dowlace - 25,698 pieces. Poledavies -

‘ Quintins -Sheets, old Shirts and Drawers bDyed -LiHbri ..

Mittins ..

Mustardifeed -Oakam -Olives -Orange-flowers (‘Jelfaftiine /Oratiges B(bWii

Oil,

v

Oidihctry -Painted - Royal Parchment a Pears drid Apples, dried Pearli'r false -Pearl) Bbfer -Pendants pictures I>itt6 -Pins for Lariling*

Pipes, wobderi Plaister of Paris'

Plank of Waliiut-tfee Plates of Horn

PotSj^top^pncovered Powder for Hair Purses, Copper Wire Ditto, Silver Ditto, Hair Quails -Quiltings Rackets -Rape Rof. Solis Rofln

Saffron -Salt Saw's Shells <j-., (Thrown 1 ’ £ Wrought F Calve'

I Goat -

Skins,( Kid* -I Sheep -I Jipani/hLeather

- 41

809 pieces, and 150' ells.

- 4,260

- 800, vail! £. 64'.

- - . 745 Pieces- .

1,725 ells, at io d. per ell.

1 a’ dozen.

168 cwt.

- 370 c.

38 hogflxeads, 4O gallons. 20 lb. wt. val. /. 3. i o 250 lb.

, 2 lb.

- Bundles 420 Reams 654

----- -i,595

-- I55*4i

.....21

- -438

40 dozen, and 6 rolls.

- 1 barrel.

- 1 parcel, val. 30*.

- 33 gross f.

- 14. dozen.

4 cases’, ait £. 3b.

- 149

3 gross.

- 120 final! gross.

- 2 mounts.

613 pieces, and* 500 foot.

- 2,000 in N®

60 in N®

50 calls.

fill dozen.

- 195 dozen.

- 96 pieces.

120 in N#

- 99 tons; 105 gallons.

5/gallohs.

- 5,300 c.

3° I-

s, 8 b

bushels.

1,346 weys,

- 100 in N*

« 1 parcel, at 20#.

- 2‘3 lb.

- 44 in N®

- 458 doz.

4,309 c. and 70'fldhs. 1 o doz®

13 doz.

Screens

v

ra Ann.

Species. Screens , - -

So*p -Spvs, Oi>all Standithea

Stoves, Steel and Brass Stuffs, Hair Sturgeon Succads -

(Cane

**] & (.CQHftlWUP

ToUow

T a C with Silk apeftry, £ wjtj1 Caddas

Tazels

Ticks for Beds

Thread f BridSes 1 bread, [0utnel

Tiffany Whiffs Twine

Vinegar . - -

Walnuts

4* Jwi.

391

Quantities.

6 doz. and 6.

- 445 c. 3 qra.

- too c.

loinN*

5 do?en.

- - job Yards.

- 96 Kegs.

i»7*3 jC-t - 27 tons.

x o, tons, and 55olb.

val.,£. 12.

» * 1,600

- - 160 c.

- 1 1,031 ells.

- 1,897 elk-

- 3,75 *’

142 pieces, and 100 Yards.

- 400 dozen.

21 dozen.

- - 6 dozen, val.^.6

- 8 q.

- 409 tons, 243 Gallons.

- 6 Barrels.

Quantities.

- - 3 in N®

05 c. f, and 264 bundles.

- 109 ounces.

- 108 gross.

- 1 c. |.

18 tons.

at 30 Shillings.

216 c. and |.

- - 1,460 lb.

240

Species.

Watches Weld -

Wirerwork, Silver -Wire Rings -

Wainscot Boards -Wood, vocat' Box for Combs Wood, voc’ Walnut-tree Root Whale Fins -v _ CMohair Y". (Worded

Memorandum: That the Books of Entries, for Wines, for the Year ended at Michaelmas One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-nine, are not to be found; and the Books of Entries for other Goods, are deficient from Michaelmas One thousand Six hundred Sixty and Eight to the 20th of following;

for which reason this Account commences the 20th of Oftfiber 1668, and ends the 19th of 1669.

Custom-house,

4th of May 1713.

E. Rumboldj Sr. G.

Chr. Towers, D. Coll.

C. Downing, Comp.

Tho. Andrews, Dep. Surv.

An ACCOUNT of the Woollen Manufactures exported to Portugal, for Four Years, before the Year 1703

distinguishing the Species and Quantities in the several Years; viz.

Specie? of Goods

Bays,

Cloths, (

FromChrifimas 1698 to Chriilmag 1699.

Hats,

to

c

o

1/3

C Rarnstaple -1 Double - -J Minikin f Single - -Broad - -Long - -

Short - -

Spanish - -Lifts - -- Remnants -Cottons r - -

Cottons, Welsh Plains Coverlets, Wool and Hair Devon Dozens, double Devon Dozens, Angle Dunsters, single -

Flannel -

Frize -

i Beavor and Caftor s Carolina -

(Felt - - - -Kersies ——

Northern Dozens, double Northern Dozens, 1'uigle Penistones, frized - - -Perpets and Serges - -Rugs, Irish - -

Says-....

Childrens Woollen Childrens Worsted Mens Woollen -Mens Worsted -Womens Woollen k Womens Worsted Stuffs r - -

Stuffs, mixed with Silk Taviftocks - -

Waistcoats Wool len -W aiftcoats W orfted -

(Blankets and Rug AtVal.v Woollen Goods, \ several Sorts

5 pieces, 8,326 ps.

7»*37 Ps-

483* ps.

120 US.

41 ps.

151 ps.

3,000 yards.

7391- , 4,685 goads. 670 goads. 23 ps.

22 ps.

4 ps. 1,040 yards. 1,133 yards. j,938tV doz.

23 doz. 151^ doz.

176 ps.

24 ps.'

24 ps.

75 ps.

536,845

138 N* 33»o»3 £’ 5.393 idoz.

294 doz. 12,257 doz.

8,7 3 3i doz. 1,288$ do?*

*79.870

1.02.6 £.

11 pieces.

£. s.

377 5 6

To Christmpji 700.

8,157 ps. 6,002 ps.

*93 ps*

9^ps.

93 ps*

60 ps.

60 ps. 4,000 yards.

3,721 goads.

ToChriflmas 1701.

i piece,

17 pieces.

1,128 yards. 2,360 yards. 1,254^ doz-

96- doz. 77 Ps*

8 ps.

8,401 ps. 5,728 ps.

80 ps.

4 Ps. i?9 ps. 2064. ps. 107 p*. 7,950 yards.

*,*89 £ ?,593 goads.

ToChriflmas 170a.

18 ps.

475^877 c

£ piece.

538 yards. 300 yards. 7467V doz.

53 doz. 31 ps.

353,?45

*5.937 Ps*

8,117i ps* 147 Ps.

2Q ps.

*53 PS-

244 ps.

*3t ps. 13,000 Yards, 280 £.

2,149 goads.

*8,59* £-

1,061 dps.

35? doz. 5i3I3A doz. 7*887 44 doz. 350 doz.

2*>3»°°9 L 400^.

I doz. idoz.

L ? d.

Tjl 12

26,920/;. 1,309 doz.

313 doz. 4,434i doz. 7,554 i doz. 93 doz.

154 doz. 147,866* £. 47£

8 pieces.

320 yards. 159 yards-. 9214. doz. 9 doz. 524 doz. 24 ps.

6 ps.

15 ps.

8 ps. . 602,604

£ * 4 10

d.

o

76,899 £ 1,511 doz.

485 doz. 5,043 doz. 12,329 |doz 84 doz. 48 doz. 244,7°7

.£. s. d. 17 6

Total of the Four Years.

5 pieces. 40,821 ps. 26,984* ps. 9°3l Ps.

33i ps. 504 ps.

55* ps. 43*t ps* 27,950 yards.

*,5771'

13,049 goads.

24 pieces. 39 pieces. 8f ps.

4 Ps. 3,026 yards. 3,95a yards. 4,860^ doz. 32 doz. 3524. doz. 308 ps.

38 ps.

39 Ps-107 ps.

*,968,57*

138N" ,

*65,4*3

9?275^ doz.

1,444 doz. 27,048! doz.

36,595x'idoz.

1,8154 doz. ,634- doz.

775>45*v£

1,902 £.

11 pieces. J doz. i doz.

£ - 4

4*° *4 -6

Vo i.. 17.

Custom-house, Inspector General’s Office, ,#h dyne 713.

Charles Q'Avinant.

5l

7 4 .

France

398

4° Junii.

.1713.

Corn, (

France Outwards.

COO’D S exported from Michaelmas 1685 to Michaelmas 1686, from all the Out. Ports of England, except DealeDartmouth*, Whitby, and Milford, for Michaelmas Quarter 1686.

Alum, per cwt. -Butter, j)er barrel Bays, per piece -

Beer, per tun -Brass, per cwt. -

Bread, per lb. - -

Bacon, per flitch Bones, Ox, per Mill. -Candles, per dozen Cotton Goads, per cwt.

r Malt, per quarter -Wheat, per quarter Oats, per quarter -Barley, per quarter Peas, per quarter -L Bye. per quarter -Coals, per chaldron Coin, foreign, per ps. -Clapholt, per cwt.

Copper, per cwt.

Wool Cards, per doz. -Cheese, per cwt. -Copperas, per cwt.

Deals, per c.

Dorset Dozen, per doz.

Flannel, per yard FI ax, undressed, per cwt.

Fish, Cod -Frize, per Yard- - -Glass for Windows, per chest Glass Bottles, per mill.

Figs, per cwt. -Goods ad valorem Gloves, Leather per doz.

Glew, per cwt. -Grindlestones, per cha.

Gunpowder, per cwt. -Herrings, per barrel, white -Herrings, per barrel red Hops, per cwt. -

Hose, Worsted per doz.

Hats CFeltsper doz.

(Caftorsper doz.

Horses -

Haberdashers Ware, per cwt.

Iron, per cwt.

Old Iron, per ton

Lime, per chaldron - 7

Leather, per c. - - - - 880

Cow-hides - - - - 683

Linen, per ell - I3»7^7

Lead, per ton - - - 126

Nails, per cwt. - 483

Oil Linfced, per tun -

Pilchards, per ton - 308

Pitch, per barrel ... 80

Rallies, Cloth per ps. - - 209

Rugs, per yard - - - - 400

Skins, Calve, per cwt. - - 1,397

Bever-lkins, per ps. - 5

Coverlets, per lb. - - - 1,456

Stuffs, Parlies, Jwrps. ,63,

(Serges, per ell - - 81,557

Blanketing, per ps. 2

Woollen Cloth, per lb. - - i»793

Perpetuanas, per lb. - 79,723

Steel, per cwt. - 6

Stones vocat'Hilling-fioncs per Mil. 287,236

360

- 2,652 0 0

fc 2,011

1,858

Tuns. Hhds. Gals*

- 26 a 15

- 53 2 O

- 15 2 80

- 6

- 17,000

- 4

- *23»555

- 250

9,668

- 277

» 368

102

- 758

- L557

640

- 10 2 O

- 16 O 0

- 4

" 18 O 0

- 4° O O

- 9°° O 0

- 2>747

1,077

- 22 I 14

*5°

- 1 IO

- too

- *5,75°

- !95 0 0

638 11 0

- 27

- 5° 0 0

3

- 1,500

922

- 10,652

- *5 1 0

- 959

- 6

- 23

- 65

- 1 0 7

- *3 3 0

- 1 5 0

c. o 3

*9 2

C. qrs. ~ lb

40 a o o o o o

3 7

Stuff, Silk wrought, per lb. Tin, per cwt.

Pewter, per cwt.

Tobacco, per lb.

Tar, per last Tobacco-pipes, per gross Vinegar, per hogshead Wax, Bees, per cwt. -Waistcoats, knit

Dated the 4th June

218

592 o 2

- |5 1 o

- 59»76®

80

366

- 1

158 3

as

John Jones, Surveyor.

As ACCOUNT of Goods exported from the Port of London to France, from Michaelmas 16851# Michaelmas 1686.

Stave, J Hog,1,tad.

c. V Woollen, lb. Stuffs, jworfled, per lb-

4,800

40,800

386

Long Cloths -Short Cloths Spanish Cloths -

Kersies

Double Dozens Single Dozens -Cloth Rallies Woollen Cloth in Remnants Perpets and Serges, 7,672 ps. qt. Stuffs and Says, 738 ps. qt. Flannels -

Frizes ..... Cottons and Plains - -

Camblets -

Single Bays - -

Double Bays -Minikin Bays -Hats, vocat’ Castor and Felts Fuflians -

Mens Worsted Hose -Childrens Worsted Hose Mens Woollen Hose -Childrens Woollen Hose Garments -

Penistones frized Penistones unfrized -Wadmoll - -

Woollen Caps -Wearing Apparel Alum -

Beef, per Barrel Beer -

Bellows -

Wrought Brass and Copper -Buttons, Hair -

Butter, per Firkin Books, printed, and Maps -

Bees Wax - -

Cheese -

Coals -

Coney-wool -

Corn.

Wiieat - -

Rye -

Oats -

Oatmeal -

Glass and Earthen-ware Glew - -

Plain Leather Gloves Buck Leather Gloves Glovers Clippings Gunpowder -

Haberdashery-ware Coach-harness -

Herrings - -

Lanthorn-leaveg Horses -

Hoops - -

Rams Horns -

Stags Horns -

Iron Ordnance -

Iron, Wrought, and Clock-work

Tanned Leather

424 ps.

164 ps.

4,190 ps.

3,298 ps.

152 ps.

1,289 ps.

2 pS.

1,657 lb.

1x5,083 lb.

7,381 lb.

28,230 Yards. 21,737 d*

90,685 goads.

439lb-

*>*53 P3*

712 ps.

58 ps.

22 doz.

124 ends. 2,139 doz.

472 doz. 4,364 doz.i I,i3°d*

141 18 ps.

25 ps.

830 Yards.

8 doz.

4 Trunks. 295 cwt.

3t

10 tons.

12 doz.

28^ cwt.

77 gross*

934 firkins 4.

49 c. 1 qr. o lb.

18 c. 1. qr. o

810

20 Chaldron.

1,900 lb.

701 quarters. 673 d*

35 d*

48 Bushels. 9,248 ps.

1,013i c.

86 doz.

6 pair.

17 maunds. 50a cwt.

9h c-

1 pair.

1,324 Barrels.

336,90°

11 Soo

75°

100 3 x cwt. 400! c. 7,646* O*

Linseed,

la Ann.

Linseed, pertjuArt - -

T ead -

Lead Shot -

Leather, wrought Old Shoes -

Oaker -

Ox Bones -

Pewter - -

Pictures -

Saddles -

Starch -

Salmon -

Skins.

Stage and Grey Coney-lkins Hare-skins, per N*_ -Cat-lkins ..... Dog Ikins, per Doz -Buck-skins -

Sheep-lkins, dressed -

Sugar, refined - -

4* Jto

399

*41 1,797 fodder. 1,258 cvvt.

619 lb.

1,075 doz.

1 cvvt. 30,400 81c.

3 Ci

3

18^ c.

49 barrels.

i°3»93d

80,508

4°

*4>i

ao

225

i\ c.

Silk wrought, and Stuff mixed with Silk, 7,014 lb

Tobacco Pipes

Tin....

Virginals -Wax, Seal ing Unrated Goods, Value -Foreign Goods. Allies, Pot Anniseeds -Almonds

Amber Beads Atlaffes -Brazeleto-wood Berrilla

Barbary Aprous - *

Bees Wax - -

Brimfiones - -

Boxes, japanned -Checks -Canvas -Canes -Currans -Chints -

Chuckleas - -

China Ware -

Coffee -

Cabinets -

Cups, japanned -

Cravats with Gold and Silver Cotton Wool -

Canary -

Cotton Yarn -

Cow-hides -

Carpets -

China Ware -

Cochineal -

Cnttances, with Gold -

Callicoes -

Cinnamon -

Dressing Boxes -

Diaper -

Elephants Teeth Figs -

Fustick - -

Guinea Grains -

Guinea Stuffs -

Ginger - -

Galls -

Goats-hair -

Goats-wool Ginghams -

Germany Linen, broad Germany Linen, narrow Gloves -

Hemp -

Horn-plates -

Hose -

Honey -

226 gross. 2,417 cwt.

3 pair.

30 lb.

j£-7>U8 16s. o.

- 23.694 lb.

24 cwt.

19 c. \

42 I b.

*9 ps.

- 183 Ton, 16 c.

- 360 lb.

- x

I>135c-

541

- 12

I ps.

2 c. and go ells.

10,000 N®

- 565 c. $ 21 lb.

25 ps.

- 1,506 ps.

60 ps.

- 27 c. 1 qr. 15 lb.

2 N®

15 N®

7 N®

- 12,517 lb.

122 Gallons.

- 113,401 lb.

- 9.685 N®

12 N®

3 Tubs. 8,810 lb.

43 ps-

- 134.646 ps.

4,200 lb.

2 N*

- _ 000 yards.

- 204 c.

48 c.

360 c.

- 50 lb.

56 ps.

18 c. 1 qr.

- 2,454 c. o qr. 141b.

32,787 lb.

- 9,040 lb.

375 Ps-

10 c. 4

34 c. 4

11 doz.

22 c.

6,300 N®

- 533 6oz. i

I9C* i

Hops 4

Hammocks, India - -

India Snuff Boxes Indict), rich -

Indico Plantation Jam Wares - -

Iron -

Incle, wrought - -

Lockrams

Lemons -

Linfeeds -

Lawns, Siletia -

Linen -

Logwood - -

Mundells, per ps -Neckcloths, per ps.

Ditto, {ingle - -

Nillaes -

Needle Cafes, India -Oil, ordinary -

Ozenbrigs -

Pepper -

Pepper Duff -

Pitch, perLall - -

Prunelloes - -

Pallempores, per ps. - -

Romalls - -

Rice - i -

Raisins, Solis -

Raisins, Malaga - '

Romalls, Cotton - Ditto, Silk, per ps. -

Red Earth -

Silk, wrought India Italian Ditto

Sugar, brown Sugar, white -

Soap, hard -

Silk Stockings ditched with Gold Silk wrought with Gold and Silver Shumack -

Safflore -

Spunges -

Salmon, per Barrel Silk, raw

Saleinpores -

Steel -

, Skins; viz,

Cordivants - -

Beavers -

Coney -

Otters -

Trunks, lacquered Tea-tables, japanned -Tallow, Irish - *

Tea -

Tortoise-shell Toilets -

Twine -

Tobacco . - *

Wood, red »

Wool, Spanish per c.

Wool, Spanish per bag -Wheat, per Quarter Drugs.

Oljbanum

Aloes Epatica - *

Seed, Pearl -

Caftorum -

Sanguis Dragonis Mirabulanes China Roots -

Balsam, natural - . -

Tamerinds - -

Wormfeeds - . - . - -

Senna - -

Scamony . - -

32 c. 3 qrS: o lb.

3N®

- 14 doz.

2,610 Jb.

700 lb.

- - 10

- 1 ton;

- 1,25a

3

- 150,000

- 150 bushels.

4

179 ells.

- 26 tons, 10 c.

- 20

L537

- 8,055

- 4,510 ps.

1

- 461 tun, 172 gall*

- 3*700 ells,

- 524.589 lb.

- 4,500 lb.

- *5 25 lb*

8

4 4.543 ps-1

- 32 c.

- 508 c. 3 qrs. o lb.

37 c- 2-4 3.174 P«-

- io£

- 5 tons, 5 c.

- 2,413 lb. 4.

- l8l lb; -6,0910.2 qrs.23lb.

- II4 C. 2. l8

- 26 C.

2 pair.

134 ells, b

6 5 c.

524 lb.

- 4,944 lb;

- 211

H,732

40

- 80 Ci

275

800

- *7,17°

200

*5

41

112 c*

4 56* lb.

- 625 lb.

3

- 3 c-1

-131,7831b.

- 40 c. o qrs. o lb;

- 603 c.

83

218

56 C;

3»9°7 Ib-

650 OZ;

22 ib.

50 lb. 8,224 lb. 3,600 Ib.

3lM

1,179 lb.

388 lb. 2,409 lb. ;30lb;

A

400

4<t Junii.

A. 1713.

Afla Foctida m 488 lb.-

Manna - - - 2,748 lb.

Liquorice Juice - - 3»k

Long Pepper - - 1,204 lb.

Alliforia - - - 70 lb.

Rhubarb - - 292 lb.

Jesuits Bark . 3 lb.

Quinta - - 240 lb.

Cassia Fiftula - 560 lb.

Cassia Ligna - 336 lb.

Stick Lack 56 lb.

Aloes Cicotrina - 920 lb.

Roman Vitriol . - 165 lb.

Cambogium - 4151b.

Opium - 10 lb.

Gum Elemni 35 to.

Angelica - - 40 lb.

Cortex - - 404 lb.

Nux Vomica - 797 to.

Gum Dragonis - - - 070 lb.

Storax Calamatm 427 lb.

Coculus Indite . 700 lb.

Gal ban urn ... - 300 lb.

Cardamon is 61b.

Sal Armoniac - 250 lb.

Oil Debay - - 400 lb.

Cufcarilla - - 60 lb.

Red Orice - 200 lb.

Musk, per 0z. - 192 oz.

Musk Cods -Custom-howse, London, *6 June, *7‘3- France. 38 doz. $ P. Bertie, Robert Burton.

GOODS imported from Michaelmas 1685 to Mi-

ckaehnas 1686, in all the Out Ports of England,

except Deale, Dartmouth, and Milford, for Michaelmas Quarter 16 86. 1

Apples, per Bulliel * 5®

Allum, per cwt. m - 24 0 0

Anchovies, per barr. - 42

Almonds, per-c. - - 35c. 2 0

Barley, per c. - 300

Burs for Millienes - - 2,300 Tuns. Hhds. Galls.

Brandy, per tun - 559 3 3° j

Cheese, per c. m 800 ,

Corn Fans, perdoz. - 10

Cork, perc. 357 c. 3- 8 '

Catlings, per gross m 63*

Copperas, per c. - - 11 c. 1 0

Chesnuts, per bushel - - 22

Cordage, per C. - - 16 3 7

Calve-(kins in the Hair, per ps. - 31,9*

Earlings, per gross - 6i

Empty Calks, per c. - 30

Figs, per c. - - 121 0 0

Feathers, per c. - 360 i 0

Flax, perc. - 200

Glades for Drinking - - 3,600

Goods, ad valorem - - £7»°23

MufcavadoSugar, per cwt. m 260 0 0

Maces - - 11 1 15

Gunpowder, per c. - - a 0 0 .,

Honey, per Ton - - 191 0 0

Hops, per c. - - - - 2 0 0 j

Hemp, rough per c. - - 670 0 0 Tons. C. qr». k

Iron, per Ton . 147 7 -i

Kid-skins ... - -518,732

Poledavis, perbolt - - 2,038

Linen Yarn, b. . 4,506

Linen, Holland, per ell - - 389

Lockrams.iper ps. - - 37,245 '

Lawns, Sileiia, per ps. - - - 3°

Brilf/h Cloth, per ell. - - 6,502

Buckrams, perips. - - 15®

Flanders Linen, per -ell - - 160 i

Diaper for Napkming, per yard - 4i5°» 1

Genting, per ps. - - 299

Dowlas, per ps. - - - - ii>54i

Lemons, per mil. - - 30,000

Laths, per ps. - - - 3°*5°°

Mustard-feed, per cwt. - - - 720

Maloffes, per cwt. - - 859 2 0

Match, per lb. m - 5,25°

Olives, per cwt. - - - 11 0 0

Outnal, per doz. - - 1 t

Onions, per bunch - m 200

Oakum, per cwt. - - 1,374 1 26 Tan*. Hhds. Galls*

Oil, per Tun - - 7 2 36

Prunes, per cwt. - m - 29,748 3 0

Plaister of Paris, per mount. - - 1

Parchment, per doz. - - 5

Paper per ream - - 11,617

Peas, per bushel - - 5

Quails, per doz. - ... *5

Rosin, per cwt. m - 4,992 0 17

Salt, perwey - 15,821

Soap, per cwt. - 2,530 3 21

Succads, per lb. - - - 40

SeaMkins, per ps. m - 3

Silk, wrought per lb. m - I,5>591

Tallow, per cwt. - - 728 1 0

Tow, per cwt. - 80 0 0

Thread, Bruges, per doz. - - 22 0 0

Tregar, per ps. - - 306 0 d

Ticking, per yard - - 41

Twine, pei' cwt. - - - 100

V erdegreafe, pei' lb. m Tons. Hhds. Ga^s.

Vinegar, per tun - - O 2* 49

Wine, per tun - - 3,888 3 26

Wheat, per quar. - - 42

Walnuts, per barrel - 3,328

Wine Lees, per tun Dated 4th of June 1713. John Jones, Surveyor.

An ACCOUNT of Goods imported into the Port of London from France, from Michaelmas 1685 to Michaelmas 1636 j viz.

Quality.

Anchovies -Anchovies -Apples -Annotto -Beans -

Boxes, Fire or Tinder Boxes -

Quantity.

94 double barrels. 354 fin "I. barrels. 547 bushels. ,ioo£.

75 bushels, tdozen.

, , t Great -

sfe- - -

(Lace -Books, unbound -Brandy -

Brushes, voc' Rubbing-brushes Basket-rods -Brulhes, vec Comb-brushes Bracelets, or Neddaees, of Gfafs Boultel Raines -Burs for MiMlone Bricks -

Buckramsef French making iCheefe - -

Cafes for Needles Cork -

iCapers -

iCanes . , - -

Cherries -

Cloth of Woollen IDornix with Caddas -IDornix with Silk

/Coral m Fragments Myrrh Gum F.lemn Tamerinds Turbith ^Fenugreek

*KI

3

1,141

too

,66£-

z*q c o qrs. 141b. 1,568 tuns, 215 gall,

1 dozen.

921 bundles.

6 dozen.

37 small gross.

368 pieces.

100 N*

10,000

842 pieces.

- 47 u. 2 qrs. 7 lb.

60 fmaH gross.

- 5,104 c. 2 qrs. o lb,

- 86,474 -C

- 2,000

4 c. o qrs. o lb.

- 16 yards.

93 2{ pieces.

- 19 pieces.

3oi

x73

74

4

35

95 c. 2 qrs. o £.

Oil

f 2 Al^N.

4° Jam.

401

8

en

tc(

Quality.

Oil of T-urpentirie Hermoda&ihls -Tornfal Piony Seeds Alkanet-roots

Gentiana -Agnus-castus Seeds Graitis of France Gratia Pine Lupins

Orange-sfldwer-water Rose-leavts Cortex CaperOm Antimonium crudum 203 c. Benjamin -Bdellium -Alcherries-fyru'p -Ciceres Manna Cantharides Grana Tinflorum Euphorbinm Gutn-fandrake -Garden-feeds Suocus Liquoritie Frankincense of Franc Oil of Spike Fennel-feed Prunelloes Turpentine, common, 2,023 c*

14

61

Cumin-feeds Almonds, bitter Aristolochia Sebeftines Horns of Harts -Verdigrease Labdanum Lentilcs -V.Sal Armonicum -Fleams to let Blood Freece -Flax, undressed Feathers for Beds - - 761 3

Furs, IMartron-skins -

roca/’jBudge-steins white -Fans for Corn -Fans for Women and Children -

Quantity. 9>doo £.

340 /. »3o&

l5£-io6£. 100l.

100

too£.

rri£.

266 ghllons.

4°Ojf«

aS°)C-

qrs. o

.69£;

LI49

,»I37

I»74°Z*

4o £.

684

hC

100 £. o'qr. 0 £. *>*66 £.

* oqr. O/.

A*o£‘. 3,000^. 24,838 £. iqr. 6

« 9

*50

4*4 54 r,»I25 7*5 £ I»55° £ oi84 £ 3,876 ps.

126 yards.

112 e. 1 qr. 9 £.

20

c.

3^4 timber. 20 360

162 dozen.

Glass for Windows, Normandy white 1,487 cases. Glass Pipes, great - - 91 c. 1 qr.

Glades, vocal' Looking-glades, N* 10 Glass Sights for Looking-glades Glass Phials -

Raidns of the Sun - 81 c. 3 qrs.

Goods of divers Kinds, not rated) valued per Oath -

Gauls -

Gloves, French making - i ’Almonds, sweet , Anniseeds Pepper -Prunes -k Sugar-, white -

at£

Grocery,

vocaC

Honey

Hemp, rough Hops -Hoops, for Coopers Ink, for Printers -

Jett....

Iron -

Incle, nnwrought

Inkhorns - British Linen -

Canvas, tufted with Tliread Canvas, Vitrey Canvas, Spruce Canvas, Normandy narrow Vo t. 17.

3

2 dozen.

6 dozeh.

400

13>558 4* Gd*

- i'ooc. t qr. 61b.

- 4 dozen.

309 c. >qr- 14

- 18 4 O,

53°£-

- 17,256c. 3qr.

3 3 0

c

3 Ho£(heads, 33 gallons.

608c. oqr. of.

46 o 41 15,000

- 1 c. 1 qr. o /.

98

- 160c. oqr. of.

93* £

- 200 single ells.

- 3 Pieces.

6,145 c. 1 qr. o ells.

030 1,370 o 20

Quality.

Canvas,. Normandy broad Chmbricks Danwrfk Napkining Damask Tabling -Diaper Napkining -Didper Tabling Dowlafi

Germany, broad Germany, narrow -Linen -Lawns

Lockrams - -

Renting

Mafcovta Linen, narrow ^Polonia Linen Luftrings, f Catlings vocal' (. Minikins -r«i {Ordinary Oil -JSalladOil vocat tTrain Oil Orchal -

Orahges and Lembns -Onions- -Oakum -Olives -Uaker ..

Paper,

vocat

Blue Cap

Copy -Demy -Royal -Plaister of Paris -Pears, dried Plate, Silver white Plate, Silver gilt Pasteboard for books -Plufos, dried Pomegranates Quails ..

Quills, vocat' Goose-quills Rackets -Rosin, of France -Rosa Solis -

Rape of Grapes -Rice -Rings of Wire 01, (Thrown Silk -’< Wrought Silk mca‘ I Raw Silk

Salt ..

Saffron ..

Steel -

Succades ..

Soap ..

Stone, vocal' Mijlstones Stuffs, woollen -Sea-holly Roots -Cyder - -

Stones, vocaf Cane-stones f Kid-skins, dressed Kid-skins, in the Hair Seal - -

Buck, dressed -

ICalve-skins -Goat-(kins Sheep-skins -Lamb-lkins -Huss-lkins, for Fletchers f Sifters Thread TiiMnj J Whited-btowh Thread T^re*, piecing Thread

{^ Bridges Thread Twine ..

Teazels -Table-books, coarse -Ticks for Beds

5*

Skins,

vocat'

QuantHy

4,631$ pieces. 384 yrfrds.

143 yards. 41,057 yards. 7,437 ydrds. 574pkfoek s0'e. 3qr. cell* 14 o o 15,'183 ells.

51 pieces. 20,035 pieces.

2;64 i pieces.

Vc. oqr. 20dlls

1 4 '20

i 44 fmafl gross. 29$ small gross.

18 tuns, 25 gallons.

1 406

4 o

2 c oqr.

11,250 80 Bunches.

15c. 1 qr. 10 113 hogsheads,

-J- barrel.

20 reams.

20 reams. 77,336 reams.

1,670 reams.

1,659 reams.

32 mounts.

304 barrel. 1,423 ounces.

i>367

50 150

1.000

915 dozen.

10.000

888

7,048c. 1 qr. i-i gallons.

5 tuns.

7c. oqr. 2^.

14 small gross. 1,628 £.

5,9064- £.

51

802 Wey.

280 £.

oc. 1 qr. 14/.

9»°47 3,2:9c. oqr. i£. 400 pieces.

61 yards.

31 c. 2 qr. 7 7 tans, 168 gallons. 70 tons,

600

560,124

4.000 34

5.57®

40 1,680

14.000 9*554

'7*1 C

5*3951 dozen.

4444 dozen. 20,347t dozen.

1 c. 2 qr. of.

10.000 12 dozed.

30

Tapeltry

40a

GrefhjLm’i

Estate.

Lady

Brownlow'a

Eftatt.

Harvey’g Estate.

Prevention of Duelling*

Limiting

Officers.

Commercial Treaty with Vrance.

40 — 5* Junti. A. 1713.

Quality. Quantity.

Tapestry with Caddas - 1,188 ells.

Tapestry with Silk 162 ells.

Waistcoats, knit - - . jo ps.

Wire, vocal' Steel-wire - 3>5°°

Wine-lees - - 127 tuns.

Wool - 9 bags.

Walh-balls - 8 gross.

Wool, vocat' Beaver-wool - 3° I-

Wool, vocat' Lambs-wool - .2 bags.

Wool, vocat' Spanish Wool 2 bags.

Walnuts - - - 4Q3* bushel.

Wine ... 12,760 tuns, 237 gallons.

Yarn, Worsted 200 £.

Yarn, Mohair - 282 £.

Yarn, raw Linen, French - 676 £.

Custom-house, London, 4* June 1713.

Oha. Tower, D. Coll E. Rumbold, S' G.

Tho. Andrew, Deputy Surveyor. C. Downing, Cornet.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table,; to be perused by the Members of this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr. Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Sir Charles Gresham Baronet, to raisetheSum of Five thousand Pounds, and Interest, and Maintenance, for Elizabeth the Daughter of his Brother, Sir Edward Gresham, Baronet, deceased; and to make Provision for his younger Children: T° which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming Articles, and veiling the Manor of Kirby Underwood, in the County of Lincoln.and other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, thereby agreed to be sold, in Trustees, for discharging the Debts of Sir Brown-low Baronet, deceased, and his Daughters Portions; and other Purposes in the said Articles mentioned;, without Amendment. And,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable William Harvey the elder, Esquire, and Esquire, his Son, to settle a Jointure, and grant a Lease, and for veiling the Inheritance, after a Term of Five hundred Years, of Lands, in , in Trustees,

to be sold, for raising Portions for his Daughters.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order being read, for the Second reading the Bill to: abolish Tryals by Angle Combat; and to prevent the impious Practice of Duelling; ,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons;

And the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon next,

at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to make effectual the Eighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J }*«

Tellers for the Noes,| } *35

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the several Petitions which have been presented to the House, relating to the said Bill, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard before the Committee, if they think fit; and that no more than Two Persons be heard upon any Petition.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn" British ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of her Majesty’s Speech, which relates to the Encouragement and Improvement of the Fishery.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Half Pay her Majesty, That the will be pleased to direct an Offic*r*> Estimate to be laid before this House of the Half Pay to be given to the Officers who have served Well by Land during the late War.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moil honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That all Committees, which were to fit this Committees. Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

V meris, 5* dieJunit;

12* Anne Reginse, 1713.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Booth'* to enable William Booth Gentleman, to fell certain Estate-Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Chester, for Payment of the Debts of his Brother, with whom, and for which, he Hands bound; and for applying the Surplus, if any, of the Money raised for such Purpose, towards Payment of his own proper Debts; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act L*e's Eft»te for enabling Henry Lee, the younger, alias Lee Warner, to make a Jointure upon his Marriage, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm.

Hardress, Mr. Campion, S'n Gcffery Lee,

Sir Robert Davers, Sir Geo. Newland, Mr. Annefey,b,lr. Oglethorp, Sir Richard Vyvyan, Sir Wm.

Mr. Newland, Mr. Jlledlycot, Sir Robert Eden, Mr.

Lampton, Mr. Hart, Mr. John fan, Sir Fran. Vincent,

Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Foley, Colonel Drake, Mr. Hey-

siam, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Mr. Duncomb,

Mr. Vincent, Mr. Bingham, Mr. Gape, Mr. Goul/lon,

Mr Crosse, Colonel Stephens, Mr. Ferrier, Mr.

Mr. Berney, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Black-more, Mr. Bertie, Sir Pat. Johnston, M Sir

Tho. Powell, Sir Just. Iftiam, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Manley,

Mr. Harris, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Bulteel, Mr. Herbert,

Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Corrance, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Elford-, and all that serve for Norfolk and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords intituled, An Act Burgoine’# for veiling divers Lauds and Hereditaments in the Coun- Estate* ties of Warwick and Bedjord, late the Estate of Sir Poorer Burgoine Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, for divers Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved,

12 Ann. 5" — 6°

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Oglethorp, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Foley, Sir Tho. Gery, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Mr. Lord

Harley, Mr. Winnington, Sir Pat. Mr.

son, Mr. Gale, Mr. Moncton, Lord Mr.

Farrer, Mr. Trefufis, Mr. Wild, Colonel Boteler, Sir Geo. Newlatid, Sir Ja. Rushout, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Newdigate, Mr.

' Mr. Lampton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Murray, Sir John Cope, Mr. Worjley, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Cater, Mr. Knight, Lord Dotvn, Mr. Harvey, Sir Tho. Powell, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Mr.

Cotton, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Bangham, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Harris, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Ferrier, Sir -

ington, Mr. Newland, Mr. Gore, Sir Richard Mr. Medlycott, Sir Wm. Gojlwick, Mr. Mr.

Evelyn, Mr. Steevens, and all that serve for the Counties of Warwick and Bedford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Election* in Mr. Lockhart reported from the Committee of the

Scotland. whole House, to whom the Bill for the better regulating

the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed,

the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed

to be reported to the House; and he read the same in his

Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s

Table: Where they were once read throughout; and

then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question

severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

African Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for establishing the

Trade. Trade to Africa free and open to all her Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain, and the Plantations, be read the Third time on Monday next, at One of the Clock.

Ditto. A Petition of divers Planters, on behalf of themselves,

and others, who have Sugar Plantations in her Majesty’s Colonies, in America, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have per used the Bill, now depending, intituled, A Bill for establishing the Trade to Africa free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects of Great Britain, and the Plantations: That no Supply of Negroes is provided for the Sugar Colonies, or any Stock obliged to be exported; and should the said Bill pass into a Law, to the Pleasure of some designing Persons, who would impose greatly on the Petitioners, and engross that Trade wholly to themselves, the Petitioners cannot depend on certain Supplies, unless from substantial Security, by a large Stock appropriated for that End; for want of which the Plantations will become uncultivated, and the Trade and Navigation from Great Britain be loft: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, upon the Third Reading of the said Bill.

iy.tto. A Petition of the Royal African Company was

presented to the House, and read; praying to be heard against the Bill for establishing the Trade to Africa free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects of Great Britain, and the Plantations:

And the said Petition was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

>avalStore*. Mr. Shackerly presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from North America; and for encouraging Vol. 17-

Junii. 403

the Importation of Naval Stores from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to that Part oi Great Britain called England:And the same was received.

A Petition of several Perfops concerned in the mak- pitch and ing Pitch and Tar from Roch or Roof Stone, in behalf Tar making, of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth *

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Finch,

Lord Lumley, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Geo. Newland, Colonel Morton, Sir Wm. Withers, Sir Tho. Powell, Mr ley, Mr. Tilney, Sir GefferyPalmer, Mr. Sir John

Cope, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Kinafton, Sir John HyndCotton, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Newland,

Mr. Renda, Mr. Ward, Lord Harley, Mr. Winnington,

Sir Gilbert Elliott, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Harris,

Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Freman, Mr. Cafar,

General Rosse, Sir Richard Vyvyan, Mr. Bulteel, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Bracebridge, Captain Mr.

Duncomb, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Oglethorp, Mr.

Auditor Harley, Mr. Murray, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Conyers, Mr LowndeColonel Mr. Manley, Sir Wm.Whitelocke, Sir John Caffe, Sir

ander Cummings, Mr. Levingfion, Colonel Byerley,

Mr. Baylie, Mr. Cuningham, Sir James Campbell, Mr.

Annejley, Mr. Lowther, Lord Wm.; and all that

serve for the Sea Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Way* and whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means Mean* for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to aResolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbat'ty 6° die Junii;

12* Annas Regina, 1713;

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Grelham* for enabling Sir Charles Gresham Baronet, to raise Estate-the Sum of Five Thousand Pounds, and Interest, and Maintenance, for Elizabeth the Daughter of his Brother Sir Edward Gresham Baronet, deceased; and to make Provision for his younger Children; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for

404 <T Junto. 1713.

Maimia for thdSiOeifftWlfcvwBoii and Inheritance of the Mauor

Hjh*’* of Motley, in the County of York, together with a Term of Fire hundred Year* therein, decreed to be sold, for Payment of Debts; and also for exchanging a Fee-farm Rent of the Co-heirs of William late Marquis of fax, iffuiDgodtrof'PBrt of LeifftildYor*&, in for a Fee-form 'Rent of Daniel Earl of Nottingham, issuing out of Hertingfordbury, in and for

settling the same to such Uses as the said Fee-farm Rent In Rutland/hlte was settled; was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir/oAn Mor-Haant, Mr. Freman, Mr. Conyers, General Rqffe, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Pitt, Sir George Beaumont, Mr. Brace-'bridge, Mr. Crqffe, Mr HMr. Medlycot, Sir Robert £«fe«, Sir Tho. Powell, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Gale, Mr. Ceefar, Mr. Bruce, Mr. Mr. Lockhart, Mr.

I Shackerley, Sir Geo. Netoland, Mr. Mr. Gape,

Mr. Halsey, Mr. Gtyyn, Mr. Uoyd, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Foley, Dr. Poifr, Mr. Robinson, Sir Richard Vyvyan, Mr. Vincent, Sir Richard Farington, Mr.

'teorth, Mr. Wrightson, Sir Fran. Vincent, Mr. Goulfion,

Mr. Dtmcomb, Mr. Bingham, Mr. Bagott, Mr. Shafto, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Halford, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Murray, Mr. Pringle, Sir Roger Mofiyn: and all that serve for the Counties of Rutland, York, and Hertford: And "they are to meet this Afternoon at Fire a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Earl of An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Coventry's for railing Five thousand Pounds Portion out of several Effete. Lands in Middlesex and Wanoickshire, charged therewith, being the Estate of the Right honourable Gilbert Earl of Coventry; and for paying the same to the Lady Anne Coventry, his Daughter, at her Marriage, though the same should be before her Age of Eighteen Years; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pytts, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Cotton, Mx.Heysham, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Bampfyld, Mr. Anjlis,

Sir Wm. Carew, Mr. Fowndes, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Cross, Sir Richard Vyvyan, Mr. Serjeant Hooper, Mr Jefferyes, Mr. Bolder, Lord Wm. Mr. Wyld, Earl of

Thomond, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Phelipps, Mr. Bultccl, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Blackmore, Sir Eden,

Mr. Serjeant Comyns, Lord Harley, Sir Fran. Vincent, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Bruce, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Burslem, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. C/wlmondeley, Mr. Goulfion, Mr. Auditor Harley, Lord Finch, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Finch, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Onfiow, Mr. Bingham, Sir Tho. Morgan, Colonel Worfiey; and all that serve for the Counties o cefierand Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

E«rl of _ The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Fft0mond'* Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, ttte* An Act for confirming several Grants, in Fee-farm, made by Henry Earl of Thomond, by virtue of, or since, the puffing a former Act of Parliament; and for giving some Ease and Relief to the Purchasers, under, or since, the said former Act:

And the same were twice read; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Press 3. Line 23. After " assembled," insert "and v by Authority of the same

Press 4. Line 1. Leave out from " " to " and, "

In the 6th Line:

Press 7. Line 32, 33, 34. Leave out, "according to " the true Intent and Meaning of the respective Grants " and Conveyances thereof," and insert " and payable " to all and every the Person and Persons, Uses, Intents,

*and Purposes, as the Rents and Profits of the Premises " so leased, or granted in Fee-farm, or mentioned to be " leased, r granted in Fee-farm, should have gone, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said " Indenture of Settlement:

Prfcfs 8. Line 24, 25, 26. Leavfe but and all and " every the &id'Grantee and'Grantees, Fee-former and " Fee-formers, their Heirs and Assigns."

Ordered, That Sir William Wyndhatn do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

A Petition of the Dyers, Cloth-WOrkers, Packers, Commercial Calenders, Setters, and others concerned in the WooIIen Treaty with Manufactures, in behalf of themselves, and many Thou-fond others, living in and about the City of London, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That great Quantities of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom have been annually exported to Portugal,

Italy, Turkey, the Levant and Spin time of Peace:

That it is notorious, that the Encouragement of late Years given to the importing into these Kingdoms the Product of those Countries, upon easier Terms than Goods of the some Kinds were suffered to be imported from France, has enabled them, in return, to take off such large Quantities of our Manufactures, which hereafter they cannot do, should the Duties on the Goods and Merchandizes brought from France be reduced equal with the Duties on Goods, Sc. of like Kind, imported from other Countries; and should all the Prohibitions on Merchandizes brought from thence, ina-posed since 1664, be repealed: That French Commodities have been tod much preferred here to the like of other Countries, when they were at higher Rates; and, if cheaper, will prejudice the Importation of other Wines; and that from thenceforwards raw Silks from Turkey and Italy will not bemanufactured in this Kingdom, whilst the French import their Silks ready manufactured; which will abolish the Manufactures of like Kind in Great Britain, and ruin the Exportation of Woollen Goods to those Parts: That, should the French obtain the Ibwering the Duties, and Repeal of the Prohibitions on their Goods and Merchandizes, they will engross the raw Silks, and dyeing Wares, from Turkey and Italy; and supply those foreign Markets with their Woollen Manufactures, which formerly were only supplied from Great Britain; to the Ruin of the said Manufactures: That at the same time the French demand the Lowering of the Duties, and Repeal on their Goods and Merchandizes, propose to continue higher Duties on the said Woollen Manufactures, and other Merchandizes, amounting almost to Prohibitions; and with a Design to improve their own Manufactures; to the Ruin of the Petitioners: And praying this House to continue and encourage them in this Kingdom, on such a Foot as may enable them to supply the Portuguese,

Spaniards, &c. with the Manufactures of this Kingdom, and advantageous to Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to make effectual the Eighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce between Great Britain and France is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard thereupon, before the said Committee, if they think fit.

A Petition of the Stuff-makers and Clothiers, Sc. Ditto, within the City of Brifioll, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands employed in theWoollenManufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That, for some time past, the Petitioners have not had Sales for their Goods; which hasoccafioned Thousands of Poor to want Employ, to the great Increase of the Poor Rates: And praying Relief in the Premises, and that the Spanish and Portugal Trade may not be disconraged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to make effectual the Eighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce between Great tain and France, is committed: And that the Petitioners

be

Rebrcca and Cecilia

Elegions in Scoiiond.

Ways and Means*

rtaiik Pro-

i 2 Ann.

6° Junii.

405

be beard thereupon, before the said Committee, if they in like Manner and Proportion as by the former Acts is think (it. directed for the former Bills. And in case a further Sum of Eight thousand Pounds per to commence,

A Petition of Robert Afon, Simon Francia, Mer- and take Effect, from the One-and-thirtieth of July 1713, chants, and other Owners and Proprietors of the Two and to be payable, quarterly, out of the Funds for Ex-Prize Ships, to wit, the Rebecca, and the Cecilia, taken chequer Bills, established by the said former Arts, or in the late War from the Subjects of the French King, feme of them, shall, together with the yearly Sum of was prefeutedto the House, and read; setting forth, That £. 45,000 already payable to the said Governor and the Petitioners, on their Purchase of the aforesaid Ships, Company, by the said Art of the gth Year, of her Ma-have been at great Expences in refitting the fame, and jesty’s Reign, after the Payment of the Intered, and loaded them with proper Cargoes to different Markets, Allowance for Circulation, as well upon the Bills i.Tued, from whence they are returning, with various Species, and to be issued, pursuant to the former Arts, as also from the <$ 'treights, West Indies, and East Country Trade; upon the said Bills for £. 1,200,000, and i'uch quarterly

which if not permitted to import into Great Britain, Bills as shall be made out for the Interest, and Allow-ber Majesty will lose greatly by the Customs, the said ance for Circulation of the fame, and with Preference to Ships being taken from the Enemy, and condemned as the cancelling or discharging any of the said Exchequer Prize, as by Sentence of Condemnation in the Court of Bills, be appropriated and continued to the said Gowr-Adtniralty appears: And praying Leave to bring in a nor and Company, until such time as no more than Bill for making the said Ships free to import their Car- Nineteen hundred thousand. Pounds of all the said Bills goes into any of the Ports of Great Britain. for 2,500,000, £. 400,000. and £. 1,200,000, and the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, quarterly Bills issued, and to be ifined, as aforesaid, taken according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that together, shall be Handing out uncancelled mthe W hole, Mr. Alduorth, and Sir George Beaumont, do prepare, they the said Governor and Company, in Consideration and bring in, the fame. thereof, and of a further Prolongation of their present

certain Term in their Corporation, and original Fund

An ingrossed Bill for the better regulating the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better regulating the F.lertions of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Lockhart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole I louse, who w ere to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, That the Committee had received a Proposal from the Bank of England in relation thereunto; and that ti e Committee had thereupon come to a liefolutiou, and directed him to report the said Proposal, with their Resolution, to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read:

And the said Proposal and Resolution are as follow; viz.

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled.

Whereas, in pnrfuuuce offeveral Arts of Parliament, Exchequer Bills, to the Amount of 2,500,000, and £. 400,000, have been made out, and issued, for her Majesty's Supply; and other quarterly Exchequer Bills have been, and may be, made out for Payment of the Interest, and Allowances for Circulation, upon the Bills for £. 2,500,000 and £. 400,000 first mentioned, until the Funds established by those Arts shall commence; all which B'l'.s, by the said Arts, were at first to be answered by the Governor and Company of the Bank o at such times only as they should pass through the Revenue: But the said Governor and Company afterwards, by an Art of the gth of her Majesty’s Reign, for the Con-siderations therein mentioned, are obliged to exchange all the said Bills for Money, from time totiuie, at Demand, whether such Bills should pass the Revenue or not:

Now the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England humbly propose, That for the Publick Supply this Year, if it shall be thought fit, to issue a ftnther Sum of Twelve hundred thousand Pouudsin Exchequer Bills; and that the Principal, together with the Interest thereof, at Twc-pence per Centum per Diem, and an Allowance of three Pounds/;er Centum in 1 eipert

thereof, for Circulation, to he answered quarterly, be charged upon the present Funds for Exchequerliills, in the like manner as is settled by the former Acts; and for paying off, and cancelling, the said lall-mentioned Bills, Yol . 17.

of £. 100,000, per Annum, for Ten Years, and a Year’s Notice, are willing to undertake, and be obliged, fronv the time of issuing any of the said further Bills for £. 1,200,000, to exchange for ready Money, all such of the said further Bills, and quarterly Bills to be made out, for the Interest thereof, and Allowance thereupon, as from time to time, and at all times, shall come to the Hands of any Person or Persons, and shall be demanded of the said Governor andt ompaay, to be exchanged for ready Money: But the said Governor and Company further humbly propose. That they may be empowered, to contract and agree with any Persons for advancing to the said Governor and Company, from time to time, such Sums of Mouey, on such Terms as they shall find necessary, for the more secure and easy carrying on-this Undertaking; and that they may have such other.

Clauses granted them as shall be thought reasonable for the better enabling them to perform the fame.

By Order of the Court of Directors.

Jo. Ince, Secretary.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Proposition of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for raising the Sum of One million Two hundred thousand Pounds, upon such Terms and Conditions as are therein mentioned, be accepted.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Propoliiion of the 1 Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for raising the Sum of One million Two hundred thousand Pounds, upon such Terms and Conditions as are therein mentioned, be accepted.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Lowndes, and Mr. I've man, do prepai e, and bring in, the lame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mellar and Mr.

Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Art, for Coniuble’s Sale of several Lands and Tenements of Gentleman, in the Parish of Ockley, in the County of Surry, for Payment of his Debts; and for settling other Lauds, in the same County, of a better Value, to the fameUfcs, in lieu thereof: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Harrington’*

5 L enable Eu"t

Prey’s

Llute.

Poor Vira-rHiift in I or U il lire.

Stonrton

Manor.

Naval

Slo;cs.

Conunerria! Treaty with France,

Commercial 1 reaty with Franc§.

406 6° — 8° Junii. A. 1713.

enable John Harrington F.fqbire, and Dorothy his Wife* and Charles Harrington Gentleman, his Son, and Heir apparent of t lie said John Harrington, to fejl the Rever* lion of several Messuages and Tenements in in the County of Lancaster, being the inheritance of the said Dorothy, for Payment of their Debts; and settling

an Equivalent upon the said Dorothy; To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell some Out-parts of the Estate of Sir Bouchier Wrey Baronet, in the County of Devon,

for the Purposes therein mentioned, with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An Act for making Inclosures of some Part of the Common Grounds in the West hiding of the County of , for the endowing poor Vicarages and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed !o the Bill, intituled, An Act for divesting the Crown of the Remainder, in Fee-simple, of and in the Manor and Advowson of in the County of Wilts, and several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the same Manor belonging, expectant on certain Estates Tail; and for veiling the same in certain other Persons therein named, to the Intent the same may be barred, by proper Methods in Law, for the Purposes therein mentioned: without any Amendment,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stoics from North America; and for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to that Part of Great Britain called England; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to make effectual the Eighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France is committed, to receive a Clause, declaring. That the Goods and Merchandizes of Great Britain, mentioned in the Ninth Article of the said Treaty, are, and shall be, intended to extend as well to the Goods and Merchandizes of the Growth, Product, and Manufacture, of any other Country whatsoever imported into France by the Subjects of Great Britain, as to the Goods and Merchandizes of the Growth, Product and Manufacture, of Great Britain.

Lord Daren, Sir Arthur Kay, \tr.Cholmley, Mr. Turner,

Colonel Morton, Mr. Annejley, Sir Peter King, Mr.

Poullney, Sir Alexander Cuming, Mr. Mr. At-

torney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir TPowell, Mr. Pytls, Mr. Onjloio, Mr Earl, Kir. Morgan, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Shackerley, Mr.

Ber/ie, S\r Jo. Cotton, Lord Wm.Ppiolett, Mr. Loiclher,

Sir Richard Farrington, Sir James Campbell,

Mr. Rurflem, Mr. Harris, Mr. Bingham, Mr.

Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Cue far. Sir Gilbert Dolben, Roger Mojlyn, Sir Geo. Newland, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Bulled, Mr. Rmoney, Mr. Ward, Captain Chapman, Mr.

Wrightson, Mr. Lifer, Mr. Carnegie, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Moor, Sir Jacob Banks, Colonel

And they are to meet this Afternoou at Five a Clock,

in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit de Die in Diem:

And have Leave to lit in a Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Preventing make the Laws more effectual foi* preventing the Expor- Export ut tation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland, to so- "oo1, reign Parts: And that Mr. Manley,\lt Auditor Sir Richard Onjlmv f\ir. Pytls, Mr. Bulled, Mr. Alonclon , and Mr. Harris, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro- Commerc-bi posed, That an humble Address lie presented to her Treaty »uk Majesty, That Ihe will be pleased to direct an Account 1'raDce* to be laid before this House of the Rule mentioned in the 9th Article of Treaty of Commerce between Great Britain and France, for the paying of Duties in the Provinces not contained in the Tariff of 1664;

And the previous Question was put. That that Question be now put.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for the Yea

Tehersfor theNoeaf^r

So it palfed in the Negative.

44*

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, Limiting at Twelve aClock, resolve itself into a Committee of the Officer, m whole House, upon the Bill for securing the Freedom of the llou1*-Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Publicum night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ot House, upon the Bill to prevent the Printing and Pub-lishing of blasphemous, treasonable, seditious, and scandalous, Books and Libels; and for the better regulating of the Press.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Proceedings, in the Year 1674, in relation to the Treaty of Commerce then depending between England and France; and report the same to the House: And that they be directed to search the Journals of both Houses of Parliament: And that they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records:

And it is referred to Mr. Iwtchmere, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Tho.

Mr. Winnington, Mr. Bromley, Sir Charles Tinner, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Freman, Colonel Lee, Colonel Stephens,

XIr. Aflabie, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Dockminique, Mr.

Serjeant Comyns, Sir C/irif. Hale, Mr. Baylie, General Rose, Mr. Manley, Lord Harley, Mr. Mr.

Auditor Harley, Admiral Aylmer, Sir John,

Mr. Perrier, Mr. Shippcn, Mr. AliLcorth, Mr.

Sir John Ilind Cotton, Mr. Lee, Mr. Hungerford, Mr.

Colefvorlh, Colonel Drake, Sir I Cm. llobinfbn. Sir Wm. St. Quint 'in, Mr. Cholmonddcy, Mr. Cook, Mr. Lawson,

Mr. Murray, Lord Willoughby, Mr. Eversfeild, Mr. Cotton, General Stanhope, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Edgcomb, Mr. Campion, Colonel Grahm, Mr. Brijhno, Mr. lleme,

Mr. Hampden, Mr. Clark, Sir Mr.

Burgh, General Hamilton, Mr. Trcby, Mr. Medlycott, *4

Ordered, That the Bill to abolish Tryals by lingle Preventioa Combat; and to prevent the impious Practice of Duel- o{ ling, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next

Ordered, That all Committees which were to fit this Committed Afternoon be adjourned. I

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 8° die Junii;

12* Ann® Regina, 1713.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Telcur/* to naturalize Simon Defcury, Peter Ribot, Peter Laflite, and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Shackerley presented to the House, according to Norther* Order, a Bill for continuing the Acts therein mentioned for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern I

Borders of England: And also,

A Bill

?oor Relief.

12 Ann.

8° Junit.

401-

Earl of

SuJifouiy't

Eiute.

Ludlow

Writ.

Wrey’s

ElUte.

A Bill for making perpetual the Act, made in the 13 and 14 Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom; and for making perpetual the Ad, made in the Sixth Year of her present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Importation of Cochineal from any Ports in during the present

War, and Six Months longer; and for reviving a Clause in an Act, made in . Ninth and Tenth Y'ears of the Reign of the late King William, for allowing foreign Copper Bars imported to be exported:

And the same were received.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better enabling James Earl of Salifburxj, and his Trullees, to make Sale of certain Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Northampton and Dorset, and a Fee-farm Rent, for the Purposes in the Ad mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Mr. Hvngerford, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Wright fan. Sir

Jekyll, S,r Gilbert Dolbrn, Sir Geo. Mr

minique, Mr. Benda, Mr. I la fan, Mr. , Captain

Bingham, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Gape, Sir Tho. Gery, Sir Richard Vivian, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Millington, Sir Robert Mr. Mr.

Newland, Colonel Byerley. Sir Goodier, Mr.

Fitt, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Manley, Mr. Pytts, Mr Goulston, Mr. join Jon, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Wm.Wytliers, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Hart, Sir Chr. Hale, Mr. Cholm Icy, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr.

Smithfan, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Ward, Mr. Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Mr. Foley,

Mr. Robinfan, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Wind for, Mr. Halford, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Bagot, Mr.

Dr. Pajk, Colonel Drake: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, in the room of Sir Thomas Powys Knight, her Majesty’s First Serjeant at Law, now One of the Justices of her Majesty’s Court of Queen’s Bench.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell some Out-parts of the Estate of Sir Bourchier Wrey Baronet, in the County of Devon, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House and are as follow; viz.

At the End of the Dill, -add Clause A;

" Provided always, That nothing herein contained " shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void " or prejudice all or any Lease or Leases, for One, Two, " or Three, Life or Lives, or for any Number of Years " determinable upon One, Two, or Three, Life, or

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to make effectual the Eighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France is committed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, on Morn- Limiting

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^fl‘c^r*1ra House, upon the Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons.

the House.

The Order being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for establishing the Trade to Africa free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects of Great Britain, and the Plantations;

The Counsel for the Planters, who have Sugar Plantations in her Majesty's Colonies in America, were called in:

And the Bill was read the Third time:

And their Petition was also read:

And the Counsel were heard.

And then withdrew.

And the Bill was opened by Mr. Speaker.

A Motion being riiade, and the Question being put* That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f Sir Rotcrl Davcr,<

African

Trader

Tellers for the Noes,

*35-

102.

’’ £ Mr.

( Sir Chr. Hale, f Mr. Duncomb

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Title be, An Act for establishing the Trade to Africa free and open to all her Majesty’s Sub jests of Great Britain, and the Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that the " Lives, in Possession or Reversion, of all or any Part of Committee had directed him to move. That they may " the Premises hereby intended to be sold, which hath have Leave_to fit again.

Call of the House.

Supply.

Way* and Means.

Commercial Treaty *ith JF ranee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy Compounding of Fines and Poll-fines, to be levied of Lands in the Principality of Wales, is committed, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Fines on Lands in Wales.

or have been made or granted by Sir Bourchier Wrey,

" deceased. Father of the said Sir Bourchier Wrey, or by " the said Sir Bourchier, in pursuance of their respecttive Powers for that Purpose."

Ordered, That Sir Richard Vyvyan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships. 1

A Petition of the Clothiers of Nero Sarum was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That

Thousands of Families are wholly supported by the _ - .

Woollen Manufactures; and that, unless due Care be OrdThat the Bill to abol.lh Tryals by single Prevention of

taken for the Exportation thereof to Spain and Portu- 19ombLat 1 an? to prevent the impious Practice of Duel-

gal, they mull rely on the Poor Rates for Subsistence: hnS» read a Second t,me upon Morning

And praying the Exportation thereof to Spain and next*

Portugal may be promoted. Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition Pitch and

Vol. 17. ef Tar making.

4o$ 8° — c

of several Persons concerned in the making Pitch and Tar from Roch or Roof Stone, in behalf of themselves, and others, is referred, have Leave to fit. in a Morning.

Commute*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart tsy kf die;

12 Ann® Reginae, 1713.

Prayers.

(fHAliLES de Goulenne senior, Charles de junior, Peter Lajaunj, James Stample, Stephen Bar bier, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Melton A Petition of Edmund Keen Gentleman, Patron of Pari the*, the Advowsons of the Rectories and Parish Churches of

Melton St. Maries, and Melton Saints, in Great Melton, in the County of Norfolk, and Diocess of Nor-tcich, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the said Rectories, and Parish Churches, join to each other, being both in one Church-yard: That the annual Income of Melton St. Maries is about /.80, valued in the Queen’s Rooks at 6 13s. 4 and the annual Income of Melton All Saints £.40, and upwards, valued in Queen's Rooks at £.6 13s. 4 and are both but a reasonable Maintenance for a Person duly qualified: That at the desire of the Petitioner, and Consent of the Land-owners and Inhabitants of both Parishes, that they may be made One intire Parish, the said Two Parishes being small; and that the same Parochial Officers serve for said united Parish; that the Petitioner hath applied himself to the Bitliop of Norwich, in whose Diocess the Two lle6iories lie, and to the present Incumbents of said Two Parishes, to acquaint them with his, and Parishioners, Intentions, who are all confronting to the fame: That Melton All Saints is so much out of Repair, it is dangerous for the Inhabitants to (lay therein during Service: and the Inhabitants, being but few, are not able to repair the fame; and the Payments which the Rectors make out of their Income, renders the said Parishes not sufficient to maintain both Rectors: And praying a Bill may be brought in to con-solidate, and knit together, the said Parishes of Melton St. Maries and Mellon All Saints, in Great Melton, in the Diocess of the Lord Bishop of Norwich, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr .'Perrier, and Sir John Woodhouse, do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

Commercial A Petition of the Linen Weavers, Spinners, Dressers, Treaty with and others concerned in the Linen Manufactures, with-Fraiice. in the several Towns, Parishes, and Precincts, of Yeovil, IVincaunton, MilbournPort, South Pet her ton, 2ueen Camel, Cadbury, GallingtonCajtle Cary, Breivton, sington, Temple Comb, and several other

Places within the County of Somerset; and also of Shafton, Gillingham, MBoorton, Stowr, hull, and several other Places in the county of ;

and also of Meer and and several other

Tlaces in the County of Wilts', and also of -

bridge, and Ringwood, and several other Places, in the County of Southampton; in behalf of themselves, and several other Persons belonging to the said Linen Trade; was presented to the House and read: setting forth. That Thousands of Families wholly depend on the Linen Manufacture; but should the l)utyr on French Linen he lowered, as the Petitioners are informed, it will toiully ruin their Trade, and reduce them to Poverty: And praying, That such a Duty may be continued on French Linens as may enable them to carry on their Trade.

c junii. 1713.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to make effectual the Fighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce between Great Britain and France, is committed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Bo- Corrtnerri.il rough of Cirencester, in the County of con- n"lv

cerned in the Woollen Manufactory, on behalfof themselves and many Thousand others in the Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth,

That the Woollen Manufacture is the chief Employment of this Town and County, w'hereby they have been enabled to pay their Taxes during a long War; and is of great Advantage to this Nation in general; and should the Duties on French Wines be reduced 10 an Equality with those of Spain. Portugal, and it would highly prejudice the Petitioners Trade with those Couni l ies, who take off great Quantities of their Woollen Goods, in lieu of which they have great Sums of Money,

Wines, and other Commodities: And praying their same may be taken into Consideration, and the ’Woollen Manufactory encouraged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to make effectual the Eighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce between Great Britain and France, is committed.

A Petition of the Merchants trading to the Planta- Dilutions, and to Spain and Portugal, and of the Matters and Owners of Ships employed in the said Trades, in and about Whitehaven, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That if the Duties on French Growths and Manufactures be equalized with those of Spain and Portugal, the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, on which the Landed Inten d depends, mutt greatly suffer: And praying their In tore its, with the Kingdom’s, may be couiidered, by such Provisions for settling Import Duties from foreign Nations, as may encourage those Trades which are necessary lor the Support of the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the i

Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to 1

whom the Bill to make eff dual the Eighth and Ninth 1

Articles of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France, is committed.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City Dit». of Bristol was presented to ti.e House, and read; setting forth, That, since the Prohibition of Trade between England and France, the Englishare much improved in the Silk Manufacture, and the French in the Woollen; so that, in case of an open Trade, the French will supply this Kingdom with Silken and other Goods, to the Prejudice of our Home Manufactures, without taking any of ours; also import ther Wines cheaper than Spain, Portugal, or Italy, to the Destruction of ..

Trade of those Kingdoms, and Lossof Trade to the Petitioners, to their Ruin: And praying these Matters may be considered; that if Trade be opened with France, it may be on such Terms not to discourageall others.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Conmiiltee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to make effectual the Eighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce between Great Britain and France, is committed.

A Petition of several Merchants, principal Traders, Ditto. Matters, and great Numbers of Workmen, belonging to the Trade and Manufacture of Stocking-frame-work-knitting, in behalf of themselves and several 1 houfands, in the Town of Nottingham, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Discouragement to the Trade of Portugal is a great Decay to the Petitioners Trade; and ofevilCoufequeuce, by

reasonJ

Gold and Silver Manufacturer

Regimental Puy Arrears,

12 Ann.

renfon they take off great Part of their Manufactures; a Decay of which Trade will tend to the utter Ruin of Thousands of Families, who will become burthensome to the Parishes they now live in: And praying the Consideration of the House therein; and that the said Trade and Manufacture may be encouraged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to wdiom the Bill to make effectual the Eighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce between Great Britain, and France, is committed.

APetition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestrymen, of the Parish of St. Giles's, Cripplcgate, with several of the Freeholders, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Account taken last Year, there were above 6,000 Persons, &c. employed within the said Parish in the Gold and Silver Manufacture: That, since the Duty laid on Gilt and Silver Wire, an additional Assessment of Four Quarters to the 36 assessed the preceding Year, for Maintenance of their Poor, was forced to be made; notwithstanding which, they are £. 18,000 in Debt: That in the said Parish is 3,913 Houses; but, by real'on of Poverty, and uninhabited, there is not above2,6oo assessed, the Poor Rateamounting to £. 4,000 per Annum; by reason of which Burthen Persons daily remove out of the said Parish, and empty Houses increase; all which the Petitioners are ready to makeappear, when required; and should the Prohibition of foreign Gold and Silver Lace, Thread, fife, be repealed, it would ruin the said Parish: And praying the Consideration of the House; and that Encouragement may be given to the Gold and Silver Manufactures. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Colonel Richard Lieutenant

Colonel PaUJ/hr, Lieutenant Colonel Lewis Major Kemp, Officers in the Marine Service, and Richard. Be'fl/^/t' Esquire, and Margaret his Wife, Administratrix of Captain Henry Marshall, late also an Officer of the Marine Service, deceased, on behalf of themselves, and great Numbers of other Officers in the Six Regiments of Marines, and the Widows and Orphans, and other Representati ves of several of such Officers, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, the last Session of Parliament, with Major Brad/haigh, since deceased, petitioned this House against Whitfeild Esquire, late Paymaster of the Marines; setting forth, That £.6,798 ifyl.due to the Petitioners, and other Officers of Marines, for Quarter Uefpits, from 25th December 1703 to 24 June 1706; with had been re-spited out of their personal Pay so long ago as id 1708; which was, by Warrant from his Royal Highness Prince George, ordered to be discharged from being any longer respited, but to be paid to such Captains as appeared tohave Right thereto; whereby the said Refpits became Arrears of Pay and Clearings; and that, on the l'irl’t of May 1708, or shortly afterwards, the said Mr. Whitfeild had in his Hands £. 6,798 1 which ought to have paid the Refpits; but, instead, detained the same from the Petitioners, and others, who had a Right thereto, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, and Abuse and Discouragement of the Service; and praying the Consideration of the House: The said Petition was referred to a Committee; who reported to the House the Matter as it appeared to them, and Two Resolutions which they came to thereupon; which, with some Amendments, made by the House, to the Second of the said Resolutions, were on 24 May 1712, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; " Resolved, " Thai it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there " is due to the Petitioners, and several other Officers in the Six Regiments of Marines, and the legal Representatives of several of the Marine Officers, the * Sum of £.6,798 i\d. for the Refpits, from the 25th " December 1703 to 24th June 1706, out of the per* " fonal Pay of the said Officers; — Resolved, that it appears to this C ommittee, That Walter Whitfeild Vol. 17«

409

" Esquire, late Paymaster of the Marines, has£. 6,798 " 1 id. in his Hands, which he received for the Pay and " Clearings of the said Marines; which Sum he is will*

" ing to pay to the Marine Officers, in Discharge of " their laid Refpits, provided he may have sufficient Warrant for that PurposeThat the Petitioners,

30th May 1712, petitioned the Lord Treasurerfor Issue of his Warrant to the said Mr. Whitfeild, to pay said Money: That the Petitioners have obtained no Relief; and said Mr. Whitfeild is dead; but, knowing the Juf* tice of the Petitioners Demands, did in his Life deposit in the Hands of Jackson, Scrivener, and Partner, said Sum of £. 6,798 1 \d.to discharge said Refpits; and the same remains there, in Danger of being loft; the said Jackson, and Partner, refilling to pay the same

without the Lord Treasurer’s Warrant: And praying.

That Provision may be made for their Relief touching said Sum of £.6,798 i| d.Refpit-money, which wai in the Hands of Walter Whitfeild Esquire, and by him deposited in the Hands of Jackson, of London, Scrivener, or such other Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Robinson, Sir Robert Eden,

Mr. Belafyfe, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Con-

yers, Mr. Shafts, Sir Chriflo. Hale, Mr. Gale, Mr.

Eversfeild, Mr. Carnegie, Mr. Turner, Mr. JVrightJon,

Mr. Farrer, Mr. Letchmere, General Stanhope, Sir Pair.

Johnston, Mr. Ward, Colonel Morion, Lord Lyon, Captain Chapman, Mr. Cook, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Mr.

Lampion, Mr Jennings, Mr Quick, Mr.

Burslem, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Campion, Mr. Bingham, Sir Alexander Cuming, Dr. Oliphant, Mr. Johnson, Sir Cha.

Turner, Mr. Cholmondley, Mr. Erie, Mr. Pitt, Sir Geo.

Beaumont, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Freetnan, Mr. Cafar, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Duncomb, Colonel Byerley, nefey, Mr. Renda, S\r Roger Brad/haigh, Mr. Cuningham,

Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Winstanley: And they are to meet this

Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And hare Leave to fit in a Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Byde's to amend several Defeats in an Act of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Illd, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Ryd<rE(quire, an Infant, with theConfentof hisGuardians, and next Relations, to make a Contraft for the buy ing in his Mother's Jointure; and to fell a small Estate in Great Amwell, in the County of Hertford; and likewise for securing and raising a Portion for Barbara Byde Spinster,

Sifter of the said Thomas Byde; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and to enable the said Thomas

Byde to raise Monies, and to make Leases, for the Purposes in the present Act mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Freman, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Dormer and Mr. Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply BUI j for granting to her Majesty Duties upon Malt, Mum, Malt Duti*. Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1713; and for making forth Duplicates of Lottery Tickets loft, burnt, or destroyed; and for enlarging the Time for adjusting Claims in several Lottery Acts; and to punish the Counterfeiting or Forging of Lottery Orders; and for explaining a late Act in relation to Stamp Duties on customary Estates, which pass by Deed and Copy; without any Amendment. And,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Lewis Vanden Enden, without any NaU Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

§ M A Motion

90 Juniu

410

90 Juniu

A. 1713.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, be now received;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for, he} 99-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That, towards making the Duties for Goods and Merchandizes brought from France equal to the Duties payable for Goods and Merchandizes of tlielike Nature imported from any other Country it is

the Opinion of this Committee, That such and the like additional Impositionsupon several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes, which were granted by an Act of Parliament in the Fourth Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, of blessed Memory, and are continued by several Acts of Parliament since made for the Uses and Purposes therein expressed, other than the particular Rate of 25 per Centum on French Goods, and the particular Duty on every Tun of French Wines thereby imposed, be charged and chargeable, for the like Uses and Purposes, upon all such of the said Goods and Merchandizes which shall be brought from France to Great , as by

the said Acts they are charged orehargeable upon Goods and Merchandiz, s of like Nature imported from other Countries in Europe.

Resolved, That, towards making the Duties for Goods and Merchandizes brought from equal to the Duties payable for Goods and Merchandizes of the like Nature imported from any other Country in Europe, it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Rate of Twenty-five Pounds per Centum, imposed by the said Acts on French Goods, be taken off, and be no longer payable.

Resolved, That, towards making the Duties for Goods and Merchandizes brought from France equal to .‘he Duties payable for Goods and Merchandizes of the like Nature imported from any other Country in Europe, it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Four Pounds per Tun, Part of the Duty of Eight Pounds per Tun, chargeable by the said Acts on French Wines, be abated; and that Four Pounds Tun, ^Remainder of the said Duty of Eight Pounds Tun, be continued, for the Uses and Purposes expressed in the said Acts, or such of them as are now in Force.

Resolved, That, towards making the Duties for Goods and Merchandizes brought from France equal to the Duties payable for Goods and Merchandizes of the like Nature imported from other Countries in Europe, it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in all Cases where, by general Words, in any Act or Acts of Parliament, made or passed during the Prohibitions of Trade and Commerce with France in the tjme of the late Wars, or any of them, any Duties of Customs or Excise, or any other Duties whatsoever, were imposed upon any foreign Goods or Merchandizes imported into Great Britain, for any Uses or Purposes whatsoever, the like Duties shall be understood to be due and payable, and shall be charged and chargeable, for the same Uses and Purposes, upon Goods and Merchandizes of tlielike Nature which shall be brought from into Britain,

as fully as the said Goods and Merchandizes from F> mice wo: Id have been charged or chargeable with those Duties, by the general Words of the said Acts, if there had been no such Prohibition of Trade or Commerce with France at the time of granting, or continuing, such Duties respectively.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to make effectual the Eighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France, is committed; and that they do receive Clauses pursuant to the said Resolutions.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ilolford and Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act EndfeiU for repairing the Highway, or Road, from the Stoues, Roa* End, in the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the far'.hermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Endfeild, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Medlycott reported from the Committee, who Comnxrm!

were appointed, the Sixth Instant, to inquire into the Treaty Proceedings in the Year 1674, in relation to the Treaty rraac*-of Commerce then depending between England and France; and report the same to the House; and who were impowered to search the Journals of both Houses of Parliament: That, pursuant to the said Order, they, having examined into the Journals of this House, do find, That, on the 24th of February 1673, the Parliament was prorogued to the xothDay of November 1674; and from the said 10th of November 1674, the Parliament was further prorogued until the 13th Day of 1675; so that there was no Proceedings in the Year 1674; and he delivered the Report in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Report be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth. '

Teller, for the Yea, [Stuff!' } ,l6

Teller, fOTtl>e Noe, j Lcif f 2°»-

So it passed in the Negative.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Ditto, into a Committee of the whole House, on the Bill to make effectual the Eighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France.

Ordered, That the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France be referred to the said Committee, with the Act explaining the general Terms of the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France, relating to the Four Species excepted out of the Tarif of 1664; and the Act declaring the Particulars referred by the Ninth Article of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France to the Discussion of Commissioners be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Representations from the Merchants and several Corporations, of Great Britain, in relation to Trade, made to the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, while the Gertruydenburg Treaty was depending, and afterwards; and also the Petitions and Memorials that had been lately laid before the said Commissioners, relating to the Trade of this Kingdom; and what Directions and Commands they had received from her Majesty thereupon; be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Accounts from the Commissioners, of the Customs of Wines and Brandies imported, and Woollen Manufactures exported, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then

12 Ann. o°- — io" 411

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed. That there was a Difference in the Committee who should take the Chair of the Committee;

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers do take the Chair of the Committee;

Then Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill,. and Matters referred; and had heard the Levant Company upon their Petition; and had directed him to more, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill: And that the Petitioners who have not yet been heard, be then heard.

An Tvrer to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Addrefin. House, That their Addresses having been presented to her Majesty, That the would please to direfit an Estimate of the Debt to the Marine Regiments, to Lady-day Iaft, and also an Estimate of the Half Pay to be given to the Officers who have served well by Land during the late War, to be laid before this House; her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions accordingly.

Afliento Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the €«atra&. House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, the Translation of the Afliento Contrafit:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Contrafit do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The said Contrafit is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to fit this Committee*. Afternoon be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, io* dityunii\

iz* Annas Reginse, 1713.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Afil Booth'* to enable William. Boo/ZiGentleman, to fell cer- Estate tain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of ter, for Payment of the Debts of his Brother, with whom, and for which, he Hands bound; and for applying the Surplus, if any, of the Money raised for such Purpose, towards Payment of his own proper Debts; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Cholmondeley, Colonel Lee, Mr -

foil, Mr. Winstanley, Mr. Shejrpard, Mr. Mr.

Foley, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. Campion, Sir Richard -ton, Sir Geo. Newland, Mr. Medlycot, Sir Robert Eden,

Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Sir Win.

Whitlocke,' Mr. Johnson, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Bracebridge,

Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Carter, Mr. Bulteel, Mr. Forfer, Sir Chrifo. Hale, Sir Geo. Newland, Sir John Hind Cotton,

Mr Pytt, Mr. Harley, Sir Wm. Withers. Mr. Mr.

Reynell, Mr. Rozcney, Colonel Cage, Sir Davers,

Mr. Cater, Mr. Baylie, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Aldworth; and all that serve for the Counties of Chester and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Wyndham presented to the House, pur- Half Pay fuantto their Address to her Majesty for that Purpose, Estimat*. an Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay, within the Year 1713, to the Officers who have served well by Land during the late War.

The Title thereof was read.

The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Officers of the Land Forces already distbanded, ’ according to the Returns made by the Commissary General of the Musters, and the Colonels and Commanding Officers of the respefilive Regiments for One Year, from the 25th of December 1712, inch; and of other Officers, to be disbanded, for 184 Days, from the 24th of June to the 24th of December 1713.

REGIMENTS.

Lieutenant General Stanhope's.

Brigadier s.

Brigadier Withers'.

Number and Quality of the Officer*.

Colonel de s.

Vo u 17.

DRAGOONS. 3 Field Officers -

5 Captains -

8 Lieutenants ..

8 Cornets -8 Quarter-masters-

2 Staff Officers -

3 Field Officers -

5 Captains -

8 Lieutenants -

8 Cornets -

8 Quarter-mailers -

3 Staff Officers -

3 Field Officers -

4 Captains - -

6 Lieutenants 6 Cornets -

6 Quarter-mailers -1 Staff Officer -

3 Field Officers -

3 Captains -

6 Lieutenants ... 6 Cornets -6 Quarter-masters -1 Staff Officer - -

Per Dum.

£ s. d. 1 11 — 176 1 4 —

— 16 —

— 5 4

Allowance of HalfPav.

I II —

176

1 4 —

~ 16 —

— 74

1 11 —

12 —

— 18 —

— 15 —

— 12 —

— 34

1 n -

— 16 6

— 18 —

— 15 —

— -12 — --- 2 —

t- d-

6 3 10

5 to

5

4 ‘4

Per Annum. £. S de

z,2S9 l9

2,296. 9

1,849 6 8

1,724 12 6 Colonel

412

REGIMENTS.

Colonel Sarlandc's.

Sir Darnel CarrolTs.

Colonel

La Bonchetie

Colonel F

Colonel Gu,

iO° Junlu

Number and Quality of the Officer*.

Colonel D

Lieutenant General Echlyn's Two Troops.

Marquis DaJJa

,fc s

Lord Sl

Brigadier Gore's.

Major General Rook's.

Brigadier Price's.

2 Field Officers Captains

6 Lieutenants 6 Cornets

6 Quarter-masters

1 Staff Officer

3 Field Officers

2 Captains

4 Lieutenants

5 Cornets

7 Quarter-masters

3 Staff Officers

3 Field Officers

6 Captains

9 Lieutenants it Cornets 9 Quarter-masters 2 Staff Officers

2 Field Officers

4 Captains -6 Lieutenants 6 Cornets ' -

ft Quarter-masters

1 Staff Officer

2 Field Officers Captains

6 Lieutenants 6 Cornets 6 Quarter-masters

3 Staff Officers

a Field Officers

4 Captains

6 Lieutenants 6 Cornets 6 Quarter-masters

2 Lieutenants 2 Cornets 2 Quarter-masters

i Captain-, l Lieutenant l Comet

F O O T.

3 Field Officers 9 Captains -13 Lieutenants 11 Ensigns -

2 Staff Officers

3 Field Officers -9 Captains -

13 Lieutenants

I o Ensigns -

4 Staff Officers

3 Field Officers -9 Captains -13 Lieutenants

II Ensigns -

2 Staff Officers -

3 Field Officers 9 Captains -

13 Lieutenants 11 Ensigns -1 Staff Officer - -

A. 1713.

Allowance of Half Pay.

Per Diem.

£. S. dm

£ *' d.

— 18

1 2

— l8 —

— 15 -

— 12 —

— 2 —

1 11 1 1 —

— 11 12

— 12 6

— 14 —

— 7 4

1 11 —

1 13 —

m . I 7 —

I — —

— 18 —

— 5 4

18

1 2 —

— 18 —

— *5 —

— 12 2 —

_ 18 —

1 2 —

— 18 —

— »5 —

— 12 —

— 7 4

— 18 —

1 2 —

— 18 —

- - 15 12 —

- — 6 —

— 4

- — 5 3 2 6

- — 6

1 8

- - 2 5 —

- - I 10 4

- - 1 — 2

— 5 4

- 1 8 —

- - 2 5 —

- - 1 10 4

- - — 18 4

— 9 4

- - 1 8

- - 2 5 —

- - I 10 4

- - X — 2

- " 5 4

1 8

- - 1 5 —

- - 1 10 4

- I — 2

- - — 3 4

4 7"

4 7 10

6 14 4

4 7 —

4W 4

4 5 —

15 —

— 11 —

6810

6 11 —

6 8 10

ft ft 10

Per Annum.

L * d.

1,587 15 —

1,602 19 2

2,451 II S

1,587 15 —

1,685 l

i»55i 5

273 15 —

200 15 —

2,351 4 2

2,390 I5

2,35 ‘ 4 a

2,314 14 2 . Brigadier

12 Ann

4i3

1 o° Junii.

Regiments*

Brigadier Stanwix's.

Brigadier Munden'8.

Brigadier s.

Colonel

Colonel Frank's.

Sir Cha. H

Colonel Clayton's.

Late Count Nqtfa

Colonel Vezeys.

.Colonel

Vwi. 1?.

Colonel Fielding's

u's.

Colonel Jonesa. i

Numbor and Quality of the.Officers.

Allowance of Half Pay.

2 Field Officers.

9 Captains 13 Lieutenants -11 Ensigns

2 Staff Officers -

3 Field Officers 9 Captains

13 Lieutenants -

10 Ensigns

4 Staff Officers

3 Field Officers 9 Captains 13 Lieutenants -

11 Ensigns

2 Staff Officers -

3 Field Officers 9 Captains

13 Lieutenants -10 Ensigns

4 Staff Officers

3 Field Officers 9 Captains

13 Lieutenants -it Ensigns

4 Staff Officers

3 Field Officers

9 Captains

13 lieutenants -1 i Ensigns

4 Staff Officers -

3 Field Officers

8 Captains

13 Lieutenapts -1t Ensigns 3 Staff Officers -

% Field Officers

9 Captains

13 Lieutenants -10 Ensigns 3 Staff Officers -

1 Field Officer -6 Captains

10 Lieutenants -

2 Staff Officers -

3 Field Officers

9 Captains

13 Lieutenants -

11 Ensigns

% Staff Officers -

3 Field Officers 10 Captains 13 Lieutenants -

12 Ensigns

% Staff Officers -

3 field Officers 9 Captains

13 Lieutenants -

10 Enfigps

3 Staff Officers

£. s.

— 16

2 5

1 10

1 —

— 5

Per Diem.

d.

1 8

2 5 1 10

— 18

— 9

8

5

1

2

I 10 I ---

" 5

1 8

2 5

1 10

— 18

~ 9

1

2 — 1 10 1 —

— 9

8 —

4

2

4

1 8

1 5 1 10 1 —

— 9

4

a

4

1

2 — 1 10 I

— 7

8 —

2 5

1 10

— 18

— 7

— 8

1 10 1 3 — 5

4

4

8

5

1

2

1 10 1 —

— 5

1 8

2 10

1 10

1 2

" 5

_4

4 '

1 8

2 5

1 10

— 18

— 7

5 N

£. s. d.

5 16 10

6 11 —

6 8 10

6 11 —

6 7 10

6 12 ip

6 5 10

5 *7 —

3 7*

6 8 10

6 15 8

6 9-

Per Arntt mi.

2,131 4 a

2,390 15 —

2,35* 4

2,39° *5 —

2,332 19 2

1,424 4 2

2,296 9 2

2*135 5 —

1,225 *5

2,35* 4

2,475 4

*»S54 5 —

Lat»

4*4

Regiments.

Late Colonel Edward Stanhope's. '

Colonel

Stanhope's.

Sir Robert Rich's.

Lord Mark Kerr's,

Colonel Dubos.<

Colonel Kirk's.

Lieutenant General f Seymour's. (_

Major General

WiMit man's,

Earl of P

Major General Gorge's.

Lord Mark

Lord Mountjoy's.

? { , {

1

‘I

Lieutenant General Stewart's.

Late Brigadier Sutton's.

Brigadier Bowls'

Major General f mi's.

i o° Junii,

Number and Quality of the Officers.

3 Field Officers

8 Captains

Ii Lieutenants -

10 Ensigns

3 Stall'Officers -

3 Field Officers

9 Captains

13 Lieutenants

11 Ensigns

3 Staff Officers -

3 Field Officers 10 Captains

12 Lieutenants -

10 Ensigns

1 Staff Officer -

3 Field Officers

8 Captains

12 Lieutenants -

11 Ensigns

3 Field Officers

9 Captains

12 Lieutenants -

10 Ensigns

2 Staff Officers -

1 Captain

2 Ensigns

1 Captain

1 Ensign

2 Captains

8 Lieutenants

11 Ensigns

6 Captains

7 Lieutenants

2 Ensigns

1 Field Officer -

4 Captains

7 Lieutenants -

6 Ensigns

One Field Officer

5 Captains

7 Lieutenants -

3 Ensigns

1 Captain

9 Lieutenants -7 Ensigns

4 Captains

3 Lieutenants -

1 Ensign

5 Captains

5 Lieutenants -

5 Ensigns

2 Captains

4 Lieutenants -

3 Ensigns

6 Captains

4 Lieutenants -2 Ensigns

£ 1 s. 8 R i* 1

- - - r 2 — —

- - - I 5 8

- - - — 18 4

- - — 7 4

- - - I 8 —

- 2 5 —

- - - I IO 4

- m - I — 2

- - r — 6 —

- - - ' I 8 —

- - - 2 IO —

- - I 8 0

- m - — 18 4

- m - — . 3 4

- - - I 8 —

- - - 2 — —

- - - I 8 —

am - - I — 2

m . - I 8 —

- - - - 2 5 —

- - - - I 8 —

~ - - - — 18 4

- - — 5 4

- - — 5 —

- - - - — 3 8

mm - - — 5 —

- - - - — 1 IO

IO - -

m - - - — 18 8

- - r I — 2

-- - 1 IO —

- - — 16 4

- - - — 3 8

- - — . 8 6

- " - - I — —

- - - — 16 4

- - - — 11 —

_ 8 6

- - - - 1 5 —

- - - - — 16 4

- - - — 5 6

- - - - — 5 —

- - - - 1 1 —

- - - - — 12 10

- - - - 1 — —

- - - — 7 —

- - - — 1 IO

- - - - — 12 8

- m - . - — 9 2

_ m IO

- - - - — 9 4

- - - — 5 6

- - - - I IO —

- - - — 9 4

' 3 8

A. 1713.

Allowance of Half Pay.

5 *9 4

9 6

7 8

5 16 2

4 8

5 8

6 10

8 10 10 —

2 15 10

2 15 4

1 18 10

8 10

6 10

4 10

3 —

Per Annum.

£. s. d.

2,177 16 8

2*363 7 6

2,329 18 4

2,120 — 10

2,275 3 4

t58 3 4

124 14 z

891 42

912 10 —

1,018 19 z

1,009 16 8

708 14 4

526 4 2

854 14 2

453 4

784 . 15 — Colonel

i a Ann.

Regiments.

Colonel Disney's, late Ijla's.

Colonel Ha

polonel de

Dragoons.

i o° Junii.

Number and Quality of the Officers.

4*5

Colonel Sarlande's.

Sir Daniel

Colonel La Bouche

1

Brigadier Withers'.

Bri

fl {

"I

igadier Vezey's 1 Foot. j

Colonel Foiffac's.

Colonel G

Colonel Dejbordes',

Earl of Barrymore's,

Brigadier

id Regiment of Guards Brigadier Bretons - -

Earl of Hartford’s Major General Newton's

z Ehsigns

i Captain

6 Captains 5 Lieutenants

4 Cornets

5 Captains

3 Lieutenants 3 Cornets

i Captain i Lieutenant

i Captain

3 Captains

5 Lieutenants

6 Cornets

4 Captains

4 Lieutenants

3 Cornets

i Captain

4 Lieutenants 6 Cornets

3 Captains 3 Lieutenants 3 Cornets

z Captains 3 Lieutenants 3 Ensigns

i Captain i Lieutenant

1 Ensign

2 Captains

2 Lieutenants 2 Ensigns

Allowance of Half Pay.

Per Diem.

s. d.

3 8

— 5

i 13 —

— i5 —

— io —

7 6 9 — 7 6

5 6 3 —

" 5 6

— 16 6 ~ *5 —

— '5 —

I 2 -- 12

— 7

.1

- 5

--- 12 -

— J5

— i 6 6

= n

— IO -

— 7 —

— 5 6

— 5 —

— 24

— 1 10

— 10 —

— 4 8

— 3

8

2 Ensigns ——

1 Captain ——

1 Ensign - - - - -'

t Ensign ——

To feve*al other Officers, to whom her Majesty has been graciously pleased to allow Half Pay, in Consideration of their long and faithful Services in the Army, by her tfpecial Warrants in that behalf, for the Reasons therein assignfed, amounting to ....

To Officers left with Detachments of several Regiments at Annapolis Bay a I, Placentia, and New York, supernumerary to the Companies now established; who are to be provided for as Vacancies happen in the said Companies and in the mean time to serve on Half Pay; viz. £. s. d.

8 Captains. - 3 — —

37 Lieutenants - -- 464

9 Ensigns - - - — 166

Other Officers who are ordered to be disbanded, with the Charge of their Half Pay for 184 Days, from 24 June to 24 December 1713;

£. s. d. - 3 8 — 5 —

2 18 — 340

8

5

6

6

18 Field Officers 98 Captains 122 Lieutenants 110 Ensigns 27 Staff Officers

Vol. 17.

Total for the Year 1713* £ IV. Wyndham.

1 12 6

1 is —

— 9 a

— 18 4

— ’ 5

— 5 —

— 1 10

— 1 10

Per Annum.

£. s. d.

66 18 4 9* 5 —

1,058 10 — 803 ——

*55

100

2 6 7 6

6 6 848 is 6

757 7 6

593

602 5

12 6 41° 6

167 5 io>

334 11 8

106 9 2

91

33

33

5

9

9

2

2

13 14 9 5.o*4 3 9

3 IO I 4,6o6 14 2

87,923 l8 II for i«+ Days.

d.

11,104 8 — 99,028 611

Ordered,

Harrington’s

Eitute.

Kortbfrn

Borders.

Royal A (Tent to Bills.

416 10° Junii A. 1713.

Ordered, That’ the said Eft i mate be referred to the Corfsideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to conftler farther of the Supply granted to Her Majesty.

Atiingrofied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Harrington Esquire, and Dorothy his Wife, and Charles Harrington Gentleman, his Son, and Heir apparent of the said John Harrington, to fell the Reversion of several Messuages and Teuements in -pool, in the County of Lancaster, being the Inheritance

of the said Dorothy, for Payment of their Debts; and settling an Equivalent upon the said Dorothy; was read the First time.

Ilcfolved, Thait the Bill be read ai Second time.

A Bill for continuing the Acts therein mentioned for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of 'England, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

1

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Oldes, Gentleman Ufiler of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of hef Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, tk> hear the Commission react

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, frith the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That he, with the House, had Been up at-the House of Peeri; and heard the Commission read; which was for declaring, and notifying, in her Majesty’s Absence, the Royal Assent to several publick and private Bills; and that the Royal Assent was, accordingly, declared and notified by the Lord Chancellor, the Duke of Ormoand Lora Steward of her Majesty’s Houshold, to the publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to her Majesty Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1713; and for making forth Duplicates of Lottery Tickets loft; burnt, or destroyed; and for enlarging the Time for adjbfting Claims in several Lottery Acts; and to puniili the Counterfeiting or Forging of Lottery Orders; and for explaining a late Act in relation to Stamp Duties oil customary Estates, which pass by Deed and Copy:

An Act to revive and continue the Act for taking, examining, and Hating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and hlfo to continue the Act for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to thfe Army, Transport Service* and Sick and Wounded:

An Act for making Inclosures of some Part of the Common Grounds in the West Riding of the County of York, for the endowing poor Vicarages and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Klinilters:

An Act for repairing the Highways, or Road, from the Stones End, in the Parish of St. Leonard's, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the farthermost Part of the Northern ltoad, in the Parish of Endfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford:

An Act for confirming several Grants in Fee farm, ipade by Henry Earl of Thomoncl, by virtue of, or since, Ihe passing a former Act of Parliament; and for giving some Ease and Relief to the Purchasers under, or since, the said former Act:

An Act for d.iveiling the Crown of the Remainder, jn Fee-simple, of and in the Manor and Advowson of Stourton, in the County of Wilts, and several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the same Manor belonging, expedant on certain Estates Tail; and for vetting the same in dertain other Persons therein named, to the Intent the l'dme may be barred by proper Methods in Law* for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for confirming Articles, and veiling the Manor of Kirby Underiooood, in the County

and other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, thereby agreed to be sold, in Trustees, for discharging the Debts of Sir John Broivnlozo Baronet, deceased, and his Daughters Portions; and other Purposes in the said-Articles mentioned:

An Act for making the Chapelry of , in thq

County of Durham,a distinct Parish:

An Act for the Exchange of the Parsonage-house iq. Charlton, in Kent, and Close thereunto adjoining, in lieu of another House and Lands there:

An Act to enable Trustees to fell some Out-parts of the Estate of Sir Bourchier Wrey Baronet, in the County of Devon, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act; to enable Wm. Harvey the elder, Esquire, and Wm. Harvey Esquire, his Son, to settle a Jointure, and grant a Lease, and for veiling" the Inheritance, after a Term of Five hundred Years, of Lands, in Suffolk, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Portions for his Daughters:

An Act for naturalizing Lewis Vanden Enden.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for Regulating the better regulating the Forces to be continued in her Land Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters: And that Sir William

Wyndham, the Earl of Hertford, and Mr. Annesley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order being read, for the House to relblve itself Commtrnd into a Committee, to consider farther of the Bill to make Treaty w.ti effectual the Eighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty rance‘ of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France:

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the ancient Borough of Wilton, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Numbers of Persons are wholly supported by the Woollen Manufadnrics, which otherwise mull rely on the Poor Rates for Subsistence: And praying, That care may be taken for the Exportation thereof to Spain and Portugal.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to make effectual the Eighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France, is committed.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee,

That they had made a farther Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had heard the Spanifk, Italian, and Portugal Merchants, and the Weavers of London, upon their Petitions; and that the Committee had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider farther of the said Bill: And that the Petitioners, who have not yet been heard, be then heard.

Ordered, That the Minutes of the Levant. Company, of a Court held the Eight-and-twentieth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen, relating to their Petition to this House, he laid before this IIouTe.

Ordered, That the Memorial of Robert pre-

fented to the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That all Memorials, Petitions, Representations, Schemes of Trade, and Papers relating thereto, that are before the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations concerning the Trade of England and France, between the Years 1664 and 1676; and also the Representation presented to the late King, by the said Lords Commissioners, in the Year , 1697, in relation to the Commerce with France-, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House the Scheme of Trade between 19 England,

12 Ann. io6 — >-i i* Junii.

S apply.

Melton

P&riibes*

Bebecca and tifccilia Ships.

Const able's Estate.

Barnn de

AValePs

Arrears.

England and France, as entered in the Custom-house Books, in the Year 1674.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House the Schemes and Computations they have in their Office of the Trade between England and France, from Michaelmas 1668 to 1669.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther, of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, ii° die Junii;

1 a* Annae Regina?, 1713.

Pa Avos a s.

MR. Ferrier presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for uniting and consolidating the Rectories, Advowsons, and Parishes, of Melton St, Maries, and Mellon All Saints, in the Diocese of,

in the County of Norfolk: And the Bill was received; and read the Firli time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Aid:earth presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for making the Ship Rebecca, and Cecilia Gaily, Two Prize Ships taken in the late War, free to import their Cargoes into any Part of Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas . } so.

Tellers for the Noes|^; } 6*'

So it passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lord*, intituled, An Act for Sale of several Lands and Tenements of John fable Gentleman, in the County of Surrey, for Payment of his Debts: and for settling other Lands, in the same County, of a better Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof; was read the Firli time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Oglethorp reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of Major General Henry dc Cort, Baron de Wales, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee having taken into Consideration the Petition of the Baron de Waif, and examined the Allegations therein contained, do find, That the Petitioner had the Honour to serve her Majesty as Colonel of a Regiment of Dragoons; and that he had a Commission, signed by the Duke of Marlborough, dated the First of January 170F, appointing the Petitioner a Brigadier General; and served two Years as such:

That by another Commission, under the Hands and Seals of the Earl of Orery, and Monsieur dated the First of January 1710, he was made a Major General; and served Two Years and Four Months, in that Quality.

That it appeared, by a Certificate signed byhisGrace the Duke of Ormond, That, in July 1712, when his Grace had received her Majesty’s Orders to separate her Troops, and those in her Majesty’s Pay, from such of the Allies as should refuse to agree to a Cessation of Arms with France; his Grace sent Orders to the Baron de Wales to be ready to join the Queen’s Troops, and march with the Regiment of Dragoons under his Com-Vol. 17.

liiand, when he should be required so to do i which Or* der the Petitioner readily obeyed: For which his Grace, together with the Earl of Strafford, according to the Instructions his Grace had received from the Secretary of State, did promise the Petitioner should be paid what should appear to be due to him from the Crown of Great Britain; and, as the Petitioner was appre-hensive he should, by following the Duke of Ormond's Orders, lose his Extraordinaries, which was by Agreement to be paid him by the States General, the said Duke promised the Petitioner further to use his Endeavours, that Reparation should he made the Petitioner for the Loss he should sustain by the Discharge of his Duty: The Petitioner obeying his Grace’s Orders, (he Deputies of the States General discharged the Petitioner from being Major General and stopped the Pay of his Extraordinaries:

That it also appeared, by a Certificate from the Pay Office, dated the 20th of May 1713, signed by Mr. William Sloper, That no Allowance had been made to

the Baron Wales, as General Officer, upon any Establishment in that Office; and that no Monies had been paid him from that Office, as such;

That the Petitioner, the Baron de did allege,

That, by his faithful Service to her Majesty, seeing himself deprived of all Hopes of ever being employed by the said Allies, he thought himself obliged to avoid their Resentment, and to seek for Refuge in England.

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon Table.

The Resolution of the nth of December, in the Petition* Fifth Year of the Queen, being read; viz. relating to

" Resolved, That this House will receive no Petition Money.

" for any Sum of Money relating to Publick Service,

" but what is recommended from the Crown ;"

Ordered, That the said Resolution be declared to be a Standing Order of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Commercial a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of £reaty wut the Bill to make effectual the Eighth and Ninth Articles "anc#* of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee,

That they had made a farther Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had heard the Makers of Brandy and Vinegar in and about the Cities of London and We/tminfer , and the Company of Silk Throwers of London; and the Company of Gold and Silver Wire Drawers, Lowc/om; upon their Petitions; and that noother Petitioners appeared, or attended to be heard; but the Committee had read all the other Petitions referred to the Committee; and the Accounts of Wines and Brandies imported; and of the Woollen Manufa6hires exported; referred to the Consideration of the Committee; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report of the Commissioners ap- Forces in pointed to inquire into the Number and Quality of the Ac. Forces in her Majesty’s Pay, in Spain and Portugal-, and to examine the State of the Payments and Accounts relating to the said Forces, and to the Garisons and Fortifications of Gibraltar and Port: and also

the Accounts of the Agent Vietualers, and Commilfa-ries of Stores, in those Parts; be taken into consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tucflay Morn- Pritish ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration that Part of her Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses, at the opening this Session of Parliament, which relates to the improving and encouraging the Fiftiery.

5 O Ordered,

Prevention of Duelling.

Limiting Officers in the House.

418

Ordered, That the Bill to abolish Tryals by Tingle Combat; and to prevent the impious Practice of Duelling; be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliament, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons.

Mr. Auditor Harley presented to the House, pursuant

.1713.

to their Address to her Majesty, an Account shewing how much of the Thirty-five millions Three hundred and Two thousand One hundred and Seven' Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence, granted for the Publick Service, to Christmas 1710; as likewise of the Supplies granted since Christmas 1710; have been accounted for: And,

The Auditor’s Report touching the Earl of lagh's Debt:

And the Titles thereof were read.

The said Account and Report are as follow;

Ax ACCOUNT shewing how much of the Sum of Thirty-five millions Three hundred and two thousand One hundred and Seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence [of the Mone}r granted by Parliament, and ifl’ued for the Publick Service, to Christmas 1710, which appeared to remain unaccounted for in the

former Sessions of Parliament, has been since accounted for; and what Obstructions have arisen in accounting for the Remaidder of the same; viz.

Accounts parted.

By the Treasurer Lord Falkland's Executors, in an Account of the Navy for a Year £. s. d. of the Navy. ended at Christmas 1685 - -- -- - 3x8,522 18 1

The laid Lord Falkland’s Executors, in their Account for a Year and a Quarter to Lady-day 1687 - ----- - 506,77 6 19 4}

The said Executors, in their Account for a Year to Lady-day 1688 - 383,593 15 — {

Sir Tho. Littleton, in an Account of the Navy, for a Year to Christmas

,7°3 - - 1,801,700 11 5*

Sir Tho. Littleton's Executors, in their Account for a Year to the 31st

of December 1704 ..... 1,833,056 5 if

The laid Executors, in their Account for a Year to the 31 ft of December 1705 ... - - - 1,671,848 19 4I

The faitl Executors, in their Account to the 31st of December 1706 - 2,134,257 1 4

Paymaster of Late Earl of Ranelagh, in his Aecount of Chelsea Hospital for Seven

the Army. Years to the 31st of March 1699 - - - 127,034 — 11 f-

Mr. Brydgeshis Account, for a Year to Christmas 1706, for the Forces in Flanders, Spain, ond Portugal - 2,418,911 10 5

Marines. Walter WhilfeildEli pi ire, in his Account for two Years to Christmas

1707: 245,675 17 2

Transport Captain Samuel Alkinson, and others, late Commissioners, in their Ac-

Service. count of the whole Service in Ireland, and of that in Flanders, to the

End of 1692; commencing from February 1689, and extending to the

3ill of May 1702..... 577.051 15 5.

Mr. Ma/bn, in an Account (or the Transport Service, for a Year to the

12th of January 1706 95,082 16 11

Thomas Mickietlacayte Efpiire, Treasurer, in his Account from April 1708 to Michaelmas 1709 ----- --- 247,767 16 6f

The said Mr. Mickldkivaytc, in an Account for a Year to Michaelmas

1710.....- 282,101 — 3

The said Mr. Micklethwayfe, for a Year to Michaelmas 1711, appears to have paid out of the Money issued to him for the Transport Service,

to Christmas 1710 - - - -. 35,994 19 1

Treasurer of Sick Captain Thomas Savery, in his Account for Sick and Wounded Sea-and Wounded. men, 8fe. for a Year to Christmas 1707 - - - - 67,435 8 — r

The said Captain Tko. Savery, in his Account for a Year to the lad of JW1708 - - -.....31,366 5 io£

Sum Total accounted for - - £.12,778,178 — 5*

As to the Ghftmftions that have arisen in accounting for the Remainder of the said £.35,000,000, for which the following Persons are accountable before the Auditors; they humbly certify this House, That Mr. Brydges'sAccounts of the Forces for the Year 1706 have Iain long undeclared; the Privy Seals that were directed to be prepared being but lately parted; since which, hisAccounts for that Year have been declared; and those of the Year 1 707 are adjusted for Declaration: whereby it appears, that the Allowances to be made thereby, to the Accountant, will amount to the Sum of £. 1,350,960 6r. 11d.: his Accounts for the Forces in Flanders are delivered in to Christmas 1 709; and States are prepared of the Payments, lor which Privy Sea's arc necessary, iu order to 1 lie passing his Accounts to that time:

The Privy S al for granting I'everal Allowances to the Earl oT Rauelagh, towards the Discharge of his balance <,}'£..<,900,000 Handing upon him at the Foot of his Lift Account declared, was passed the 19th Day of December lull; the Allowances to be made thereby to the said Kail’s Admiuiliratrix do amount to £.3,856,248 1 or nd.

The Executrix of Sir 777 0. late Treasurer of

the Navy, has delivered in her Account to 1707, which

is ready for Declaration; and that lor 1708, which is preparing; whereby they appear tohavepaid, by Ordef of the NavyBoard,£jfc the Sumof£.3,573,154 19s. nfr/.

Mr. Walpole has also delivered in his Leiger Account, for the Year 1710; which has been drawn, and ingrolif-ed, many Months; but cannot be perfected for want of the voluntary Charge; but, upon examining his Payments, they appear to amount to the Sum of £.1,684,787 12s. icl.

Samuel Alkinson and Nicholas Roope Esquires, late Commissioners for Traimportation, have delivered, in their final Accounts of Moih y received during the present War; wherein they demand I’everal Allowances in Ditch urge of the Sum of £.50,90o which remained to he accounted for the hill Session of Parliament; which is under Examination: 1 hey have also an Account of the late War in Flanders, from the Year 1692, amounting to £.358,124 17^. 5d.\ the Cadi Part of which, to wit. Receipts and Payments of Money, is made up, and ready to be laid before the Lord Treasurer; but, the Account of Stores being lately delivered, the same flops till that is adjusted.

Walter Whilfeild Esquire, late Paymaster of the Marines, has delivered in his Account for.a Year to

Christmas

Pu Mick M*ncv accounted for.

12 Ann. i i* — -12° Junii.

4»9

Christmas 1708, which is under Examination, and is preparing for Declaration; whereby it appears. That of the Money imprested to him, to 1710, he

is therein to be allowed the Sum of /. 139,224 7

The Lord Falkland's Executors are now on their final Account of the Nary and Vi&ualing, which is almost ready for Declaration; and their Payments thereupon appear to amount to the Sum of £.573,389 6i</.

Captain Thomas Savery, Treasurer for Sick and "Wounded, upon his Accounts for the Year 1709 and 1710, which arealfopreparing for Declaration, appears to have paid several Sums of Money, amounting to the Sum of/.139,65s it*, dgtf.

Mr. Charles Mason, late Treasurer for Transports, Upon his Account for a Year to the 18th of 1707, appears to have paid, upon Orders from the late Commissioners for Transportation, for which the Commissioners have exhibited their Account of Stores, the Sum of/. 111,709 i8r. 3

The several Sums for which Accounts are foadjufied, do amount to the Sum of/.i 1,846,258 gs. 544.;

Which, with the Sum of/.12,778,17s os. 5f cl.for which Accounts are

actually passed, do, in the Whole, /. d.

amount to the Sum of - - - 24,624,436 9 ii-J,

Astowhat appears accounted for before the Auditors of the Impresss, of the Supplies granted by Parliament, since Christmas 1710; the said Auditor does humbly

certify,

That Robert Walpole and Charles C.r/i/rl'l'quire, fuccetiively Treasurers of the Navy, have delivered in their Accounts for the Year 1711; whereby it appears that their Payments, ligned and allowed by the Commissioners of the Navy, within that Year, do amount to the Sum of /.795,361 as. lc c!.;viz. by Robert Walpole Esquire,/-46i,572 14.*. and by Charles Cajar Esquire, /. s, d. /.333,78s 8^. 4d.; in both - - 795,561 2 10

That Tho. Mickletlncaytc Esquire, upon his Account, declared and passed for a Year ended at Michaelmas 1711, has accounted for Money jffued to him, since Christmas 1710, amounting to the Sum of -And upon his Account now ready for Declaration, being for One Year, ended at Michaelmas 1712, he has accounted for the Sum of -That Bernard Hutchins Esquire,

Paymaster of the Million and Half Lottery, Anno 1711, did, some few Days since, deliver into my Office an Account of his Receipts and Payments between the 30th of

1712 and the 4th of Apri lull;

whereby it appears, that there has been paid by him, within that time, the Sum of -

And that Thomas Savery Esquire, late Treasurer of lick and wounded Seamen, and Prisoners at War, upon his Account for One Year ended at Midsummer One thousand Seven hundred and Eleven, has accounted for the Sum of -

Amounting, iu all, to the Sum of /. 1,218,615 6 7

11,266 8 4$

184,015 — 2

180,498 12 10

47»474 a 5i

No other Accounts of the Supplies granted by Parliament, tince Christmas 1710, are before the Auditors

of the Imprefts.

Ex. 9th June 1713.

E. Harley.

F. BythelL

Vol. 17.

To the honourable the Commons o Britain in Parliament affi-mbled.

Tn Obedience to an Order of this honourable House, dated the 6th Instaut, the Auditor of the Imprefts does humbly certify, That at the Foot of the Earl of Rane-laglis last Account that has been passed, which was for a Year to Christmas c 701, the said Ear! appeared indebted to the Crown the Sum of Four millions Nine hunched One thousand Seven hundred Fourteen Pounds Eighteen Shillings and a Halfpeny and One-eighth of a Peny; which Sum will be carried over, and charged to his final Account, which begins from that time; wherein such Allowances will be made to his Administratrix as ffie shall be entitled to by virtue of a Privy Seal lately passed; wherein Provision is made for several Sums, amounting, in the Whole, to Three millions Fight hundred Fifty-six thousand Two hundred Forty-eight Pounds Ten Shillings and Eleven Pence Three Far* things; which will reduce the said Balance to the Sum of One million Forty-live thousand Four hundred Sixty-six Pounds Eight Shillings and Seven-eighth Parts of a Peny:

The said Earl's Administratrix is also to be charged, on the final Account, with the several Sums that were received by the said Earl out of the Exchequer, and otherwise, since Christmas 1701, amounting to the Sum of £.1,358,889 1 2s.3* dwhich being added to the

aforesaid Sum of Z.4,901,714 18& o\d. the whole Sura then to be accounted for, on his final Account, will amount to the Sum of/.6,260,604 to.r. 4 A State of which Account, with the great Defeat of regular Vouchers therein, was formerly laid before this honourable House.

E. Harley.

Ordered, That the said Account and Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 120 die Junii \ 12* Annoe Reginse, 1713.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that the Secretary of Commercial the Levant Company attended; ^ea^wish

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the 1 ruuce* House Minutes of a General Court of the Levant Conn pany the 28th of May 1713.

And then withdrew.

And the Minutes were read.

The Minutes are as follow; viz.

A General Court at' Pewlerers-hall, Thursday, the 28 th May, 171c.

The P roceedings of the last General Court were read, and confirmed.

Refolted, Nomine contradicente. That it is the Opinion of this Court, That the Importing of Goods and Merchandizes into France, of the Product of Turky, on the Tariff of 1664, is a great Advantage to this Company, and tends to the Increase of their Trade.

The Question being put. That this Court do now adjourn;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question was put. Whether it is the Opinion of this Court, That a sufficient Provision is made, by the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce with for the free Importation of all Turky Goods into all Parts of France, according to the Tariff of 1664;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That an humble Application be made to tlje Parliament of Great Britain, by this Company, to take such care as to th.em shall ieem meet, for the

Encouragement

Grefkan/i

Estate.

Parry's

Kama,

Naval

btoras.

Commercial Treaty with Frauct.

420

12* Junii. 3.

Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures here in Great Britain; and to assure the Exportation of all Goods from Turky and Great , to all Ports of

France, according to the Tariff of 1664: And it is referred to the Officers, and Court of Assistants, with Mr. William Faxokner, or any Seven of them, to manage this

Affair accordingly.

Mich. Carbonnel, Gerard.

Secretary. Deputy Governor.

Ordered, That the said Minutes do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An Ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Sir Charles Gresham Baronet to raise the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, and Interest, and Maintenance, for Elizabeth the Daughter of his Brolher, Sir Edward Gresham Baronet, deceased; and to make Provision for hisyoungerChildren; was read a Second time.

Rej'olved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gto. land, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Hart, Mr.

Mr. Neioland, Mr. Herbert, Mr. , Mr. Serjeant

RichardJ'on, Mr. Corranee, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. John Cafs, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Child, Mr. Oglethorpe, Dr. Pajk, Mr. Murray, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mr.

Shippen, Mr. Finch, Mr. DunMr. Colonel

Cage, Lord Harley, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Elford, Sir Farington, Mr. Wil/bn, Co)oi\elKing, Mr. Shepheard, Mr.

Pocklington, Mr Hopkins, Sir Richard Onjlow, Mr.

Jloio, Mr. Cotesworth, Sir Tlio. Gtry, Sir Vincent,

Mr. Champion, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Gale, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Bellafyfe-, and all that serve for the Counties of

Surrey and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Symes Parry to change his Name of Parry

to Symes, according to the Will of John Symes Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo. Neuland, Sir Geffery Palmer, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Tho. Powell, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Moor, Mr. Conyers, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. , Mr.

Ward, Mr. Shaftoe, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Kynaston, Colonel Cage, Dr. Pajk, Mr. , Sir Fra. Vincent,

Sir Tho. Travell, Sir JuJft. JjhaSir Robert Eden, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Shippen, Mr.

Mr. Halsey, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Crosse, Mr.

Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Smith, Mr. Earl, Colonel King, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Serjeant Comyns, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Serjeant Richardson, Mr. Bingham, Mr. Lampton, Mr. Renda, Mr. New land, Mr. CtfJ’ar, Mr. Gape, Mr. Goulflon, Mr. Medlycot: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Adjourned till the 17th, at Five a Clock, Afternoon.

A Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from North America-, and for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to that Part of Great Britain called England-, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Borough of Plymouth in the County of Devon, and of the Clothiers, Weavers, and others concerned in the working up the Woollen Manufactures, living in Plymouth aforesaid, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Towns, and Parts adjacent, have reaped great Advantages by the vast Quantities of Woollen Manufactures which are yearly ffiipped off for Portugal-, which, if discouraged, will be a great Detriment to all concerned therein, ai\d 16

greatly increase the Poor: And praying the Trade between Great Britain and Portugal may be encouraged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to make effectual the Eighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France, is committed.

A Petition of Sir John Lambert Baronet, Samuel French Shepheard, and the Executors of the late Janies " "lf*.

David, was presented to the House, and read; setting c"ptu forth. That the Petitioners, in Augttjl 1708, bought of Henry Bray and John Bcxvden 23 Tuns, 1 Qr. of French Wines, at Penryne, taken by the Success Privateer of Guernsey, and condemned in the Court of Admiralty: That the Petitioners had Bills drawn on them by Peter Hill, their Agent, at Falmouth, to the Value of 1,050, payable to Receiver General of the Customs for the Duties of said Wines; whereof 20 Tuns, 3 Ilogf-heads, were ffiipped on board the Nero TopOi am, William Daire, Mailer, who failed from Falmouth, bound foi ^London, in October following, under Convoy of the

Dover and Sunderland-, but was taken by a French Privateer off of Beachy Head, in the Sight of the Sunderland, and carried into Calais-, where the Vessel and Wines were sold by the Privateer: That the Petitioners have applied to the Lord Treasurer of Great Britain, and been referred to the Commissioners of Customs:

That, the Duties being appropriated by Parliament, and the Law not providing for such Accidents, it was not in his Power to give them Relief; whereupon his Lordship ordered Prosecution against the Petitioners on the Bills of Exchange might be Hayed; whereby they might apply to Parliament for Relief: That by Act of Parliament, the Exporters of any Merchandize, for which the Duties have been paid, upon Proof the same were loft at Sea, or taken by the Enemy, are allowed to ftiip off the like Quantity, Custom-free; and the Petitioners conceive their same to be within the Equity of that Law: And praying, upon Payment of said Bills, they may be admitted to import as many French Wines,

Custom-free, as will amount to the Duties of those taken by the French.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to thcCoti-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Geo. Neuland, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Shepheard, Mr.

Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Pocklington, Sir John Cafs,

Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Pill, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Pytts,

Sir Wm. Whitlucke, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Bromley, Sir Fra. Vincent, Dr. Pajk, Sir Geo. Mathews, Mr. Wards.

Sir John Hind Colton, Mr. Hopkyns, Sir Tho.

Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Por/man, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Chol-mondley, Mr. Sheppard, Sir Robert Marsham, Mr. Mead,

Mr. Vincent, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Colton, Mr. Heysham,

Mr. Hungerford, Colonel Lee, Sir John Waters, Mr.

Bertie, Sir Tho. Hardey, Si r James Bateman, Sir Richard

Farrington, Sir JofMartin, Mr. Mr. Herne,

Mr. Harnage, Mr. Gould, Mr. Brijloxo: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’*

Chamber.

The Lord Lumley reported from the Committee, to pi(ch and whom the Petition of the several Persons concerned in Tar mAm* the Making of Pitch and Tar from Roch or Roof Stone was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Petitioners, to prove the Allegations of

their Petition, called,

Mr. Robert Sand ford and Air. T Who

both said. That the said Pitch and Tar was made from a certain Stone, arising and growing in the Kingdom of Great Britain, called or known by the Name of Roch or Roof Stone; and that it hath cost the Proprietors, 1

within

i2 Ann.

421

within the Space of 20 Years, in bringing this great Undertaking to Perfection, near the Sum of Eight thousand Pounds:

And Mr. Sam!ford further said. That the Pitch

and Tar is much better than the foreign; he, having tifed of both Sorts, does find, that the Pitch far

exceeds the other in Duration; and, particularly, instances his using it upon a Ship of his own, Part being payed or pitched with the foreign Pitch, and the other Part with English Pitch, which he sent on a Voyage to Mount Sarrat, in the West Indies: and, at the Return of the said Ship to the Port of , it appeared, that

the foreign Pitch was consumed to Dirt; buttheEfl^-lish Pitch had so penetrated the Plank, that when the said Ship came to be breamed with Fire, in order to be r fitted, that it came out again with the Heat of the Fire: And the said Veil’d being a Second time payed, one Part with English Pitch, and the other with foreign, did proceed a Second Voyage to and, on her Return again to the Port of and being

hauled ashore to be refitted, the foreign Pitch was again turned to Dirt; and the Worm had bit her very much where the foreign Pitch lay; but the Pitch lay

fmoorh and firm, and little or no Worm at all had touched the Plank; and that it is also very useful, and exceeds the foreign, in pitching and tarring Weatherboards and Timber-boards, behaving often experienced it.

Mr. Wheeler said, He has been a Ship-carpenter about 40 Years, and of late Years hath used the English Pitch and Tar as well as the foreign; but finds the English to be more durable for preserving and keeping the Plunk, and far exceeds the foreign; and it is the bell that he ever used in his Life.

Mr. Jfauc Bennet, Purveyor to her Majesty’s Office of Ordnance, said, He had madeufe of the English Pitch for about two Years, on the Bottom, Sides, and Decks, of a Vessel, about 40 Tons; which has been employed in the River TIuimes and Midway-, and finds it keeps cleaner and longer than the foreign Pitch; and is allured, That if it be used upon a new Vell'el, before any other Pitch be laid on, being of an oily Substance, it will mightily preserve the Plank.

Mr. Peter Delamoll said, That he had, for 12 Years pall, very often used the English Stone Pitch, and have found it far exceed the foreign Pitch, by keeping Ships Bottoms clean and free from the Worm longer than any yet found out; being of a very imbibing Nature, and will not break and scale off, as foreign Pitch will do, if not mixed with Oil or Tar to soften it; but the,

without Mixture, fucks into the Plank, more than any other, and will continue clean, as well as fall, on the Ship’s Bottom, a whole West India Voyage, as he has often

experienced, by seeing it laid on himself, particularly on his Ships the Stowagel’rigot, the Hermitage, the London

Gaily, and the Be/Jy Brigantine; The two lad of which have used the said Trade Three or Four Years without sheathing, and very little worm-eaten; though fume Worms huck on the Outfideof the Pitch, but did not bite through; t he Be/Jy Brigantine went from London in 1712, payed with the said English Pitch, and lay Nine Months in Antcgoa, where the Worm eats mofl; and is now come home, the last Month, clean, and not eaten, except where the Bill of the Anchor scratched off a little of the Pitch from her bottom; her Anchor-stocks, which lay in the W ater, were notdone with it, being quite spoil-e<l by the Worm eating them, as may be now seen on board her in the River Thames: The first Experiment he made with it was on two Lime Hoys, one done with English, and the other with foreign; the English was clean at the Year’s End, but the foreign dirty and rotten: He further said. That he had a Shed, and Weather-boarding, done with the said English Pitch 15 or 16 Years since; and is Rill black, clean, and the Boards preferred from rotting, by the oily Part soaking into them.

That the said Pitch and Tar so made has been for many Years lall palt tried and experienced in many Parts of Ureal Britain, appeared to the Committee by Certi-

VOL. 17.

ficates under the Hands of several Merchants and others who have used the said Pitch and Tar, and likewise the foreign Pitch: and have found by Experience, that the English has been more lading than the foreign.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Th'rd and Fourth Years of the Reign of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from North America; and for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to that Part of Great Britain called England-, is committed: And that they have Power to receive a Clause lor the Encouragement of the said Manufacture.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition Regimental of Colonel Richard Cobham, and others, is referred, do Arrears* report their Opinion upon the Matter to them referred.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House, resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received on Monday Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Committee bedischarged from the Consideration of the Report upon the Petition of William Smith senior, and others, Manufacturers of Sailcloth in Great Britain; and also of the Report upon the Petition of several Planters, Inhabitants, and Merchants, trading to the Island of Jamaica: And that the said Reports be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill to abolish Tryals by single Prevention Combat; and to prevent the impious Practice of Duel- of Duelling, ling; be read a Second time Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 13* die Junii;

12* Annae Reginae, 1713.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Defcury’s, to naturalize Simon Defcury, Peter Ribot, Peter &c* Nat* Laffile, and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Nezolund, Mr. Shachcrley, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. -bridge, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Christo.

Hale, Mr. Thompson, Mr. WilfonAir. Onjlozv, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Dyott, Sir Richard Hoar, Sir James Rate-man, Lord Cajllecomber, Mr. RoAir. Nezolund, Mr. Baldzcyn, Mr. Ferricr, Mr. Smith, Mr. Ccefar, Mr.

Foley, Sir TI10. Hardy, Sir Richard Onslow, AI

Sir Wm. Whitlocke, Mr. Lauf 'on, Mr. Palmes, Sir

Pc/otct, Brigadier General Y/euw/jAIaj or General Pearce.

Air. Vernon, Sir RogerBrad/haigh, Lord Barra more, Mr.

Mcdlicott, Mr. Cross, Mr. Gale, Mr. Duncomb, Sir

5 P Richard

Burgoinc’i El't ate.

Let's E1I4U.

Commercial Treaty with France#

Prevention of Duelling.

Toor Relief, &c.

PuMicati* n ui Libels.

421 130 — 15

Richard Farington: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vest-ipg divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Wanviek and Bedford, late the Estate of Sir Roger goine Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, for divers Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given ihejr Contents to the Bill, to the Satjsfaction of the Conj-inittee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Colonel Walpole reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Henry Lee the younger, alias Lee Warner, to make a Jointure upon his Marriage, wasaom-mitted, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made feme Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Queliion put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Press 3. Line 36. Leave out is

Press 4. L,ine 17. Leave out " First.’’

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Merchants, Sugar-bakers, Distillers, and other Tradesmen, in the City of Chester, wag presented to the House, and read;

setting forth. That, by the high Duties on foreign Brandies, the Refining of Sugars, and Diliilling of Spirits from Corn of the Growth of Great , hath of late

been much encouraged; but if the present Duties on foreign Brandy be taken off, and not a proportionable Abatement of the Duties on home-made Brandies, the Petitioners fear the said Trade, so beneficial to this Kingdom, will be loll: And praying the present Duties on foreign Brandies may be continued, or the Duties on home-made Brandies proportionably abated.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to make eft’eftual the 8th and 9th Articles of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France, is committed.

A Bill to abolish Tryals by single Combat; and to preveutthe impious Practice of Duelling; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to revive, and make perpetual, the Act made in the 13th and 14th Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom; and for making per-

1>etual the Act made in the Sixth Y'ear of her present Vlajeliy’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Importation of Cochineal from any Ports in Spain during the present War, and Six Months longer; and for reviving a Clause in an Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of the late King Win. for allowingforeign Copper Bars imported to be exported; was read the First time. Rejoiced, That the Bill be read a Second lime.

Refulced, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into aCommitteeof the whole House,

' Junii. 713 . 4

upon the Bill to prevent the Printing and Publishing of blafpheqnous, treasonable, Seditious, and scandalous Libels; and for the better regulating the Press.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Comiwrml into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to w Ul make effectual the Eighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce between Great Britain and France;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do receive a Clause declaring. That the Privileges, Liberties, and Immunities, as to all Duties, Impositions, or Customs, that relate to Commerce, or to any other Right whatsoever, that have been, or may bp, granted by France, with respect to the Subjects Goods, or Merchandizes, of any foreign Nations, are, and shall be, intended and understood to extend as well to the Four Species of Goods excepted in the Ninth Article from the Tariff of 1664, as to all other Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever imported into France by the Subjects of Great Britain,

Then the Houserefolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Dovers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Dovers reported from the Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

T i* 1 — f . i- it , . , - I,. . - -- — , .- —

Lusty 150 die

12* Annae Reginas, 1713.

Prayirs.

THE House being informed, That the Commis- Scheme of sioners of the Customs attended; i-rade With

/ x* r&Dcc face*

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to ’ the House their Return to the Orders of the 10th Instant; and the Answer of their Secretary about the Accounts from 1668 to 1669.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Return and Answer were read; and are as follow; viz.

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled;

The Return of the Commissioners of her Majesty’s Customs to the Orders of this honourable House, of the 10th Instant, directing the said Commissioners to lay before you the Scheme of Trade beween England and France, as entered in the Custom-house

Books, in the Y'ear 1674; and the Schemes and Computations they have in their Office of the said Trade, from Michaelmas 1668 to Michaelmas 1669.

The said Commissioners do humbly acquaint this honourable House, That they do find in a Book in their Secretary’s Office, commencing the gth September 1674, among Entries of divers Papers relating to different Matters, the Account hereafter mentioned, intituled,

" A Scheme of the Trade, as it is at present carried on " between England and France, &c." An exact Copy whereof, as certified by our Secretary, is herewith humbly laid before this honourable House:

But the Commissioners think it their Duty, humbly to observe. That the Account mentioned in the said Scheme, being from Michaelmas 1668 to Mich 1669, differs very much from the Account of that Y'ear, which was, by Order, laid before this honourable House, the 4th Instant, as far as the said Account could be compared with the Scheme; and therefore they humbly conclude,

That the said Sc heme could not be taken from the Custom-

house

12 Ann.

house Books: And they are confirmed in this Opinion, because, having caused a careful Examination to be mr.de of the Minutes of the Board, they do not findany Notice taken of that Scheme; nor does it appear by the Entry in the Book, that the same was prepared by Order of the Commissioners:

The Commissioners further humbly acquaint this honourable House, That they have no Schemes, or Computations, of the Trade between England and

28 November 1674.

423

from Michaelmas One thousand Six hundred Sixty-eight, to Michaelmas One thousand Six hundred Sixty-nine, in their Office, but as above; as may appear from the annexed Certificate:

Which is humbly submitted.

Custom-house, J.

London, 13th June,

1713. E, Gibbon.

150 Juniu

A Scheme of the Trade, as it is at present, between England and France, in the Commodities of the native Product and Manufacture of each Country; calculated exactly as possible, in Obedience to the Commands of the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for the Treaty of Commerce with France; and humbly tendered to their Lordships.

Quantities,

3-4

5)5^4 2,288 166 466 2,140 832 1,170 400 1,200C. 112 42 829

97

c9

13

173

6

3'3 8.5 96o£

Commodities exported from England into France.

2.50° 6,000 C. 100

Woollen and Silk Manufactures. Ps. of Norwich Stuffs, at £.2 per Ps. -Ps. Serges and Perpetuanoes, at 50 -

Ps. single Bays, at 50 s.per Ps. -Small Minikin Bays, at 6 per Ps.

Small Double Bays, at £.4 per Ps.

Doz. Mens Worl’ted Hose, at 40*.

Doz. Mens Worsted Hose, at 25s.

Doz. Childrens Hose, at 8f.

Yards Flannel, at 12 d.

Goads of Cotton, at £.9 perC. Long Cloths, at £.10 per Cloth -

Short Cloths, at ,£.8 per Cloth -SpanijhCloths, at £.15 per Ps.

Northern Dozens, double, at £.5 Single Northern Dozens, at -

Devon Dozens, at £.2 -

Cloth Kalhes, at ,£.5 Pennillones, at £3. - -

Kersies, at 35J. -Englishwrought Silks, at 4or.

Amount of Particulars.

This is the full of what was exported, according to the Custom-house Books, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1668 to Michaelmas 1669: and for all Engl, we calculate 4 P

more; amounting in all to

Since 1669 the Exportations, we conceive, are diminished, and not increased.

Fodder of Lead, at £.12 per Fodder -

Of Tin, at £.4 perC. ——

Ton Alum, at £.24 ——

Calve-lkins and Leather ——

Several Sorts of Skins, Glew, Lantern-leaves, Butter and Cop* peras. Old Shoes, Sea-Coals, Tobacco-pipes, Gloves, Red Lead, Linseed, Candles, Iron-ware, and Haberdashery-ware, and other trivial Commodities; which may amount per Annum to

708

*3»9'°

5>764

9?6

1,864

4,280

1,040

468

20

10,800

1,120

336

ia»435

485

»3«

26

865

18

6,273

1,920

Total Amount of Exports.

63,466

30.000

24.000 2,400

10.000

20,000

L d.

84,621 6 8

Quantities.

60,000 5,000 c. j 7»cooC.

2.500

1.500

7,604

33,896

i,376

1,200

2,820

150,000

Vq l.

86,400 — —

171,021 6 8

Commodities imported into England from France. Amount of Particulars* Total Amount of Imports.

Linen anrl Silk Manufactures. Ps. Lockr’s and Dowlas, at £.6 per Ps. - Of Normandy Canvas, at £.7 per C. Of Vi!try and Noyalls Canvas, at £.6 per C. - 360.000 35>°«> 102.000

Ps. of Quintin, at 1 o.y. per Ps. of dyed Linens, at los.per Ps. - - - - . Yards of Diaper Tabling at is.-Yards Diaper Napkining, at u. - Doz. Buck’rs, at 50.?. - ..... Bolts Pole davis, at - - -Pr Old Sheets, at 5$. - - Wrought Silks, at 40$. ----- - i^5° 1,500 760 8 1,604 16 3,440 000 705 300,000 £. s.

Note, That this Year, 1674, there hath been received at the Port of Dover only, as we are informed, £. 15,000 for Custom of wrought Silk; so that, considering what may be conveyed away 17. 807,250 4 — privately.

t

4H

15" Junii.

1713.

Quantities. Commodities imported into England from France. Amount of Particulars. Total Amount of Imports.

11,000 privately, and that great Quantities are worth from 3 to 4£. the£. we believe the wrought Silk may amount to much more than the Value of what is above. Tuns of French Wine, one Year with another, cods £. 12. ior. per Tun - -- I37»5°°

4,000 Tuns of Brandy, one Year with another, at £.20 per Tun 80,000 £ d. 217,500

160,000 Reams of Paper, at 5s. per Ream 40,000

1,500 Pcs. of Prunes, at £.4 per Ps. - 6,000

400 c. Of Feathers, at £.5 perC. - - - - 2,000

5,000c. Of Kid-lkins, at £.3 per C. ----- - 15,006

3>°°o WeySalt, at £.2 perWey- - - 6,000

6,000 C. Of Rosin, at 8r. per C. - - - Vinegar, Rape, Cyder, Wadd, Cork, Oakum, Turpentine, Soap, Capers, Olives, Brignoles, Parchment, Window Glass, Teafils, Corn-fans, Basket-rods, Box-wood, Cream Tartar; 2,400

which may amount per Annum, at lead, to - 40,000 111,400 — —

- Besides all manner of Toys for Women and Children, Fans, Jeffamy Gloves, Laces, Point Laces, rich embroidered Garments, and rich embroidered Beds, and other Vedments; which are of an incredible Value. £ I>136*15° 4 —

By the Account above, your Lordships may perceive. That the Linen and Silk Manufactures, only, imported from France, amount to upwards of £. 800,000; and that the Manufactures of Wool and Silk exported from England thither, do not amount to £. 85,000; as also that all other Commodities of the Product and Manufacture of England exported into France, do not amount to £. 90,000 more; whereas the Wines, Brandies, and other Commodities, of the Product and Manufacture of France, imported into England, amount to upwards of £.320,000, besides an incredible Value of Toys, rich Apparel, Point Lace, S'c.; so that it is apparent, that the Exports of our native Commodities and Manufactures to France are less in Value by at least £.1,000,000 Sterling, than the native Commodities and Manufactures of France which we receive from thence: And, ifitpleafe your Lordships to reflect thereupon, your Lordships will easily discern the great Prejudice the English Nation have sustained, and the great Advantages the French have, and do daily make, by holding this Treaty in Suspense; this Nation being, upon the Matter, excluded Trade thither; while, in the meantime, the French enjoy all and as great Advantages as they can reasonably expect by any Treaty.

a 1 c r 1 The above is an exact Copy,

Cudom-house, London, . , . n 1

1 o June 17I- taken out of a Book in my

’3 June, 1713. Office.

Cha. CarkcJJe, Secretary.

Ordered, That the said Return and Answerbe referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to make effectual the 8th and 9th Articles of th"Treaty of Commerce between Great Britain and France, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Harnngtoa to enable John Harrington Esquire, and liar- tluu-

ringtail his Wife, and Charles Harrington Gentleman, his Son, and Heir apparent of the said John Harrington, to fell the Reversion of several Messuages and Tenements in Liver pole ,in the County of Lancaster, being the Inheritance of the said Dorothy, for Payment of their Debts; and settling an Equivalent upon the said Dorothy; was read a Second time.

Resolved , That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pytts,

Mr. Wyld, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Wilmington, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Cleveland, Mr. Stan-

ley, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Harris,

Air. Medlycotl, Mr. Burslem, Mr. Mr

fyfc. Sir John Stonehoafe, Sir John Sir Richard

Farington, Mr. Cross, Mr. Cage, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Pluintree, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Mr.

llandell,"Captain Dyott, Mr. HSir Robert Davers, Mr. Freman, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Clark, and all that serve for the County of: And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Five o’Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Answer of the Secretary to the Commissioners of the Cudoms, about the Accounts from 1668 to i<369.

May it please your Honours,

According to your Commands, I have caused the

Books in my Office to be carefully looked over, to fee if

there are any Schemes, and Computations, of the Trade

between England and France from Michaelmas 1608 to

Michaelmas 1669; and find only that, dated the 28

- November 1674, intituled, " A Scheme of Trade, which

" is at prefect carried on between England and France,

fee.a Copy whereof is herewith humbly laid before

von: But I pray Leave to acquaint your Honours,

That I have a small Manuscript of my own, not belong-

ingto the Office, which I copied from a Book lent me

by a Gentleman about Seven or Eight Years since; but

from whom lie had it, or of what Authority it is, I

know not; which is intituled, "An Account of Exports

" and Imports to and from this Port, from Michaelmas

" 166S to Michaelmas 1669."

, - . r / Your Honours most obedient

Custom-ho. London, Servant,

*3ti u,iC 1713- Cha. Secretary.

Ordered, ThatMr.Serjeant Birch, Mr. Sir Fail of

Edward Goodyer, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for veiling the Ellate late of Richard Earl of Ranelagh, at Chelfeaand Cranborn, in the Counties of Middlesex and Berks, in Trustees, to be sold, towards Satisfaction of his Debt to her Majesty, ifany such shall appear upon the Determination of the said Earl’s final Account, as he was Paymaster General of her Majesty’s Forces; and of his other Debts; was committed.

A Bill for uniting and consolidating the Rectories’ M-h.n Advowsons, and Parishes, of Melton St. Maries, and Fanils. Mellon All Saints, in the Diocese of Norwich, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second time.

Re/ulved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Robert Davers, Sir Geo. NewlandMr. Randall, Sir Arth. Kay, Mr. Pill, Sir Jacob AgileySir John Il'ood-house, M r. Barf cm, Mr. Bracebridge. Sir Robert Elen,

Mr Shafts, 'Sir. Corrance, Mr CrofsSir rington, Mr. Hart, Sir George Beaumont, Mr. Foley, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr Harley, Mr. Rendu, Mr.

Sir Tho. Hardy, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Mr./i

v

12 Ann. 150 yunit.

425

Northern

Borders.

Fnfe of Shenils.

Now

Church in the btiauii.

French

Wines

raptured.

Supply.

I.onl Dtncnr, Mr. Bruce, Dr. PaJJt, Mr. t.awfon. Dr. Foley, Mr. Bugott, Mr. Harvey, Sir Richard.

Mr.' ard, Mr. Bingham, M x. MedMr. Trefvjis, Mr. Bangham, Mr. Warne; and all that serve for the County of Norfolk; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Acts therein mentioned for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northem Borders

of England, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl of Hertford, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Burslem, Mr. Earle, Mr. Windsor, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Palmes, Mr. I Vo rt ley, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Marriott, Mr. Bertie, Sir Fran. Vincent, Mr. Murray, Lord Doicne, Mr. Quick, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Lampion,

Mr. Wrightjbn, Sir James MAir. Lcvinz, Sir

Geo. Newland, Mr. Forjier, Sir Robert Mr.

Trot man, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Ccefar, Dr. Oliphant, Mr. Munity; and all that l’erve for the Six Northern Counties: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Leave to fit in the Morning.

Mr. Bclafyfereported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for the Fate of Sheriff’s in tire Execution of their Office, and in passing their Accounts, was committed. That they had made several Amendments, to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the Hotife; and he read the same in his Place; and Afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to vest in the Commissioners for building 50 new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, as much of the Street near the May-pole in the Strand, in the County of as Haul I be

fuilicient to build One of the said Churches upon; and to make effectual fume Purchases of Lands, by them made for Sites of Churches, Church-yards, and Ministers Iloufi s: And that Mr Aand Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir John Lambert, and others, is referred, have Leave to fit in a Morning.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Refo-lutions they liad directed him to report to the House and he read the same in his Place; and Afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were rear!; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is tire Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Four hundred Twenty eightPourvds Sixteen Shillings, be granted to her Majesty, for the Pay of tire Officers of the Train in Flanders, from the ill of to the 23d of

1713, and for tire Charge of bringing home the Stores.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding, Twenty-eight thousand Tw o hundred Seventy-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of the Ordinary of the Oflice of Ordnance for the Year 1713.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Pounds, be granted, to her Majesty, for purchasing Tw o hundred Tons of Sass-petre, for Supply of the Stores.

Resolved, That it, is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Tw enty-eight Pounds Five Shillings, be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of an Engineer and Store-keeper at Jamaica, from the rftof April to the 30th of September 1713.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Vo L. 17.

That a Sam, not exceeding One hundred Eighty-two Pounds Ten Shillings, be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of an Engineer at New York, for the Year

1713- . ’

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee#

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Two hundred

Twenty Pounds One Shilling and Sixpence, be granted

to her Majesty, for the Charge of the Officers of the

Train in Spain, from the iff of April to the 30th of

September 1713.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thou fond Five hundred

Forty-four Pounds, Five Shillings, be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge ,of the Office of Ordnance at

Port Mahone for One Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Six hundred

Thirty-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings, be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance at

Gibraltar fbt One Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Snm, not exceeding Two thousand One hundred

Sixty-two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence, be

granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of

Ordnance at Annapolis Royal for One Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Four hundred

Seventy-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Eleven Pence,

be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of Stores sent

to Placentia.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Seventy-six Pounds Fifteen Shillings, be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of an Engineer, Store-keeper, and Gunners, for Placentia, for Oue Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Four hundred Seventy-five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of the Officer* belonging to the Artillery in North Britain for One Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-two thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the Fund granted for the Payment of Principal and Interest of the Class Lottery in 17x1, for tb* Year end ing at Michaelmas 1711.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That such Merchants who have paid, or before the First of September next shall pay, the Principal Monies doe upon Bouds entered into by them, and their Sureties; for Customs or Duties upon Wines and Tobacco, shall thereupon be discharged of the Interest due for such Principal Money.

The faict Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon# agreed unto by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be farther ad- Call of the journed till this Day Sevennight. House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WednesdayMorn- Ways

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole aid Means. House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Commercial whole House, to consider farther of the Bill to make Treaty with effectual the Eighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between G Britain and France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, Thai they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

5 Q,

A. 1713.

150 — 16° Jimii.

Ordered, That the Report be received uponThurfday, Morning next.

Marquis of Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Ilalhfax’s Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of

Estate. the Reversion and Inheritance of the Manor of Morley, in the County of York, together with a Term of Five hundred Years therein, decreed to be sold, for Payment of Debts; and also for exchanging a Fee-farm Kent of the Co-heirs of William late Marquis i(Tiling

out of Part of Leiffeild Forest, in for a Fee-

farm Rent, of Daniel Earl of , issuing out of

Hertingfordbury, in He; and for settling the same to such Uses as the said Fee-farm Rent in

landshire was settled; is committed; have Leave to fit in a Morning.

Melton Ordered, That Sir Robert , Mr. , Mr.

Parishes. Bingham, Mr. Warner, Mr. Bangham, and all that serve for the County of , be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for uniting and consolidating the Rectories, Advowsons, and Parishes, of Mellon St.

Maries, and Melton All , in the Diocese of Nor-

u ich, in the County of Norfolk, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 16° die Junii;

12* Annae Regime, 1713.

Prayers.

Constable’s \ N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. /V fr*r Sale frveral Lands and Tenements of John Constable Gentleman, in the County of Surrey, for Payment of his Debts; and for settling other Lands, in the same County, of a better Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Pocklington, Sir Robert Eden,

Sir Wm.St. Quintin, General Stanhope, Mr. Hamden,

Mr. Wild, Mr. Coatjicorth, Mr. Jefferies, Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Worlley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Hern, Sir

Sir Geo Nexoland, Mr. Currance, Mr. Winstanley, Sir Tho. Gety, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Quick, Mr. Pitt, Lord Cajllecomber, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Earl of Hert-

ford, Mr. Tho. Onfoto, Mr. Lechmcre, Colonel Ryer/y, N[r.RobertsNlr.Neioland, Co\one\Morton, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Vincent, Sir James Bateman, Mr. Bingham, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Duncomb-, and all that serve for the Counties of Surrey and And they are

to meetatFivethisAfternoon, in the Speaker’s Chambers.

Earl of ( Mr. Pytts, reported from the Committee, to whom the

Ebate?1^8 ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for raising Five Thousand Pounds Portion out of several Lands in Middlesex and Waricic/shire, charged therewith, being the Ellate of the Right honourable Gilbert Earl of Coventry j and for paying the same to the Lady Anne Coventry, his Daughter, at her Marriage, though the same should be before her Age of Eighteen Years; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Quaker’s Mr Hungerfordpresented to the House, according to

Affirmation. Order, a Bill for continuing the Acts whereby the solemn AffirmationandDeclaration of the People calledQwaArrr shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the usual Form: And the same was received; and read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUersfor theYea

Teller, for the NoeS,j,) 4'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Gale reported from the Committee, to whom Ma . the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for n;,ii ial-s Sale of the Reversion and Inheritance of the Manor of Ei-ate. Morley, in the County of York, together with a Term of Five hundred Years therein, decreed to be sold, for Payment of Debts; and also for exchanging a Fee-farm Rent of the Coheirs of William late Marquis of issuing out of Part of Leiffeild Forest, in Rutlandshire, for a Fee-farm Rent of Daniel Earl of Nottingham, issuing out of Hertingfordbury, in; and for settling the same to such Uses as the said Fee-farm Rent \n Rutlandshire was settled; wascommitted; That

they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-' cerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House, and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. io. L. 2. After " Pence," add " and Two " Pounds of Pepper

L. 3. and 4. Leave out Village, Park, Grange,

" and others," and, instead thereof, insert " Lordship " or Manor ," and, in the same Line, after " Bury," insert " with Baily-hall, and all Granges, Farms, Rents,

" Reversions, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

" situate, lying, or growing, within the Lordship or Manor of Hertingfordbury, withBaily-hall; with all their " Rights, Members, and Appurtenances

L. 5. After " Hertford," add " and all those free " and customary Rents of the said Lordship or Manor of " Hertingfordbury, with Baity-hall, except the Park L. 26. After Earl," add " of Pr. 11. L. 5. After " Pence," add " and Two Pounds of Pepper

L. 6.and 7.Leave out " Village, Park, Grange, and " others," and insert " the said Lordship or Manor and, in the same Line, after " Bury add " and the " before-recited Premises, except the Park

Pr. 12. L. 12. After " Pence," add " and Two " Pounds of Pepper."

The House proceeded in the further Consideration of ^ajv the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sheriff*, the Ease of Sheriffs in the Execution of their Offices, and in passing their Accounts, was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were read a Second time, one by one } and, upon the Question put thereupon, One of them wasdifagreed to, and the rest of them, with an Amendment to One of them, were agreed unto by the House: And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Merchants of London, Exporters of Conummil the Woollen Manufactures to Hamburgh and Breemcn, Treaty w/A and Importers of Linen (font thence, was presented to r2nct* the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom to Ham-borough and Breemcn hath, since the high Duties laid on French Linen, much increased by the encouraging the Importation of German Linens, in lieu of them; which,

flioiild

Frit ill* Ifthery.

the

iihUa.

Fistribution

oi Prices.

Tialf-pay

Oiiicers.

Bur^oine's

Eltale.

-legions —

tcert lining r» elmlds i +o s,

12 Ann.

should the Bill to make effectual the 8 and 9th Articles pass, would be much lefi'ened; and, if French Linen pay no higher Dutiesthan that of the Country most favoured, will he offered cheaper, and esteemed far better; and much decrease the Importation of Germany Linen, and hinder the valt Quantities of Woollen Manufactures annually exported thither; and the Hands now employed in the Linen will then be employed in the Woollen Manufacture already set up in l'ome Places in Germany: And praying the Damage it may be to the Petitioners, and to the Nation in general, may be considered; and to be heard before the Bill pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, rclblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler of that Part of her Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses, at the opening this Session of Parliament, which relates to the improving and encouraging the Fdhery.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurti, 170 die;

12* Anna; Reginae, 1713.

Pra r eus.

AB I LL forraifing the Militia for the Year 1713, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read the Firit time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain some Doubts, arising upon the Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the Royal Hospita) of Greenwich-, vmd for the farther Benefit thereof; and for preferring her Majesty’s Harbour-moorings; relating to the Distribution of Prizes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Manley, and Sir Robert Eden, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Refolted, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That the will please to direct? the proper Officers to lav before this House an Eliimate of Half-pay for Military Officers and Chaplains that have served well in the Trains of Artillery, in Flanders, Spain, and on several Kxpeditions, with the Allowances they have on the Establishment in the Office of Ordnance; and what will be required to complete their Half-pay.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the Members of this House who are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

427

liament, as far as the same relates to the ascertaining the Value of Freeholds of 40 Shillings pe without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Foley, from the Lords Commissioners ef Trade Memorial and Plantations, presented to the House their Answer to respecting the Order of the 1 oth Instant, relating to ’ Cape Breton.

Memorial; and the Memorials, Petitions, Representations, Schemes of Trade, and Papers, relating thereto; aed the Representations to his late Majesty in 1697, in relation to the Commerce with France-, with the Memorials and Representations therein mentioned:

And the said Answer was read; and is as follows; viz.

Answer of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to au Order of the honourable the House of Commons, of the 10th Instant.

In obedience to an Order of this honourable House, requiring us to lay before this House the Memorial of Robert Meeres-, as likewise all Memorials, Petitions,

Representations, Schemes of Trade and Papers, relating the reunto, that are before us, concerning the Trade of England and France, between the Years 1664 and 1676; anil also the Representation made by the then Cora-miff oners of Trade and Plantations in 1697, in relation to the Commerce with France-, we take Leave to inform this House;

That, having searched our Books, we find no Memorial given in to the Board at any time by the forementioned Robert Mcers; and, having thereupon sent for him, he affirmed, That he never did deliver us* any.

We do lay before this House what we find in the Books in this Office between the Years 1664 and 1676, relating to the Trade between England and France -,viz.

Extract of the Minutes of the Lords of the Council, then a Committee for Trade and Plantations, from March 1675 to Jidy 1676:

Copies of Two Projects of a Treaty of Commerce with France, prepared in 1669:

The Copy of a Representation made by the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to his late Majesty King William, in the Year 1697, upon the general State of the Trade of this Kingdom; in which are some Articles relating to the Trade with France:

As also, A Scheme of the Trade between England and France, dated the 29th of November 1674.

Which is most humbly submitted.

Guildford, Francis Gzyyn,

Phil. Meadows, T. Foley,

Robert Mention, J. Cotton.

Whitehall, June the 17th, 1713.

Ordered, That the said Answer, and Memorials, and R.epresentations, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

The Memorials and Representations are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Robert Meeres do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Coun-ties of Warwick and Bedford, late the Estate Burgoine Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, for divers Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cater do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mellar and Mr.

Orlcbar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain aClause in an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for the electing Knights of Shires to serve in Par-

Vol. 17.

The Orders of the Day being read, for the House to Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Means, consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty;

Ordered, That the Committee, who were to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty, be discharged of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants in London and Rrifiol trading in Tobacco, on behalf of themselves, and Planters of Virginia and Maryland, was referred; and that the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the said Supply.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refurned the Chair.

Mr.

Marine

Regimental

Arrears

Marine

ilegiuruMits.

4^8 170 — 18° 1713.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of proper Methods for lessening the Duties upon Italian and Turky raw Silks, and unwrought Flax and Linseed, imported; and also upon British Linen exported.

Sir Roger Mojlyn presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, an Estimate of the Arrears due to clear the Six Marine Regiments, to the 25th of Mar. 1713:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Estimate is as foil.: viz.

An Estimate of the Arrears due to clear the Six Marine Regiments,' to the 25th Ma 1713, exclusive.

D* £. 3. d.

Ifluedfince December 1711 - - 81,464 10 10

To repay Colonel Arnott - - 939 7 10

To repay the Receivers General for Recruits - 2,285 17 —

Ordered in South Sea Stock for the Clothiers, but not received - - 40,843 15 4

125,533 11 — . Balance - - 231,364 10 8f

£. 356,898 1 8f

rine Regiments to be disbanded; and that what is due to the Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers may be paid to the Persons that are actually in Service, or to their Assigns.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wlioleHouse, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 18° die Junii;

12* Annas Regince, 1713.

Prayers.

MR. Cholmondley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrofi’ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Win. Booth Gentleman to fell certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Chester, for Payment of the Debts of his Brother, with whom and for which, he Hands bound; and for applying the Surplus, if any, of the Money raised for such Purpose, towards Payment of his own proper Debts; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; And that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Sa-fi'ftion of the Committee; and that the Committee had made One Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as follows; viz.

Press last. Line 5. After " Assigns," insert " and " the right Heirs of the said JVtn. Booth."

Sups-V

Booths

Liiaue.

Cr

Balance to an Account, to 24th £. s. d. August 1711 - - - 153,991 3 8f

Due to the Six Marine Regiments, according to the Establishment, from 25th August 1711 to 24 Mar. 1744 - 74,773 13 —

Due to Disaccording to the Establishment, from 25th March 1712 to 24 March 17-rr - - - -128,133 5 —

£356,898 1 8*

This Estimate is according to the Establishment; and there cannot be a more certain Account given of the Debt, because the Muster-rolls brought in reach no farther than the 24th December' 1710; and they are not

complete to that time for any more than Four Regiments:

By those Muster-rolls that are complete, the Refpits for the Year 1710 will amount to 5,910. 15 4

but it must be observed, that there are Demands even upon those Refpits, by several particular Warrants.

The Arrears due to the Six Marine Regiments was not provided for in the general Debt of the Navy in 1710; which Arrear, by an Account delivered in by the late Paymaster’s Deputy to the 24th December 1710, was 104,337. ,0i* i\\d.

It must be observed. That, since the making this Estimate, there has been issued £ 5*793- 3*. for Two Months Subsistenee, from February 25th to 24th last.

Ordered, That the said Estimate be referred to the Comideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That an humble Address'be presented to her Majesty, That llio will be pleased todircdl the Ma-

18

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for ivfcun’i, naturalizing Simon Defcury, Peter Ribot, Peter Laffiie, &c. Nut. and others, is committed, have Leave tofit in aMorning.

A Bill to revive, and make perpetual, an Act, made Poor rdtf in the 13 and 14 Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom; and for making perpetual the Act, made in the Sixth Year of her present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Importation of Cochineal from any Ports in Spain during the present War, and Six Months longer; and for reviving a Clause in an Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of the late King William, for allowing foreign Copper Bars imported to be exported; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. er ly, Mr. Bingham, Lord Win. Powlet, Mr. Ward, Sir

Tho.Johnson, Mr. Conyers, Sir Roger BSir Tho. Hamner , Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Sir Geo.

Nezcland, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Bridges, Sir James Mountague, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Bellafis, Mr. Quick,

General Stanhope, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Erie, Mr. Cross,

Mr. Willson, Mr. Gzcyn, Sir Robert Mr.

Mr. Gould, Mr. Burslem, Mr. Gale, Mr. Manley, Mr.

Lowfher, Mr. Hampden, Sir Robert Davers, M.r.

Colonel Codrington: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chambers.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marqw* o< for Sale of the Reversion and Inheritance of thcManor of 1 *.

Morley, in the County of York, together with a Term of Five hundred Years therein, decreed to be sold, for Payment of Debts; and also for exchanging a Fee-farmRent of the Coheirs of /11 ateMarqu is of Ilallifax, issuing out of Part 0 iLciJfeild Forest.in Ru lor a Fee-

farm Rent of Daniel Earl of Nottingham, issuing out of Herlingfordbury, in Ilertfordshire; and for settling the fame

Distribution oi Prizes.

Powell's

Kipht of Trade.

Exporting

Wool.

Memorial

yelpecting

Cape Bruton.

12 Ann. i 8 0 Ju429

fame to such Uses as the said Fee-farm Rent in Rut-landshire was settled, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gale do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Manley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain some Doubts arising upon the Act pallid the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Aefc for the better collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for the farther Benefit thereof; and for the preserving her Majesty’s Harbour-moorings; in relation to the Distribution of Prizes therein mentioned: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Ptnoell, Merchant, is referred, be received upon TutfdayMorning next.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Combers, Weavers, and many Thousands concerned in the Woollen Manufactures, in and about the Town and Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by the great Quantities of Wool of late carried out of this Kingdom, and Ireland to France, the French are enabled to make Serges, Cloths, Stull’s, Sic.and to fell them cheaper than the English can; and if not speedily prevented by Hopping the Exportation of all Wool, in such clandestine manner, will ruin the Woollen Trade in England: And praying That the Woollen Manufacture may be encouraged, both abroad and at home.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill be brought in to make the Laws more effectual for preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland to foreign Parts.

The House being informed. That Robert Meeres attended, according to Order;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, examined, the Mace being on the Table, touching the Memorial which the House had been acquainted he had presented to the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations: And he delivered iu a Copy of a Memorial he said he had drawn up:

And the feme was read:

And he was examined touching the Matter of it.

And then withdrew.

The Memorial is as follows; viz.

May it please your Lordships,

INQUIRY having been made, as said, by your Lordships Order, as several Places in the City of London, for Information of the Advantages, or Disadvantages, that may accrue to, or be fulfered by, this Kingdom, in granting to* the French King Cape Bralon, upon the Coall of Arcadia, and its Dependencies, by the present Treaty of Peace; we, as in Duty bound, for her Majesty’s and the Nation’s Service, and the Security of the Trade to all America, humbly prelume to lay before your Lordships a brief Account of some of the Disadvantages, and Prejudice, that probably will attend such Grant.

ill. The Place called Cape Bralon is not a small Point of Land, as the Name imports; but that, with the Country of Accadia, its Dependent, is of vast Extent; viz. 420 Miles in Length, and 120 Miles in Breadth; wherein are divers Harbours, which, both for Depth of Water, and commodious Entrance, are fit to receive in Security the Royal Navy of this Kingdom.

2d. The said Coast, and Entrance into those Harbours, are so well fortified by Nature, that they may, with a small Expence, be made almost impregnable;

Vo i. 17,

which, undoubtedly, the French King is well informed of, and was never yet found wanting to himself to secure and improve such Advantages as will accrue thereby.

3d. There is very good Fishing on the said Coast; where the Season begins earlier, and holds longer, than at Newfoundland, some say the whole Year; and the Fish is much brighter, better, more valuable, and earlier at all foreign Markets, than those of can

be; so that the French, by such Grant, would in a few Years intirely ruin, not only the Fishery of Newfoundland, but also of Nero England, which have a great Dependence on that Coast.

4. There is a considerable Trade on the said Coast for Furs, and other valuable Commodities; inso much that the French have laden on the said Coast about Ten Sail of Ships in a Year, befidcS what have been laden by her Majesty’s Subjects, which have also been very considerable Quantities.

5. The Advantages of making Oil on the Island of Cable, which have been made there in great Quantities,

will be loft, upon Pretence the said Bland is a Dependency of Cape Bralon; as to your Lordships may appear, by a briefSpecimen of the Usage which the Subjects of this Nation had from the French, during the last Peace; when the French Men of War, and Traders to that Place, would not suffer any of the Subjects of England to fish on the said Coast, nor upon any Banks or Shoals to the Northward or Eastward of Sable, but forced them away as far as the Isle of Shouls, which is above 480 Miles from Cape Bralon.

6. The said Coast is the only Place, in all America, as yet discovered, that produceth Coals; and upon that Coast they are so plenty, that Ships may lie close to the Place where they are, and load them.

We therefore humbly hope your Lordships will please duly to weigh, and rightly to represent to her Majesty, and her most honourable Privy Council, the unspeakable, and indeed incredible, Advantages that will accrue to France by such Grant; and consequently an irreparable Loss to the Crown and Subjects of this Nation in general, but more particularly to the Inhabitants of, and the Merchants and Traders to, Newfoundland and America:

For ifyour Lordships please to consider, That in same another War should happen between this Crown and France, which God forbid; and Cape and the

Coast of Accadia, which is so very fertile, and of so large an Extent, should be granted to France, and the Land peopled, manured, and cultivated, and the Harbours fortified; of what evil Consequence it might be to this Nation;

ill. As to the Fishery of Newfoundland, and Settlements of that Island, the French, bordering thereon, and having such commodious Harbours as may secure, support, and supply with Provisions, and Naval Stores, which are plenty in those Parts, may keep such Number of Ships there as ihey thall fee needful, wholly to prevent the Fishery, and destroy the Settlements, of that Bland, and, consequently, ruin the said Trade.

2d. The near Neighbourhood of the French to New England by Land, and of their Naval Force by Sea, will render the Navigation, not only to those Parts, but to all America, very hazardous and precarious.

3d. The French, by this means, will be capable of Applying the Indians, which in those Parts are generally in the French Interest, with Ammunition, SCc. so that, notwithstanding Peace with France, the said Indians will be thereby more capable to burn and ruin the Eastern Plantations of New; and the French

were never yet waning to encourage the fame.

4. The French may, with Ease, and great Expedition,

supply their Elands in the fVcJl with Stores and

Provisions; which are considerably increased in Number of Inhabitants; and have, even duringlhe lateWar, peo-pled and fortified the Island of , which borders

upon, and lies convenient for Trade with, the Coast of Crocoa; which, with the other Blands in their Possession, will render the Navigation of this Kingdom to those Parts - - - 5 R . not

Commercial Treaty with France.

Candle*.

Harrington's

LlUtc.

Distribution of Pi lies.

Claims for Prize Money.

430

18° — 19* Juni't. A. 1713.

not only hazardous, but almoll impracticable; and thereby the French may, in a little time, become Mailers of all those Islands.

One inilance, although far short in Comparison, may not be amiss to retied on;

If Dunkirk, altliough a Harbour difficult of access, and adjacent to the principal Forts of this Kingdom, as well as to Holland, where our Ships of War are; and the Conveniency of our Rivers, and Outlets for Ships; hath done this Nation such considerable Damages, during the late War; what may be expected from such Force as may be supported, and kept a-foot, in aTraft of Land so fertile, well harboured, and at such aDif-tance, should the French be pofl'dled of it

The Order of the Day being read;

Sir Robert Davers reported f om the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to make effectual the Eighth and Ninth Articles of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Great Britain and France was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in And they were brought in accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted;

T he House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas *Sir liobert letters for the leas, ^XI|.

rr , (Lord Viscount

Tellers for Hie Noe* JSr ArUmrKa).

So it passed in the Negative.

i8=

*91-

Ordered, That Sir John Walter, Mr. Sh acker ley, Mr. Brydges, Mr. Dolhen, Sir Edward Sir Tho.

Morgan, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Harrington Esquire, and Dorothy his Wife, and C htries Harrington, Gentleman, Son and Heir apparent of the said John Harrington, to fell the Reverftonoffeveral Meft 11 ages and Tenements in Liver pole, and the County of Lancaster, being the Inheritance of the said Dorothy, for Payment of their Debts; and settling an Equivalent upon the said Do committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1enerisy 19* die 'Junii;

# 12* Anna) Reginas, 1713.

Praters.

AB I L L to explain some Doubts arising upon the Act pufted the iall Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the Royal Hospital of Greenwich-, and for the farther Benefit thereof; and for preserving her Majesty'sHarbour-moorings; relating to the Distribution of Prizes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Samuel Eyres, Agent to Captain . Underwood, Commander of her Majesty’s Ship Falkland, and Captain John Ca, Commander of her Majesty’s Ship Nonfnch, in behalf of themselves and their Ships Companies, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, in said Ships, in Attgujl 1707, did, off of def-

troy Three French Ships of War; the Margaret of 22,

Mariana 39, and Picne of 18, Guns: That the Petitioners, by her Majesty’s Declaration of i4 June t 702, were entitled to her Majesty’s Bounty of £.to per Gun, out of her Majesty’s Share of Prizes to any her Ships of War that should take or destroy any tlvip of War in the Service of the Enemy: That the Petitioners transmitted to the Commissioners of the Navy Lists of their Ships Companies who were at destroying the said Ships, ant! applied to the Commissioners of Prizes for the said Bounty; but, her Majesty’s Share of Prizes being not then in the Receiver’s I lands, the Petitioner omitted gaining Decrees for the said Service: That, by aProvifoin the Greenwich Hospital Bill, all Personsiu-titled 10 such Rewards ihotild gain their Decrees by the 29th September 1 /12, and make their Claims thereto of the Receiver of Prizes on or before 25th December 1712:

That, at the time of passing said Act, the Petitioners were abroad, and, having no Notice thereof, could neither gain D m<\s, nor make their Claims within the times limited; and me therefore like to be deprived of her Majesty’s Bounty for the said Service: And praying their Ableuce may be considered, and further time granted them for gaining Decrees, and making their Claims, foasto intitle them, and their Ships Companies, to her Majesty’s gracious Rewards by the said Act.

Ordered, Thai the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to explain foine Doubts arising upon tire Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich-, and for the farther Benefit thereof; and for the preserving her Majesty’s Harbour-moorings; in relation to the Distribution of Prizes therein mentioned; be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill to Relief, revive, and make perpetual, the Act, made in the 13 and 14 Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom; and for making perpetual the Act, made in the Sixth Year of her present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Importation of Cochineal Jrom any Poris in Spain during the present War, and Six Months longer; and for reviving a Clause in an Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of the late King William, for allowing foreign Copper Bars imported to be exported; is committed; have Leave to fit in a Morning.

A Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1713, af- Railing though the Month’s Pay formerly advanced, be not re- Militia, paid, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of sundry Miners, Makers, Manufeftur- Drawback ers, Brafiers, and other Dealers in British Copper, was on Copper, presented, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands, who are employed therein, and fubfill thereby, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That the Petitioners, with great Expence and Hazard of their Estates, have brought the Manufacture of British Copper to such Perfection, that they not only now supply Great Britain, and the Plantations, but some of their Neighbours; whereas, before, we were supplied from Siveden, 8Cc. and thereby forced to remit vast Sums of Bullion for Payment of the fame. Balance of that Trade being against us; and, finding we had more Copper than could be expended at home, Application was made, the 5th and 6th Wm. and Mary, for Liberty, to Export Copper and Mundick Metal, made of English Ore, all Copper being, until then, forbid to be exported, under severe Penalties; viz. 28 Edward Illd. 33d H. VIII. and ad Edward VI. That the Clause for continuing the Allowance of a Drawback 16 ou

i a Ann.

i 9° Junii.

on Copper Bars exported is, and has been, very prejudicial to the Manufacture of British Copper, and repugnant to the Laws abovesaid, not repealed by 5th and 6th W m. and Mary; whereby Copper of the Produce of English Ore only was permitted to be exported: And praying the said expired Clause may not be revived, or no Drawback allowed on Exportation of any Copper Bars, except from the F.aft Indies only; and to be heard before the said Clause pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ConGderation of the Committee, to whom the Bill to revive, and make perpetual, the Act, made in the 13th and 14th Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom; and for making perpetual the Act, made in the Sixth Year of her present M a jetty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Importation of Cochineal from any Ports in Spain during the present War, and Six Months longer; and for reviving a Clause in an Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of the late King , for allowing foreign

Copper Bars imported to be exported; is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard thereupon, if they think lit.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Vyvyan, Colonel vion, Mr. Trefufis, Sir Win. Carew, be added to the said Committee: And all that come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee to receive a Clause, That the Servants, or Apprentices, of Persons coming into Parishes or Town-ships with Certificates, shall gain no Settlement in such Parishes or Townships.

Regimental Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee to whom

AmM*- the Petition of Colonel Richard Cobham, and others, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, with their Resolutions thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and the Report, and Resolutions, are as follow; viz.

That the Committee met: And Mr. from the Commissioners of Accounts, produced a Memorial, laid before them by the Petitioners, the 13th of December 1711, complaining, That Mr. Whi/Jcild with-held from the Petitioners their Quarter Refpits: and Mr.

WhitfciUrs Answer thereto, in Writing, signed by him, bearing Date the 18th of the same Month; whereby he admits the Sum 0^.6,798 os. to be due to the Six Regiments of Marines lor Quarter Refpits from the 25th Day of December 1703 to the 24th 1706; but fays, That he laid many Memorials before the late Lord Treasurer for the Money, and renewed his Application very often, but without Success; that the Officers, thereujion, became extremely uneasy, the said Quarter Refpits being stopped from their personal Pay; and never ceased soliciting him, alleging, That Prince George's Warrant was a sufficient Authority lor Payment of the fame, out of any Money that ttiould come to his Hands: Upon these Reasons, having the like Sum in his Hands undisposed of, the Payment whereof would clear his whole Account, the 6th of August 17x1, upon his going to the Bath, he gave his Note to Captain William Morgan, as well an Agent as an Officer, for the said £.6,798 or. t$d. payable at Demand; so much being due to the Six Marine Regiments for their Two Pences, pursuant to his late Royal Highness the Prince’s Warrant, dated the Firstof A/qy 1708; and which Money the said Captain Morgan was to distribute to the several Agents, according to their several Demands, provided the same xyas allowed him by the Auditors of the Imprest, and the Commissioners of the Publick Accounts.

And Mr. Lynn, from the Admiralty, produced his late Royal Highness Prince George's Memorial to her Majesty, dated the 23d of April 1708, representing the great Hardships the Officers of the Marines lay under, by the respiting 8 d.a Man per diem, upon their Rolls, for the non-effective Men; which was Two Pence per diem, more than they could' receive by reason of the Vo 1. 17.

Clothing; which funk Iheir whole Pay; and, in Tome Cafes, their Pay had not answered if 5 and praying thd said Refpits might be reduced:

And Mr. Lynn also produced her Majesty's Order ill Council, dated the 25th of 1708;- whereby the said Memorial was agreed to; and his said Royal High-hess his Warrant dated the First of May 1708, in ptfr*-fuance of her Majesty's said Order in Council, directed to the said Mr. Whi/feild; whereby hfe was ordered, from the last Computation he had made of any Mu ft enrolls, to respit only 6 d.a private Man per Diem, for thfe non-effective Meh of each Company, and to continue so to do for the future: And whereas the said Mr. fcild had already, from the Commencement of the last Establishment, computed several Mutter-rolls, according to the usual Respites, of i8rf. a Serjeant, yzd. & Corporal and Drum, and 8 d.a private Man; per Diem; he was further required and directed to make an Elti-mate of the Difference between the said Refpits, and tire Reduction thereof, at 1 id.a Serjeant, 8d. a Corporal and Drum, and 6d. a private Man, per Diem; and to lay a Memorial before the Lord High Treasurer for the Amount thereof; which he was to issue to the Agents 6( the respective Regiments, to be by them paid over to the several Captains, who should appear to have a Right thereto, that they might have the same Relief for the time pall, as was intended them for the time to come: And Mr. Lynnlikewife produced a Warrant from the

then Lords of the Admiralty, dated the 14th of June 1710, to the same Effect with the Prince’s Warrant: And Mr. James Moody, Deputy Auditor of the Im-prett, produced a Certificate of the Quarter Refpits due to the Petitioners; whereby it appears, That there is due to the Petitioner Colonel Cobham, in Colonel Borr's Regiment, £.123 3V. iod. to the Petitioner Major Robert Kemp, in the same Regiment,£.103 1 is» Zd.to the Petitioner Lieutenant Colonel PaliJJer, in Colonel Sdnnderjbn's Regiment, £.44 12 to Lieute-

nant Colonel Dejediere, in Lieutenant General Holt’s Regiment, £.175 14?. 3 d.to Sir Roger Rradjhaigh Baronet, as Executor of Major Bradshaigh, in the Lord Shannons Regiment, £.181 13*. 4 and to the Petitioner Richard Belafyfe Esquire, and Margaret his Wife, as Administratrix of Captain Henry Marshall, in Colonel Churchill's Regiment, £.192 7

And Mr. George Buckby, being produced, and examined, said. He was present when Mr. Whi/feild was examined, upon Oath, before the Commissioners of Accounts; and he did then depose, before the laidCom-niillioiiers, that he had the Sum of£.6,798 or. 1 in his Hands, which he received lor the Service of the Marine Officers; and that he kept it to pay the Quarter Refpits.

And Mr. Colebrook and Mr. Ruck, Partners with Mr. Nathaniel Jackson, Scrivener, attended, and ejf-

cust d Mr. Jackson’s not attending the Cdtiiffiitttee, hf reason of hii not being in Town; but both owned. That, on the 29th of November 1712, Mr.

late Paymntler of the Marines, did make up a filial count with them; by the Balance of Which there remained due to the said Mr. Whitfeild, from the said Mr. Jackson and Company, £.6,800 for which be took a promissory Note; and they produced the said A6-count under Mr. Whitfeilds Hand and Seal; and ^lr. Colebrook said, he heard Mr. Whitfeild declare. That the said £.6,800 was to pdy the Money dub to the Mar rine Officers for Quarter Refpits:

And Mr. Ruck said, He all ways underltbod, that the said £.6,800 Was left in Mr. and CompanyV

Hands to discharge the said Refpits; atxd Mr. Cole-brooke and Mr. Ruck said, they wefe willing to pay the Money in DischaVge of the said Refpits, having a Discharge.

And Mr. Colebrook, as also a Member of this House, appearing on Mrs. Whitfeilds behalf, who is Executrix of the said Mr. Whitfeild, said, She' had authorized them to acquaint the Committee, That lhe' did not claim the Money'in Nit. Jackfbn's and Company’s Hands; but was willing that the same should- be'paid tb the Marine

Officers,

431 i9c — 20

Officers in Discharge of the said Quarter Refpits due to them, provided Ihe may have a propet Discharge.

The Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is due to the Petitioners, and several other Officers in the Six Regiments of Marines, and the legal Representatives of several of the Marine Officers, the Sum of £ 6,798 or. 1 {d.for Refpits, from the 25th of December 1703, to the 24th of 1706, out of the personal Pay of the said Officers.

Hejolved, That it appears to this Committee, That there is in the Hands of Mr. Nathaniel Jackson, Scrivener and his Partners, the Sum of £.6,800, which was there left by Walter Whitfeild Esquire, late. Paymaster of the Marines, now deceased, to discharge the Sum of £.6,798 05. ijd. due to the Marine Officers for Re-fpiis from the 25th of December 170340- the 24th of June 1706, out of the personal Pay of the said Officers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of £.6,798 or- i| of the Money in the said Mr. Jackson's and his Partners Hands is applicable to the Discharge of the said Refpits; and ought to be

Said, and applied, accordingly, iu Discharge of the said Lefpits.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition, and ought to he relieved.

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and

Mr. Lovibon d:

Mr. Speaker,

Bobberies The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An Act in Houses. for the more effectual preventing, and punishing, Robberies that shall be committed in Houses, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And,

Marquis of That the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, Hallifax's made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate. Sale of the Reversion and Inheritance of the Manor of Mot ley, in the County of York, together with a Term of Five hundred Years therein, decreed to be sold, for Payment of Debts; and also for exchanging a Fee-farm Rent of the Co-heirs of William late Marquis of

fax, issuing out of Part of Leiffeitd Forefi, in -

flire, for a Fee-farm Rent of Daniel Earl of Nottingham, issuing out of Hertingfordbury, in Hertfordshire; and for settling the same to such Uses as the said Fee-farm Rent in Rutlandshire was settled. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ways Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the snd Means. Committee of the whole House, who were to conffder farther of Way sand Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read, and are as follow'; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Duty be laid upon Canvas imported, to be made Use of for making of Sails.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said further Duty on such Canvas imported be Two Pence per Ell.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said further Duty be granted to her Majesty for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That One Penny per Ell be allowed upon the Exportation. of Brit f 1 Sail-cloth, out of the said Duty of Two Pence per Ell on Canvas imported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the said Drawback upon Exportation he allowed for Seven Years, and from, thence to the End of the next billion of Parliament.

0 Juniu 1713.

Resolved, That it Is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be the same Allowance on Tobacco for Waste and Shrinkage in the Cellars, on all the other Duties, as by the Act of the 7th and 8th of King Win. the Illd, is to be allowed on the Impost Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all the Bendable Duties, payable for Tobacco hereafter to be imported, be made payable at the End of Eighteen Mouths, to commence from 30 Days after the Master’s Report of the Ship, or from the Merchants Entry of the Goods, within the said 30 Days, which IhaFl first happen; and as to all Tobacco, already imported, and not entered, to commence from the 24th of 1713; and that all the said Duties be put into One Bond for that Purpose.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the fame, by adding, at the End thereof, " for navigating Ships and Vessels."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That a further Duty be laid upon Canvas imported, to be made Use of for making of Sails for navigating Ships and Vessels.

'1 lie rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Refutations: And that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. , do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Sir James Campbell, Mr. Gale, be Grertiam’* added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill tftaU-from the Lords, intituled, an Act for enablingSirC/rar/er Grefiam Baronet, to raise the Sum of Five Thousand Pounds, and Interest and Maintenance, for Elizabeth the Daughter of his Brother Sir Edward Gresham Baronet, deceased; and to make Provision for his younger Children; is committed.

Ordered, That the Bill for continuing the Acts where- Quaker* by the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the Peo- Atiumatlo"* pie called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath

in the usual Form, be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati,20° die Junii;

12* Ann® Regime, 1713.

Praters.

MR. Freeman reported from the Committee, to Earl of

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- |^lbeury'* tilled, An Act for the better enabling Earl of Sa- Ute*

lisbury, and his Trustees, to make Sale of certain Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Northampton and Dorset, and a Fee-farm Rent, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned, was committed,

That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards

delivered

GrHham's

Eihte.

Earl of

Coventry’s

Estate.

Lfc's

EAate.

Licet fi ig Hackney Chairs.

12 Ann. 20° Jun 433

delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were twice read; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and areas follow;

Prefsio. Line 27. Leave out the Words "Manor " and ;" and, after " Brigstock," in the same Line, infer!. " and the Manor of the said Rectory:’’

Press 11. Line 32. After "Rectories," insert "Parks:"

Press 16. Line 22. After "Pounds," insert "with " Interest."

Air. Finch reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Sir Charles Gresham Baronet, to raise the Sum of£. 5,000, and Interest, and Maintenance for Elizabeth the Daughter of his Brother, Sir Edward Gresham Baro:iet, deceased, and to make Provision for his younger Children; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Commit-t< e; and that the Committee had made One Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as follows;

Pr. (j. L. 19. After " Heir," add " apparent."

An ingrossYd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for raising^. 5,000 Portion out of several Lands in dle fev and If’in nichshire, charged therewith, being the

Estate of the Bight honourable Gilbert Earl of Coventry, and for paying the same to the Lady Anne his Daughter, at her Marriage, though the famelhould be before her Age of Eighteen Years; was read the Third time.

Refdvcd, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Air. Pyttsdo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Henry Lee the Younger, Lee,

to make a Jointure upon his Marriage, was read the T hird time.

Jufulved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Colonel Wa do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House ha'h agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of thelicensed HackneyChairmen, and the Widows of such, in behalf of themselves, and their numerous Families, residing within the Parishes of the Liberties of WeJ'lminster, was presented to the House, and

read; lotting forth, That by an Act, in the yth of her now Majesty’s Reign, the Commissioners for licensing and regulating IlackneyCoaches and Chairs, Power was given to said Commissioners tolicense 200 Chairs, within London and Westminster, and weekly Bills cf Mortality, for 52 Years, from 24th June 1711; and by an Act, in the 10th of the Queen, said Commissioners had Power to liceufe an additional Number, not exceeding 100, from 24th June 1712, for 31 Years, within the Places aforesaid; the AY hole not to exceed 300: That, by said Act of 9th of the Queen, the said Commissioners were ordered, in First Place, to license such as had been ancient Chairmen, or the Widows of such: That the Petitioners all live within Westminster, and, since said last mentioned

Act, have, by Covenants under their Hands and Seals, divided themselves into Seven several Societies in all; and have mutually agreed to contribute for Maintenance

.....of them, their Wives, and Children, as shall come

VOL. 17.

to Sickness or Poverty, to prevent their being chargeable to their respective Parishes, by allowing them 7*.

Week when sick or lame, and 6d. per die?n, if past Labour, for Life; £. 3 towards such Persons Funeral; and 20 s.to the Widow, on the Day thereof: That by some Ambiguity in the Act of the 9th of the Queen, the said Commissioners refuse to license the Petitioners, the Widows of Chairmen, or to let them have the Benefit of such Licenses, as were granted to their Hnfbands whilst living; whereby the good Intent of said Act, and Petitioners Covenants, will be defeated, and their Widows and Children become burthensome to their Parishes:

And praying the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Petitioners Relief, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Medlycot and Mr. do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Ordered, That the Members who were appointed to Sail-clnth bring in a Bill, upon the Resolutions Yesterday, rclat- Manufufture. ing to Sail-cloth and Tobacco, do prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, thereupon.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Robberies in Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, lloutes.

An Act for the more effectual preventing, and punishing,

Robberies that shall be committed in Houses:

And the same were twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

In the Bill, 12 and 13 Line, Leave out "other than " Apprentices, or Servants, employed in Trade:"

19 Line, After " Outhouse," insert " thereunto belonging:"

20 Line, After " House," insert " or Outhouse:"

23 Line, After " House," insert " or Outhouse:"

At the End of the Bill, add Clauses marked A and B:

A: " Provided always, That nothing in tins Act

" shall extend to Apprentices under the Age of 15 " Years, who shall rob their Masters, as aforesaid:"

B: " And whereas there has been some Doubt, whether the entering into the Mansion-house of another,

" without, breaking the fame, with an Intent to commit " some Felony, and breaking the said House in the Night*

" time to gel out, be Burglary; Be it declared and Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person " shall enter into the Manliou, or Dwelling-house, of " another, by Day, or by Night, without breaking the " fame, with an Intent to commit Felony; or, being in " such House, shall commit any Felony; and shall in the Night-time break the said I louse, to get out oft lie " fame; such Person is, and shall he adjudged and " taken to be, guilty of Burglary; and shall be ousted " of the Benefit of his and her Clergy, in the same " manner as if such Person had broke and entered the " laid House in the Night-time, with an Intent to commit Felony there."

Ordered, That Mr. Medlycot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of jiatKia-the Company of Felt-makers, in the City of London, on nuiadiirers, behalf of themselves, and all others of that Trade within this Kingdom, was presented to the Houte, and read; letting forth, That l'elt-making consists in working divers Sorts of Wool into Hats; by which Thousands of Families in Great Britain and Ireland are employed; gi eatelt Part of which are of the Growth of said Kingdoms; to wit. Coney and Hares Wool; but several foreign Countries, finding the Benefit of said Manufacture.which cannot be well done without said Wools from have

bought and exported great Quantities thereof, and made great Numbers of Hats therewith, to the Loss of the English Manufacture, and Ruin of the Felt-makers of this Kingdom, if not timely prevented: And praying such

5 S a greater

Naval

Stores.

Preventing too frequent Kxrommuni-cation.

Holland’s

Eftute.

Supply Pill;

Exchequer bills.

Answer to Address.

Prevention of

Duelling.

Publication v< Libels.

43 4 20° — 2 2 17 i 3.

a greater Duty may be laid on Coney Wool and Skins, And then the House adjourned till Monday

Hares Wool and Skins; or other Relief in the Premises. Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table. __________

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing an Act made in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from North America; and for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from that Part of Great Britain called to that Part

of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Shackerley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Shackerley reported from the Committee, That they had madefomeProgress in the Billjand had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do then attend the said Committee with such Reports as have been made by that Board, in relation to Pitch and Tar made from Rock or Roof Stone.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the two frequent Denunciation of Excommunication in the Exerciseof Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for discharging the Manor and Lordship of Boxwell and Tinmouthfxnthe County o from the several.

Uses, Trusts, and Estates, thereof, limited in and by the Marriage Settlement of Sir Joh Holland Baronet with the Lady Rebecca his Wife; and for settling divers other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of a greater Value, and which lie more convenient, in the same County, in lieu thereof; without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to raise £. t ,200,000 for her Majesty *s Supply, by circulating a farther Sum in Exchequer Bills: Atul the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr.Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That flie would be pleased to direct. That an Account may lie laid before this House what Equivalent was to be given to the most Christian King for the Demolition of Dunkirk; and, in case the Equivalent i9 not complied with, what is stipulated relating to her Majesty had been pleased to command him to acquaint this House, That, in pursuance of the Treaties, as well between her Majesty and the most Christian King, as between the King and the States General, the Equivalent which was to be given for the Demolition of Dunkirk is already in the Hands of his most Christian Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ThursdnyWom-ing next, resolve itl’elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to abolish Tryals by fiogle Combat; and to prevent the impious Practice of Duelling.

Ref iked, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole-11oiile, upon the Bill to prevent the Printing and Publilliing of bbiPpliemons, treafouabie, seditious, and scandaious Books and Libels; and for the better Regulating of the Prcls.

Luna, 220 die Junii;

12* Ann® Regin®, 1713.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs in the Eaf. of Execution of their OtBces, and in passing their Sherur*. Accounts, was read the Third time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Ease of Sheriffs in the Execution of their Offices, and in passing their Accounts.

Ordered, That Mr. BeUafyfe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Paterson’i whom the Petition of If 'iUiam Paterson Esquire was re- Claim*, ferred, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved ilself into a Nav»l Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Store*, the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from North America; and for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Shackerley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Shackerley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to p0of Pitch her Majesty, That flie will be pleased to direct the Com- audTar. missioners of her Navy to make Tryals of Pitch and Tar made of Itoch and Roof Stone; that they may be able to report the Nature and Usefulness of them.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’smost honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Trade with House, That their Address having been presented to her Hinder* Majesty, That flie would be pleased to direct an Account to be laid before this House, what her Majesty had stipulated for the Trade of Great Britain in and how the same is to be secured; her Majesty has commanded the Report of her Commissioners of Trade to be laid before this House, giving an Account what

her Majesty has stipulated for the Trade of Great Britain in Flanders; and how the same is secured:

And he presented the said Report to the Houseaccordingly: And the same was read; and is as follows;

To the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty.

May it please your Majesty,

In Obedience to your Majesty’s Commands, signified to us by the Right honourable the Lord Bolingbroke,

That we should prepare what is necessary for answering an Addressof the House of Commons, of the 3d Instant,

That your Majestywill be pleased todireft an Account to be laid before them, what your Majesty has stipulated for the Trade of Great Britain, in Flanders, and liovv the same is to be secured; we humbly lay before your Majesty,

That by the 9th Article of the Treaty of Succession and Barrier between your Majesty and tlieStates General, concluded at Utrecht, the 30th Day of January la(l,itis, ainongll other Things, agreed. That the States General shall not assumea Power of laying any new Impositions, or of augmenting, or diminishing, the old ones in the

Cities,

i2 Ann. 12* — 23 435

Cities, Towns, Places, Chattellanies, and their Depend- And then the House adjourned till To morrow

encies, Part of the Barrier. Morning, N ine of the Clock.

By the 13th Article, itis.amongstotherThings, agreed,' __________

That Your Majesty’s Subjects shall, for ever hereafter, as

well in War as Peace, en joy in all the Places of the Spa- 2 30 yunit;

nish Netherlands, and of the Barrier, all Privileges, Li- J

berties, and Facilities, in Trade, as well of Importation as Exportation, which they have, or ought to have enjoyed at any time; and which have already been granted, or which shall hereafter be granted, to the Subjects of the States General in the said Netherlands, and

Places of the Barrier: And, in order to the Establishing of Rules for the effectual Observation of this Article, it is further agreed. That Commissaries shall be appointed on each Part, to meet at to regulate, with

those of his Imperial Majesty, if he shall think fit to appoint any, all Matters relating to the Commerce of the Sptmijk Ij3io Countries, or of the Places of the Barrier:

Pursuant to which Article, your Majesty, and the States General, have appointed Commissaries, who have had several Conferences at; and, by the Assist-

ance of the Plenipotentiaries on both Sides, agreed upon aprovisional Regulation for the Trade of the Netherlands, till Commissaries to be appointed by the Emperor do meet, and make a final Settlement, and Regulation of Trade, with those appointed, or to be appointed, by your Majesty and the States General.

And whereas the Trade to the Spanish is

very advantageous to this Kingdom, though it has lain under great Discouragements, by reason of the Duties laid upon British Goods carried thither, or passing into the new Conquefis, since the said new Conquests have been in the Pcffeflion of the States General, whiift the Subjects of the said States General traded upon much easier Terms: And whereas, by the 12th Article of the forementioned Treaty of Suceeflion and Barrier, it is ilipnlated and agreed, That none of the Cities, Towns and Fortrcffcs, in the Post'eflion of, or garifoned by, your Majesty and the States General, shall be evacuated, until the Trade and Interests of your Majesty’s Subjects shall be settled to the Satisfaction of your Majesty, and till the Trade and interest of the Subjects of the States General befettledto the Satisfaction of the States General: Wherefore we humbly offer, that it will be an Advantage to the Trade of your Majesty’s Subjects, that some of the Towns in your Majesty’s Post'eflion should not be evacuated till those who are to have the Sovereignty of the Spanish Netherlands shall agree to such Articles for regulating Trade as may put your Majesty’s Subjects upon an equal Foot with those of any other Nation.

Which is most humbly submitted.

Whitehall, Guilford,

June the nth, Phil. Meadmvs,

1713. Robert Monclon,

Arth. Moore, Francis

T. Foley,

J. Hynd Cotton.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she will be pleased to take care, that the Towns in Flanders, in her Majesty’s Post'eflion, be not evacuated, till those who are to have the Sovereignty of the Spanish Netherlands agree to such Articles for regulating of Trade as may put the Subjects of Great Britain upon an equal Foot with those of any other Nation.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Cotmcil.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, atTwelve

of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Estimate, and Copies of the Reports relating to the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, presented to the House the Fourth Instant, be referred to the Consuleration of the said Committee.

Vo L. 17.

12# Annie Regime, 1713.

PRAYERS.

MR. Medlycot presented to the House, according to Licenting Order, a Bill for explaining the Acts for licensing Hackney Chairs: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Ferrier reported from the Committee, to whom Melton the Bill for uniting and consolidating the Rectories, Ad- Parishe*. vowfons, and Parishes, of Melton St. Maries, and Melton All Saints, in the Diocese of Norwich, in the County of Norfolk, was committed. That they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to raise Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, fer Supply Bill; her Majesty’s Supply, by circulating a farther Sum in Exchequer Exchequer Bills, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr.Chancellorof the Exchequer acquainted the House, Answer That their Address had been presented to her Majesty,"t0 Addreflfeaf That lhe would be pleased to direct the Marine Regiments to bedisbanded; and that what isdue to the Non-commission Officers and Soldiers may be paid to the Persons that are actually in Service, or their Assigns; and that her Majesty had commanded him to acquaint the House, That she had given Directions accordingly.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also acquainted the House, That their Address had been presented to her Majesty, That she would be pleased to direct the proper Officers to lay before this House an Estimate of Half-pay for the Military Officers and Chaplains that have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Spain, and on several Expeditions; with what Allowances they have on the Establishment in the Office ofOrdnance, and what will be required to complete their Half-pay; and that her Majesty had commanded him to acquaint the House,

That her Majesty had given Directions therein.

Mr. Pylts reported from the Committee, to whom Harrington* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Estate. enable John Harrington Esquire, and Dorothy his Wife, and Charles Harrington Gentleman, his Son, and Heir-apparent of the said John Harrington, to fell the Rever-fion of several Messuages and Tenements in Liverpole, in the County of Lancaster, being the Inheritance of the said Dorothy, for Payment of their Debts; and settling an Equivalent upon the said Dorothy; was committed;

That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Partiesconcerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved, That an Address be presented to her Ma- Address on jesty, returning her Majesty the humble Thanks of this Treaty v-itk

L House France.

436 230 — £4° A. 1713.

House for the great Care flic has taken of the Security and Honour of her Kingdoms in the Treaty of Peace; and also for what the has done in the Treaty of Commerce with France, by laying so good a Foundation for the Interests of her People in Trade; and humbly to to desire her Majesty, That flie will be pleased to appoint Commissaries, to treat with Commissaries on the Part of France, for the adjusting such Matters as shall be necessary to be settled in the Treaty of Commerce between her Majesty and That the Treaty

may be so explained and perfected, that an entire Scheme of Trade may be settled, for the making effectual her Majesty’s gracious Intentions, for the Good and Welfare of her People.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, upon the said Resolution:

Anil it is referred to Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Pytls, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Aif-labie, Mr. Lctchmere, Mr. Conyers, Lord Down, Sir Kay, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Sir Geo. Beaumont,

Mr. Heysham, General Stanhope, Sir Win. Sir

Jo.Mordaunl, Mr. Medlyc Mr. Richard

Onslow., , Mr. Onslow, Sir Geo. Neioland, Mr. Finch, Mr.

Windjbr, Mr. Anneflcy, Sir Win. Whiteloche, Sir Roger

Bradfliaigh, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Bulled, Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr. Moor, Lord Mr. Cholnwndeley,

LordHarley, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Jo.IIyndColton, Mr. Sharp, Sir 77/0. Wroth, Mr. Med Richard, Mr.

Pitt, Sir AlexanderCumyns, Mr Mr. Ward,

Lord CaJUecomber, Lord Finch, Sir Jof. Sir

bert Davers, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Ciefar, Mr. Campion, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Harley, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wrightjbn: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebar and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

Leighton’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Lttute. enable Sir Edward Leighton Baronet to charge his Estate with £. 4000 preferable to £. 6,000 already charged thereupon by his Marriage Settlement, for the Purposes therein mentioned: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Motion A Motion being made, and the Qu eft ion being pro-

refyetfing posed, That it be an InstruMion to the Committee, who

1 reaty with are to draw up the Address to her Majesty, That they

rauce' dorepresent, in the said Address, the Senseofthis House, That her Majesty’s Commissaries, who are to treat of the Commerce between Great Britain and France, shall infill, That Liberty be given to her Majesty’s Subjects to trade to all the Ports in the French King’s Dominions;

'Fhe previous Question was put, That the Question be now put.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, { } 7*'

Tellers for the Noes, £ ] 156-

So it passed in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Ttefolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, at Twelve aCIock, resolve itself into a Committee of the 16

whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon 77 Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock, rtTolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of her Majesty’s uioft gracious Speech to both Houses, at the opening this Session of Parliament, which relates to the improving and encouraging the Fishery.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Powtir* whom the Petition of John Powell Merchant was refer- K'^tot red, be received upon Saturday Morning next. *,aJe-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning n-uf.ro tl* next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, M.l.ul upon the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen; although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That the Bill for continuing the Acts where- Quakers by the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People Attirmaw* I called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the usual Form, be read a Second time, upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Naval whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing an Act, Sum*, made in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of herpresent Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from North America and for encouraging the importation of NavalStores from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to tlr.it Part of Great Britain called England', was committed; be received Tomorrow Morning at Eleven of the Clock.

And then the House ad journed till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 24.° die Junii; ix* Annas Reginas, 1713.

Prayers.

N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act i^khton* to enable Sir Edward Leighton Baronet to charge Lhlu.

his Estate with £. 4,000 preferable to £. 6,000 already charged thereupon by his Marriage Settlement, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for uniting and consolidating the Mrltoo Rectories, Advowsons, and Parishes, of Mellon St. lVtitie*.

ries, and Melton All Saints, in the Diocese of in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for uniting and consolidating the Rectories, Advowsons, and Parishes, of Melton St. Maries, and Melton All Saints, in the Diocese of in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Ferrier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Shackerly, according to Order, reported from the j-araj Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for store*, continuing an Act, made in the 3d and 4th Years of the Reign of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from North America-, and for encouraging the Importation of Naval Storesfrom that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to that Part of Great Britain called England; was committed; the Amendments they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir

Address on Treaty with France.

12 Ann.

24" Junii.

437

Sir Tho. Hanmer reported from- the Committee, to whom it was referred to draw up an Address to her Majesty, That they had drawn up an Address- accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it ini at the Clerk’s Table: Where it was twice read; and is as follows;

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, having, at the Opening of this Session, congratulated your Majesty upon the Conclusion of a Peace, find ourselves now under equal Obligations of Duty to express our Thankfulness to your Majesty, since we have been acquainted with the Conditions and Terms of it; which by your great Wisdom have been procured, and by your gracious Condescension have been communicated to us: Your Majesty’s extensive Care hath not only provided for the Security, but the Honour, of your Kingdoms; and we should be wanting in our Concern for both, if tve should omit our just Acknowledgments for the particular Regards which your Majesty in this, as well as in other Instances, hath shewn to them.

The good Foundation your Majesty hath laid for the Interests of your People in Trade, by what you have done in the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce with France, gives us Hope9 of seeing it yet farther improved to the Advantage ofyonrKingdoms: And we make it our humble Request to your Majesty, That you will be pleased to appoint Commifliaries to treat with those of France, for the adjusting such Matters as are still necessary to be settled; and that you will give such Orders for the perfecting the said Treaty, and explaining the several Parts of it, that an entire Scheme of Trade may

be framed between Great Britain and France; which may fully answer, and make effectual, your Majesty’s gracious Intentions for the Good, and Welfare of your People.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committeein the said Address to be presented to her Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be prefeuted to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council do humbly know her Majesty’s Pleasure when the will be attended by this House.

Sir Win. Wyndham presented to the House, according Regulating

to Order, a Bill for the better regulating the Forces to ^and Force*-be continued in her Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time on Saturday Morning next, in a fall House.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Sir Wm. Wyndham presented to the House, by her Army

Majesty’s Command, an Account of feme extraordinary Extras-Charges which attended the late War, in the several Parts of the Service; and for which no Provision hath been yet made by Parliament; marked Number 1. And,

An Account of feme extraordinary Charges which attended the late War, in the several Parts of the Service; and fer which no provision hath been yet made by Parliament; marked N° 2.

And the Titles thereof were read.

The said Accounts are as follow; viz.

An ACCOUNT of feme extraordinary Charges which attended the late War, in the several Parts of the Service; and for which no Provision hath been yet made by Parliament; viz.

For the extraordinary Allowance of One Peny per Diem given to each Dragoon, in lieu of green and dry Forage, in North Britain, between the 23d December 1711 and the 31 May 1713 For the Pay of the Commission Officers of Seven Companies of Invalids, formed out of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, to do Duty at the and Portsmouth, from the Dates of

their Commissions to the Times of their Discontinuance - -

For the Bounty-money allowed to the Men disbanded out of the Regiments of Horse, Foot, and Dragoons, in Britain, in the Year 1712; being Twelve Days Pay to the Troopers and Dragoons, and Fourteen Days Subsistence to the Non-commission Officers, and private Foot Soldiers; amounting to ——

For the Pay of an additional Major to the Coldjireame Regiment of Foot Guards, from the 25th of April 1711, the Date of his Commission, to the 21 December 1713 -

For the Pay of the Garison of Annapolis Royal, from the 25th of August 1712, the Commencement of the Establishment, to the 21st December following, according to the said Establishment ——

For Ninety-seven Horses of the Regiment late Lieutenant General s, which were

killed and taken by the Enemy near Douay, in the Campaign 1711, at the Rate of £.20 each Horse and Accoutrement ——

For Forage-money for Five Battalions of Foot, serving in the Loto Countries in the Year 17 iz, over and above the 40,000 Men, at 60 Rations a Day each Gil. St. Battalion* for 200 Days, makes 60,000, at 6 St. per Ration - - - - 18,000 — — For extraordinary Charge of Forage for 16 Squadrons of Dragoons, in their Winter Quarters 17-I-J-, in Bruges, above what the Troops pay ... 64,440 ——

£ 2,073 s. d.

2,161 6 7

2,269 9 —

GO OO OO 16 —

2,180 6 —

1,940 ——

82,440

Which, at 10 Gil. 10 St. to the Pound Sterling, makes - 7,851 8 6|

For Waggon-money for the Five Battalions above mentioned, at £.200 each, over and above the Provision made by Parliament ----- ----- - 1,000 — —

For the Pay and Forage-money of the General Officers, their Aids de Camp, and Majors of Brigade, who served in Flanders, for the Year 1712, over and above what is borne upon the Eiiabliftiment for that Year - -- - 8,300 — - —

To make good to my Lord North and Grey's Regiment what is charged upon the Pay of his Regiment, occasioned by an Advance of Subsistence to several Officers upon their March to Germany, in the Year 1704; who being killed in the Battles of Hochjledt and Blenheim, the same hath continued a Debt upon the Regiment ever since ----- -- 1,188 5 2

To make good the Loss of a Quantity of Clothing of Colonel Edward Jones's Regiment, which was call away with Part of the Regiment, upon their setting Sail from Ireland to Portugal; amounting, according to the Report of the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, to 900 — - — For the Loss of Subsistence-money of Major General Elliott's Regiment, and Sir Robert Rich's, in Gibraltar, being taken by the Enemy on board one of her Majesty’s Ships - - 1,463 16 10

Vo jl. 17. 5 T For

Supply.

24° J

A. 1713-

For the Allowances to the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty to examine into the Affairs of the Army, and War, in Spain and Portugal, and their Secretary, from 21st December 1712, excl. to which Day the same is already provided £. s.

for to the 10th of April following, incl. at £.17 a Day - - - - -1,870 ——

For Contingencies, over and above the Sum of £.2,000 already paid on that Account.....879 13 —

For the Pay of the Officers of the Garison of Dunkirk, from the 27th Day of June 1712, the Commencement of the Establishment, to the 21st December following, according to the said Establishment ——

For the Pay of the Officers of the Garisons of Gibraltar and Port Mahone, for Three Quarters of the Year 1712, according to their old Establishment -

£. s. d. 2,749 *3 —

2,136 ——

2,698 14 5

Total - 39,30° '5

W. Wyndh

An ACCOUNT of some extraordinary Charges which attended the late War, in the several Parts of the Service; and for which no Provision hath been yet made by Parliament; viz.

For defraying several extraordinary Charges attending the Garison of Annapolis Royal, in the Year 1712, as per Bills drawn by the Governor, for the particular Services for which the same was expended, in the Maintenance and Support of that Place -

To answer a Demand, made by Baron Leutrum, for the Pay and Extraordinaries of the Battalion of Ottinghen, under his Command, for the Year 1712, pursuant to the Convention For what is due on Account of the Expence of the Hospitals in the Low Countries, Anno 1711; and for Seven Months Charge of the Hospital at Dunkirk, in the Year 171a, since her Majesty’s Troops took Possession of that Place; over and above what the Fund for that Service would answer ——

For the Expence of Corn furnished her Majesty’s Forces in Spain, for which Mr. Chetwynd, her Majesty’s Resident at Genoa, drew Bills of Exchange on Mr. Bridges, amounting to -To satisfy Bills drawn by Colonel Neville, for Subfillence of her Majesty‘s Forces, Prisoners in Spain ——

For the Pay of Mr. Thomas Castle, as Commissary of the Stores of War in Spain, from the 23d of December 1707 to the 23d December 1708, £.365; and for his Disbursement for Cloath-ing delivered several English Invalids at Valentia, by the Earl of Pe/erborow's Order; the same appearing to be remaining due to him by a Report of the Pay-master General, and Secretary at War, in that behalf -

I *- d.

19,725 16 1

2,912 9 7

25,933 *7 — 59,4i7 1 9

8,870 ——

377 9 9

Total - £.117,236 14 2

Memorandum: There are several other Demands of the Contractors for Bread, Bread-waggons, and Forage, supplied the Forces in her Majesty’s Pay in the Low Countries-, and for Mule-carriage in Spain; over and above what the Troops paid themselves, and what has been hitherto provided for by Parliament; which are not inserted in this Estimate, by reason the Accounts thereof cannot yet be exactly adjusted; and also a Demand of additional Levy-money, pursuant to her Majesty’s Proclamation; and also to make up the Subsistence given to Second Officers full Pay, pursuant to her Majesty’s Pleasure, signified in that behalf by Letter from her then Secretary at War.

Wyndham.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Halford r Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Elections» for the better regulating the Elections of Members to Scotland, serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Account, Number 1, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Account, Number 2, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Genera] Hill, from the Board of Ordnance, presented Halt-pay

to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, Officers-an Account of Half-pay for Military Officers and Chaplains that have served in the Trains of Artillery of Flanders, Spain, and on several Expeditions; and what Allowances they have on the Establishments in the Office of Ordnance; and what will be required to complete their Half-pay, for the Flanders Train, and Officers of the several Expeditions, from the 23d Day of June 1713 to the 31st of December next, inclusive; and for the Spanish Train, from the 30th of September to the 31st of December 1713:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

As

i2 Ann.

240 Jutiii.

439

An ACCOUNT of Half-pay for Military Officers and Chaplains that have served in the Trains of Artillery of Flanders, Spain, and on several Expeditions; and what Allowances they have on the Ellabliflunents in the

Office of the Ordnance; and what will be required to complete their Half-pay, for the Flanders Train, and Officers on the several Expeditions, from the 23d of June 1713 to the 31st of December next, inclusive; and for the Spanish Train from the 30th of September to the 31st of December 1713.

Salary What will make

Persons Names. Half Pay. upon the up Salary

Establishment. Half pay.

Employments.

Colonels. -Lieutenant Colonel.

Majors.

Captains.

Fire-mailer.

Lieutenants.

Sub-Engineers.

Adjutant.

Quarter-mailer.

Bridge-mailer,

Gentlemen c. 1 Ordnance.

Fire-workers.

Chaplain.

LieutenantColonels.^ Major. -

Engineers.

Captains.

Lieutenants.

Adjutant. -Quarter-mailer.

Gentlemen of Ordnance.

Fire-worker.

Flanders Train, and Officers that served on several Expeditions.

John Henry Hopkey -

James Pendlebury - -

Richard. King -

Jonas Wat fun -

Wm. Bon field -

John Hatiway -

James Petit George Spencer Robert Grylton

Christopher Brifcoe -Peter Gylmoyden Tlio. Manvood Zachariali Smith Thomas Iieyden Thomas Holman Godfrey Franks Thomas Hughes Nicholas Dubois Edward Ridley George Minnins

George Aik inhead James Deale -John Brooks Peter Stepkins

Charles Ozvjley

Thomas Salisbury

Abraham Carpenter Edward Backhouse -Michael Crafts Thomas Baffett John Mellidge -John Cartwright Nicholas Dery Jojias Sandby

Spani/hTr&in. Roger Davis -John Jeffreys -Lieutenant Colonel L Peter Durand John Chardellon John Gruel Bloom William Francis Hawkins James Richards Thomas Pattison Francis Hull -Thomas Lightfoot Henry Pillar -James Jernon Jonathan Lewis Anthony Browne Henty Garnett John Roope Joseph Burton Burnet Godfrey

£ s. d.

118

118

118

95 10 — 7112 6

- - - - 71 12 6 51 >9 7 19 12 11

- - - - 7* 12 6 - - 7* 12 6

- - - - 7« 12 6 41 10 8 30 1 10

- - - - 47 15 — 23 12 6 24 2 6

- - - - 47 15 — 20 }5 4i 26 »9 8

- - - - 47 15 — 18 l9 — - 28 16 " —

- - - 47 15 — 18 19 — 28 16 —

- m - - 47 >5 — 20 15 4 26 19 8

- - - - 37 18 — 20 15 4 17 2 8

' - - - 28 8 6 18 '9 — 9 9 6

- - - - 28 8 6 18 19 — 9 9 6

- - - - 28 8 6 18 *9 — 9 9 6

- - - 25 *9 9i - - - 25 19 9?

- - - - 25 19 9 i - - - 25 19 9i

- - - 28 8 6 9 9 6 18 19 —

- - - 28 8 6 9 9 6 18 >9 —

- ’ - - - 23 13 9 18 *9 — 4 14 9

- -- - - 18 >9 — - 9 9 6 9 9 6

- - - - 18 19 — 9 9 6 9 9 6

- - - - 18 >9 — - - - 18 19 —

- - - - 18 19 — 9 9 6 9 9 6

- - - 18 *9 — 9 9 6 9 9 6

- - - - 18 J9 — 9 9 6 9 9 6

- - - - 18 >9 — 9 9 6 9 9 6

- — - - 18 9 — 9 9 6 9 9 6

- - - 18 19 — 9 9 6 9 9 6

- - - - 18 19 — 9 9 6 9 9 6

- - - - 18 19 — 9 9 6 9 9 6

- 3l it 8 - 3‘ 11 8

677 14 3

46 . 46 —

_ - 46 - 46 — —

Duferne - 34 10 — - - - 34 10 —

- - - 23 - 23 —

- 23 - 23 — —

- - 23 - 23 — —

- - 23 — — - - 23 — —

- - 23 — — 13 9 9l 9 10 2]

- 23 — — 4 11 3 18 8 9

« - 23 — — 4 11 3 18 8 9

. - 13 16 — 4 11 3 9 4 9

_ - 13 16 — 4 11 3 9 4 9

_ . 13 16 — 4 11 3 9 4 9

_ _ - 13 16 — - - - 13 16 —

- - - 13 16 — 4 n 3 9 4 9

- . 9 4 — 4 11 3 4 12 9

_ . - - 9 4 — 4 11 3 4 12 9

- - 9 4 — 4 11 3 4 12 9

_ «. 9 4 — 4 11 3 4 12 9

- - - - 9 4 — 4 11 3 4 12 9

L 1,016 10 8

£ s- d.

103 19 2

y8 12 io£ 51 19 7

89 18 11J 42 11 51

£. s. d.

1484

>9 14 7 66 711

5 *2 — i 29 1 — i

J. Hill, W

D, Windsor,

Newd. Owjley.

Vol. 17.

Ordered,

Marine Half Pay.

Paterson’s

Claims.

Su pply Bill;

Exchequer Bills.

Northern

Borders.

Defcury's fee. Nat.

Elections in Scotland.

24°250 Junii.

44'd

Ordered, That the said Account be referred' to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That the will be pleased to direct, That an Estimate may be laijd before this House of Half-pay for the Officers in the MarineRegiments that shall be disbanded.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this Hoitfe as are 6f bet Majesty’s moil honourable Privy Council.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Esquire was re-

ferred, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Refolded, That this House Will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to rWife Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, for her Majesty’s Supply, by circulating a farther Slim in Exchequer Bills.

And then the Hohfe adjourned till Td-morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 5* die Junii;

1 a* Annas Regina?, 1713.

Prayers. i

THE Earl oif Hertford reported from the Committee, towhoin the Bill for the continuing the Acts therein mentioned for preventirigTheft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England, was committed, That they had made some Amendments to (he Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read thq same in nis Place- and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were oiice read throughout^ and theh a Second time, orie by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bracebridge reported ftom the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Simon Defcury, Peter Ribott, Peter Lajfite, and others, was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill $ which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; smd ifterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were twice read; and, upDn the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; biz.

Pr. 8. L. 22. After " Flanders," add " Charles de " Goullaintie, Sob of Samuel de by Charlotte

his Wife, born at Laitdouniexe iYi the Province of " Britain, in France; Charles de Goidlaitme, Son of " Charles de GoUllainne, by Anne his Wife, born at the Hague, \ti Holland-, Peter Royxttnd de la Jauniexe,

" Son of Eliah Rdyxand, by Celejle his Wife, born at " St. Fulgent, in the Province of Poitou, in France;

" James Stample, Son of John Stample, b his Wife,

" born at Pam, 'in France-, abd Son

" of Daniel Barbiex, by Martha his Wife, b6rn at Bexgexde, in the Province of Guienne, in France

P. 9. L. 42. [After " St.Simon," add " Charles de " Goultaimle, Charles de Goullaintie, Peter Royxand,

" -James St ample, Stephen Bar bier :"

Pr. 11. L. 15. The same Amendment:

Pr. 13. L. 8. The same Amendmment.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

*5

A. f 713.

An Act for the better regulating the Elections of Members to' fefve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

Arid the same were' twice read; and upon' the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto' by the House; and are as follow; viz.

2 Pr. 21. L. After " Wadfetts," insert " Adjudica- tions, or Apprisings, allowed by the Act of Parliament relating to the Elections in 1681

At the End of the Bill, after " Heiresses," add " or " have not fti£ht to the Property of Lands, on account " whereof such Vote shall be claimed."

Ordered, That Mr. Lockhart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That1 this House hath agreed so the said Amendments.

Mr. Bertie presented to the House, according to Or- Sail-cly h der, a Bill for the better Encouragement of the Making Manuiactur?. of Sail-cloth in Great Britain-. And the same was received.: and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Importers, and Sail- Ditto, makers, of Holland Sail-cloth, common tv called Holland Duck, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That one Suit of Sails, riiade in the Dominions of the United Provinces, do more Service than Two Suits of any other Sail-cloth whatever; and that many Ships have been saved merelvbyStretigth of those Sails, when others.

Who have not had good Sails, haveperlflied at Sea: That English Sail-cloth, when once wet, lofesitsSubftanee and Colour; and the Dutch, by being wet, retains its Substance, and becomes brighter than before; and not One Ship in 20 or 30 cleared from Custom-house, London, ofe English Sail-cloth; and, if once, lcarce again: That the Dutch make such Sail-cloth of the Growth of their Country; that so good cannot be made of the Growth of any other: That the Importation of Duck

brings in a considerable Duty, yearly, to her Majesty’s Revenue; in lieU whereof great Quantities of our Manufactures are exported tU Holland, the Benefit whereof is well known to this Nation; the Duties on Importation of Holland's Duck is already very h-gh; and if burthened with a further Duty, as English Sail-cloth-makers request, it will totally rUin that Commodity; btfides, the Importation of Holland's Duck, as now imported, is as

beneficial to this Nation as the Dutch, not only tending to the Preservation of our Shipping, but promotes the Woollen Manufactures: That, some Years past, fds of the Old Subsidy, amounting to more than Part of the present Duty on Holland's Duck, was taken off as well from Holland's Duck, as all Holland and German Linens;

Which is evident the Duties on it were then too high:

And praying nothing m‘ay be done to discourage the Importation of Holland's Duck, by laying any further Duty upon it, being so benteficial a Branch of Trade to this Nation.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain, be read a Second time.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to Tobacco Order, a Bill for encouraging the Tobacco-trade; and Trade, for Ease of the Merchants upon Payment of the Duties upon Wine-bonds and Tobacco-bonds: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Cotiyers reported firom 'the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions Which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aSum, not exceeding Ninety-nine thousand Twenty eight Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to her Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Half-pay to

the

Supply.

d by

12 Ann.

2 50 Junii.

441

the Land Officers disbanded, of to be disbanded, to the 25th of December 1713.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-one thousand Four hundred Sixty-four Pounds Five Shillings and Seven Pence, be grauted to her Majesty, for the Charge of the Out-pensioners of the Royal Hospital at Chetfea, to the 24th of December 1713.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-one thousand Three hundred Forty-five Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to her Majesty, to defray the Charge of her Forces in the Plantations for Six Months, from the 24 th of June 1713 to the 24th of December following.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

1

In Mi*. C complete^.15,000 £.

n , j for Fr.Protestants - "7,500

n£,) T° "mplete otUer ' ce* [annual Paymentsthere 18,122

To the Band of Gentlemen Pensioners, Year ——

For Jewels and Plate, and Presents to foreign Ministers, on their Return ——

To the Buildings at Woodstock, by Estimation And for Contingencies of divers Nature* -

25,6a

6,000

10.000

60.000

*3,47

IVm. Lowndes. £.511,762

Refolded, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Message.

Ordered, That the said Message and Estimate be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Queen appoints to be attended.

Message fr&m the Queen.

Civil List Debts.

Civil List ' Debts.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That her Majesty having been waited on, humbly to know when the would please to be attended by this House, her Majesty had been pleased to appoint Tomorrow, at Six of the Clock in the Afternoon, at her Palace nt Kensington.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also acquainted the House, That he had a Message from her Majesty lo deliver to this House, signed by her Majesty; and he presented the same to the House: And the same was read by Mr. Speaker: and is as followed);

A NNE R.

Her Majesty thinks fit to acquaint her loyal House of Commons with the Difficulties, which, in a particular manner, the lies under by the Debts contracted in her Civil Government, occasioned by several extraordinary Expences formerly incurred; to that her Majesty thinks lierself obliged, in Justice to many Creditors, to order an Estimate to be laid before this House of what was owing on the Civil List in the Year 1710.

Her Majesty hath used unexampled Parsimony to remove, if possible, this Burthen from lierself; but the granting away, and lefl’ening, some Part of her Revenue, by Parliament, has made that impracticable: Therefore her Majesty hopes, that this House of Commons, which, on all Occasions, has shewed themselves so well affected to her, will not be unwilling to impower her to raise such a Sum of Money, on the Civil List Funds, as may enable her to discharge the Debts, and settle the Expence to be regularly paid for the future.

Kensington,

June the 25th, 1713.

And Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, an Estimate of the Debts which were owing to the several Heads of Expence for her Majesty’s Civil Government, at or about M1710:

Aud the same was read; and is a* follows;

25th June') AsESTIMATE of the Debts which

1713. 3 were owing to the several Heads of

Expence for her Majesty’s Civil Government, at or

81,394

38,165

27»534

viz.

about Midsummer 1710:

Cofferer of her Majesty’s HoufhoUl -Treasurer of the Chamber - , Master of the Great Wardrobe -

Offices1 i" or*4S an(l Buildings at her Majesty’s

__j several Palaces, and other places, about

I Stables, Ext raordinaries, over and above what borne on the Houshold Establishment, about - -- -F oreign Ministers, for ordinary Entertainments, and Extraordinaries, about ——

On Fees and Salaries payable at the Exchequer ——

On Pension* and Annuities there, about — Vol. 17-

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Civil List That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, Debts.

That (he will please to direct an Account to be laid before this House of the Arrears of the Civil List Funds, standing out at Midsummer 1710; and also an Account of the Debts of the Civil List, as they are at Ibis time; and of the Arrears of the Civil List Funds, to pay the same;

It passed in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day being read j

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the British whole House, to consider of that Part of her Majesty’s Fishery, most gracious Speech to both Houses, at the opening this Session of Parliament, which relates to the improving and encouraging the Fishery.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed, That there was a Difference in the Committee who should take the Chair of the Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do take the Chair of thg Committee.

Then Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had directed him to move. That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That flie will be pleased to direct the Commissioners of Trade to inquire how, and in what manner, the Fishery of Great Britain may be improved, and carried on, for the belt Profit and Advantage to the Nation.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That (lie will be pleased to direct the Lords Commissioners of Trade to inquire how, and in what manner, the Fishery of Great Britain may be improved, and carried on, for the belt Profit and Advantage to the Nation.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of lier Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- prevention of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole Duelling. House, upon the Bill to abolish Try alsby Angle Combat; and to prevent the impious Practice of Duelling.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning Publication next, resolve itself into Committee of the whole House, ot Ltoel*-

45.000 upon the Bill to prevent the Printing and Publishing of blasphemous, treasonable, seditious, and scandalous Books and Libels; and for the better Regulating of the

10.000 Pirefe.

Ordered, That the Bill for* Continuing the A6is where'*’ Quakers

70.000 by the folemrt Affirmation aind Declaration of the People Affirmation, called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in

100,000 the uftral Form, be read a Second time ufon Tuesday j 5,000 Morning1 next, in a fbll Hdufe.

5 U And

Earl of

Salisbury's

EUate.

Tobacco

Trade.

Marine

Half-pay

Officers.

Raising the Militia.

442 i6° —

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

37® Junii. 1713.

the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1713; although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply,

next; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Civil List whole House, to consider of the Message from her Ma- D*bts* jesty Yesterday.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Venerisy a 6° die Junii;

12* Annae Regina;, 1713.

P eaters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better enabling James Earl of and his Trustees, to make Sale of certain Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Northampton and Dorset, and a Fee-farm Rent, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned, was read the Third time:

And Mr. Attorney-General acquainted the House, That there is in the Bill a Saving of Right to her Majesty to the Lands, and even to the Fee-farm Rent, in the Bill, excepting only the Arrears thereof; but, the Quantum of those Arrears not appearing, there was a Question, Whether they are well granted: And, Application having been made to her Majesty, he had Authority to signify to this House her Majesty’s Consent, that the Bill should pass.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Freeman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; To which they desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for encouraging the Tobacco-trade; and for Ease of the Merchants upon Payment of the Duties upon Wine-bonds and Tobacco-bonds; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the more effectual taking, Rating, examining, balancing, and determining, the Debts due to the Army, Transport Service, Sick and Wounded, and to the Six Marine Regiments.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Committee be impowered to receive a Clause to prevent the Exportation of Bark;

It passed in the Negative.

Sir Roger Moyston presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, an Estimate of the Charge of Half-pay to the Officers of the Corps of Marines: And the Title thereof was read.:

The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

An Estimate of the Charge of Half-pay to the Officers of the Corps of Marines to be disbanded, from the iftof July to the 24th of December 1713.

Per Diem. For 177 Daya.

Twelve Field Officers - - - -Thirty-six Captains ----- Tifty-two First Lieutenants Forty-four Second Lieutenants Twenty Staff Officers — - - £. *. d. 5 12 0 900 6 14 408 2174 £. ». d.

L 27 11 4 4,879 6 —

Ordered, That the said Estimate be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. To morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 270 Junii;

12* Ann® Reginae, 1713.

Praters.

MR. Speaker reported, That he did, Yesterday, with AntWr to the House, attend her Majesty, and presented Addrefc. the humble Address of this House to her Majesty j and that her Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer;

Gentlemen,

I thank you most heartily for this Address; which so fully expresses your Approbation of the Treaties of Peace and Commerce with France.

It was with no small Difficulty that so great Advantages in Trade were obtained for my Subjects; and I will readily comply with your desires, in continuing my ulmost Care to secure the Benefits I have ltipulated lor my People.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the humble Thants on Thanks of this House be returned to her Majesty for her Answtr. Majesty’s most gracious Answer to the Address of this House.

Ordered, That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Railing u» Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for railing Militia, the Militia for the Year 1713; although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Campion took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Campion reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re* port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Poivell Merchant was referred, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Shackerly reported from the Committee, to whom Poor Relict the Bill to revive, and make perpetual, the Act, made in the 13 and 14 Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom j and for makingperpetnaltheAft, made in the Sixth Year of her present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Importation of Cochineal from any Ports in Spain during the present War, and Six Months longer; and for reviving a Clause in an Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign 16 -of

12 Ann. 27* — 290 443

of the late King William for allowing foreign Copper Bars imported to be exported; was committed; That they had considered the Petition to them referred; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the fame, in his Place; and afterwards delivered them at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebar and

Mr. Hoi ford:

Mr. Speaker,

Earl of The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by

Sail (bury’« this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better

KlIate‘ enabling James Earl of , and his Trustees, to

make Sale of certain Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Northampton and,

and a Fee-farm Rent, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And,

Lee’s Estate. The Lords have also agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Henry Lee the younger, alias Lee to make a

Jointure upon his Marriage.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Emulating A Bill for the better regulating the Forces to be con* Land Forces, tinued in her Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive a Clause for limiting the time for Soldiers continuing in the Service.

Civil List . Mr, Conyers reported from the Committee of the Debts. whole House, to whom the Message from her Majesty on Thursday Jail was referred, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That her Majesty be impowered.by Letters Patents under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to set apart, and appropriate, a Sum, not exceeding £.35,000 per Annum, for any Term, not exceeding 32 Years, to be made a Fund, or Security, to raise, by such Means and Methods, and in such Manner and Form, as her Majesty, by such Letters Patents, shall appoint, any Sum, not exceeding £.500,000, todil’oharge Arrears and Debtsowing to her Servants, and others, payable out of the Branches settled.for defraying the Expence of her Civil Government; and that the said yearly Sum be charged upon all the said Branches, whether they be hereditary or temporary; and be issued and paid at the Exchequer, out of the Monies from time to time arising by those Branches, with Preference to all other Payments to be hereafter charged thereupon at the said Receipt.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That her Majesty be impowered, by Letters Patents under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to set apart, and appropriate, a Sum, not exceeding £.35,000 per Annum, for any Term, not exceeding 32 Years, to be made a Fund, or Security, to raise, by l'uch Means and Methods, and in such Manner and Form, as her Majesty, by such Letters Patents, shall appoint, any Sum, not exceeding£.500,000, to discharge Arrears and Debts owing to her Servants, and others, Vol. 17. f

payable out of the Branches settled f or defraying the Expence of her Civil (Government; an d that the said yearly Sum be charged upon all the said Branched, whether they be hereditary or temporary; and be issued and paid at the Exchequer, out of the Monies from time to time arising by those Branches, with Preference to all other Payments to be hereafter charged thereupon at the said Receipt.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Auditor Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr.

Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to p*terson’s whom the Petition of William P Esquire was Claims, referred, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

LuneCy 290 die

12* Annse Reginae, 1713.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Leighton’* to ejiable Sir Edward Leighton Baronet to charge Eilat*, his Estate with Four thousand Pounds, preferable to Six thousand Pounds already charged thereupon by his Marriage Settlement, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. erlev, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Pocklington, the Earl of Hertford, Mr. Freman, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr.

Manley, Sir Wm. Forrefer, Mr. Sheppard, Mr.

tree, Mr. Burfiem, Mr. Conyers, Sir John Mr. Carter, Mr. Hart, Lord Wm. Poicletl, Mr. Pringle, Mr.

Curzon, Mr. Wild, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Lut-tcich, Mr. Lowlher, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Chapman,

Mr. Feilding, Mr. Sheppeard, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Pytts, Mr.

Creffett, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Wortley, Sir Wm. Whitlocke,

Mr. Ashley, Colonel Edgerton, Mr. Bruce, Mr. Letch-

mere, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Annefcy, Mr. Mr.

Cafar, Mr Leigh, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Vice

Chamberlain, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Richard Child, Colonel

More ton, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Churchill, Lord

comber, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Roger Mofyn, Mr.

Bagott, General Stanhope, Mr. Watson, Mr. Peyton, Mr.

Vincent, Mr. Jefferyes, Mr. Elford, Mr. Foley, Sir Tho.

Hanmer, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Cholmon-delcy, Mr. Monckton; and all that serve for the Counties of Salop, Stafford, and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Leave to fit in a Morning.

Mr. Annejley presented to the House a Bill to veil in New Church the Commissioners for building 50 new Churches in and in theStrand. about London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, as much of the Street near the May-pole in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, as shall be sufficient to build One of the said Churches upon: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second lime.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Elcflion continuing an Act, made in the 7th and 8th Years of Return*, the Reign of the late King William, intituled, An Act to prevent false and double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: And that Mr. Shackerley and Mr.

Ward do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to explain some Doubts arising upon the Act, Distributioa paftfed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act of Prize*, for the better collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the Royal Hospital of Greenwich; and for the farther Benefit thereof; and for preferring her Majesty’s

444 29° ft*. A. 1713.

Majesty’s Harbour-moarings; relating to the Distribution of Prises therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning nest, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition of Samuel Eyres, Agent to Captain John Underwood, Commander of her Majesty’s

Ship Falkland, and CaptainJisAa Carlton, Commander of her Majesty’s Ship Nonfitch, in behalf of themselves, and

their Ships Companies, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Office in tfaa A Petition of Herbert Randolph Esquire was presented Admiralty of to the House, and read; setting forth, That in 1702, CiaqaePorti. ||js H0ya| Highness Prince of Denmark granted

to the Petitioner the Office and Offices of Judge Official and Commissary of the Court of Admiralty of the Cinque Ports, their Members and Appurtenances; and that her Majesty, for the better Encouragement of the Petitioner to perform his said Duty, by her Letters of Privy Seal, 8th September x 70a, granted the Petitioner the Salary of £.100 per Annum, for Execution thereof, to be paid out of such Ships, Goods, as, during the War against France and Spain, should be taken as Prize; which Salary was paid to Lady-day 1708: That the Petitioner has since constantiy done his Duty therein, and is now in Arrear £.500 of his Salary, at

day j 713: That there being a Bill now depending in this honourable House, intituled, A Bill to explain some Doubts anting upon the Act, passed last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the Support of th6 Royal 1 Iuspital at Greenwich; and for the further Benefit thereof; and for preserving her Majesty’s Harbour-moorings; in relation to the Distribution of Prizes therein mentioned: And praying a Clause may be added to the said Bill, for Payment of Arrears of his said Salary out of the said Prizes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill i? committed.

NavalStores. An ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from North and for

encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to tlxat Part of Great Britain called England; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ba, An Act for coQlinuing an Act, made in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from North; and for en-

couraging the Importation of Naval Stores from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Mr. Shackerley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dtfire their Concurrence.

Northern An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Acts. therein 8ojc*rs. mentioned for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England, was read the Third time.

ResolvedyThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Acts therein mentioned for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern liorjiTs of England.

Ordered, '1 hat the Earl of Hertford do carry the Bill to the Lords, ai\d desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; Mr. Conyers, according to Order, presented to the CiwlLitt. House a Bill for enabling her Majesty to raise a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred thou fa ml Pounds, on the Revenues.appointed: for Uses.of her Civil Government, to b,e applied for or. toward? Payment of foots Debtsand

Arrears owing to her Servants, Tradesmen, and others, as are therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Alamodcs Commonalty, of the Trade, Art, and Mystery, of and Weavers, London, on behalf of themselves and Trade, bullring*,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That, for Encouragement of making Alamodes, Iten-forces, and Luftrings, several Laws have been made to prevent the fraudulent Importat ion of foreign Alamodes,

Sic. by obliging them to be brought and imported at the Port of London,'.and not elsewhere; and, where-ever

m.ule, to be marked and l’ealed, either at Custom-house, as foreign, or by Royal Lultring Company, as made by them; and in whose Custody same be found not so market! and sealed aforesaid, to forfeit the Goods, and £.100: That, for Encouragement of making other plain RlackSdks here, and raisitig Monies for Publick Services, divers Duties have been laid on all foreign Black Silks, as well as Alamodes and Lullrings; but no Law being yet made for obliging those foreign plain Black Silks to be brought and imported at the Port of London, or, where made, to be marked and sealed, as the Alamodes,

Sic. are, the Petitioners apprehend the same insufficient to prevent the running said Goods j and are likely to be more, to the defrauding her Majesty of herCufioms:

That, the foie Making of Alamodes and Luftrings by said Luftring Company expiring this Session of Parliament, the Petitioners hoped to have tho Liberty of making and felling them; and, though the Laws relating to Alamodes and Luftrings are the most effectual to prevent the running Goods, yet such is the Defect thereof, in that no Provision is made for sealing and marking the said Alamodes, lAc. to be made by the Petitioners, after such Determination; but are, by the Letter and Striftness of said Laws, subjected to great Penalties, in case they make the fame; but, until a Law be made for supplying that Defect, the Petitioners are disabled from making and felling said Goods: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill, or Clause, to supply Defects of said Laws.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging the Tobacco-trade; and for Ease of the Merchants upon Payment of the Duties upon Wine-bonds and Tobacco-bonds; is committed; have power to receive a Clause for repealing the Clauses in the several Acts of Parliament, of the Sixth and Eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Wm.which relate to sealing and marking Alamodes, Luftrings, and Ren forces, made in Great Britain by the Royal Luftring Company.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty;

A Petition of Henry Mortlock, Timothy

Childe, Robert Knaploclc, Wm. Innys, Henry Clements, and others, in behalf of themselves, and all Importers of Books, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, last Session of Parliament, a Duty of 30 per Cent, ad valorem, was laid upon Books, Prints, and Maps, imported from foreign Parts; which was not intended so much for an Addition to the Fund, as to secure against the printing abroad such Pocks as used to be printed at home, in order to avoid the Duty, which by same Act was laid on all Paper printed here:

That a Duty of 12*. per Hundred Wt. will effectually answer that Intention, and produce much more to the Fund without lessening Old Duty of Seven Shillings per Hundred Wt. also appropriated; whereas this high Duty is, in Fast, a Prohibition; and causes as much Loss on the Old Duty, as gained in the New; besides the Discouragement to Learning, by the great Addition on Price of Books of useful- Literature published by foreign Writers: And praying Leave to insert a Clause in the Bill, now depending, for circulating

Supply Bill;

Exchequer Bills.

Raising the Militia.

PaterfW*

Claims.

Marine

Regimental

Arrears*

Sail cloth Manuiudure.

Ditto

12 Ann. 290 — 30° Junii 445

lating a farther a Sum in Exchequer Bills, to alter said Duty of 30 per Cent.ad val. to such a Duty per Hundred W*. or other Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to raise Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, for her Majesty’s Supply, by circulating a farther Sum in Exchequer Bills.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1713, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Paterson Esquire, wras referred, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Arrears due to clear the Six Marine Regiments, to the 25th of March 1713; and also the Account of some extraordinary Charges which attended the late War in the several Part of the Service, and for which no Provision hath been yet made by Parliament, Numb. 2, be referred to the Commissioners for examining. Hating, and determining, the Debts due to the Army: And that they do examine the fame; and report their Opinion thereupon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 30° die Junii;

120 Anns Reginae, 1713.

Peayers.

ABILL for the better Encouraging of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain, was read a Second

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Merchants, Importers, and Sail-makers, of Holland Sail-cloth, commonly called Holland Duck, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

A Petition of the Dressers, Spinners, Whitfters, Winders, Warpers, Weavers, and others employed in the Making of British Sail-cloth, in and about the Cities of

London and Westminster, was presented to the House,

and read; setting forth, That, on a strict Inquiry and Report of a Committee this Session, before w hom attended the Commissioners of the Navy, Customs, Merchants, Importers of Hemp and Flax, and others, who employ many Thousands of the Poor of Great Leave was given for bringing in a Bill for the better Encouraging of Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain: That several who are Factors for the Dutch, and Dealers in Holland's Duck, endeavour to delay the said Bill: That if the said Bill should not pass, the Petitioners, with their Vo I- 17.

Families, will be destitute of a Maintenance, and a great and growing Manufacture be loft to this Kingdom: That the Navy of Great Britain hath, for some Years past, been safely navigated with British Sail-cloth; and by Encouragement of the said Bill, the Merchant Ships of Great Britain may in time be furnished therewith; and what of late Years has employed 20,000 Poor, may in a short time employ Five times that Number: And praying. That such Endeavours against said Bill may not hinder the Pafiing thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Encouraging of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain, is committed.

A Petition of the Flax-dressers, Spinners, Weavers, Sail-cloth Whitfters, Winders, and others concerned in the Work- Manufacture. ing and Making of the British Sail-cloth, in the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by Encouragement given by Parliament, 7 and 8 the Third, to the making English Sail-cloth, the Petitioners, with their numerous Families, to the Amount of above 20,000, have been employed in the Manufacturing thereof for the Navy, whereby they got sufficient to maintain them; but, should the Bill for the better Encouragement of said Manufacture, not pass, the Petitioners, and Families, mail become burthensome to their Parillies: And praying the said Bill may pass; without which so useful a Manufacture to Britain will be loft.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain, is committed.

A Petition of the Flax-dressers, Spinners, Weavers, Ditt0* Whitfters, Winders, and others concerned in the Working and Making of British-made Sail-cloth, in the Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, and their numerous Families, have for many Years been employed in the working and weaving British Sail-cloth for the Navy; which, by reason of the Peace, must be discontinued, unless encouraged by Parliament:

That the House, on Consideration of so great and useful a Manufacture, ordered a Bill to be brought in for Encouragement thereof; but, if the same do not pass, the Petitionerscannotsupport themselves, and Families: And praying the Bill, osso great Advantage to the Nation in general, may pass, to prevent the Ruin of so many Families; which otherwise mult become burthensome to the several Parishes where said Manufacture is set up.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the -Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain, is committed.

A Bill for explaining the Acts for licensing Hackney Licensing Chairs, was read a Second time. Hackney

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mcdly- C1)air»-cot, Mr. Smith, Sir Wm. Whitelocke, General RoJJe, Mr.

Oglethorp, Sir Wm.Withers, Mr. Mr. Conyers,

Sir Geo. Newland, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr.

Wynn, Mr. Cross, Captain Chapman, Mr. Newland, Mr.

Cafar, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Moor, Sir Arth. Kay, Lord Doivne, Lord Harleij, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Ward, Sir James Bateman, Mr. Herbert,

Mr. Bay lie, M r. Lutwick, Mr. Marriott, Mr. Auditor Harley, Mr. Hart, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Campion,

Mr. Plumtree, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Currance, Mr. Gore,

Sir Wm. Boughton, Sir Jacob AJiley, Mr. Guibbon, Mr.

Letchmere: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enabling her Majesty to raise a Sum, not ex- Supply Bill; ceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, on the Revenues Civil Lui. appointed for Uses of her Civil Government, to be

5 X applied

446

30° Junii. A. 1713.

plied for or towards Payment of such Debts and Arrears owing to her Servants, Tradestnen, and others, as are therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the BiH to raise Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, for her Majesty’s Supply, by circulating a farther Sum in Exchequer Bills, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, That they do alter the said Bills, and make them One Bill.

Civil List Resolved, That an humble Address be prefeuted Debt; to her Majesty, That the will please to direct an Account to be laid before this House of the Debt on the Civil List, to Midsummer 1713.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

Aliens The House being informed, That One of the Alder-Goods. men of the City of London, and some of the Common Council, attended;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of London; and the same was read; setting forth. That, by ancient Laws of this Kingdom, Aliens, and Merchants, Strangers, for all Merchandizes imported into this Realm, are liable to pay several Customs to her Majesty more than her own Subjects: That, for better securing said Customs, Laws have been made against Englishmens colouring the Goods of Aliens, and entering them in their Names in Custom-houseBooks; to prevent which, every Person, on Admis-. lion to the Freedom of this City, takes an Oath, not to colour Foreigners Goods under or in his own Name: That, of late Years, many naturalized Foreigners, and Unfreemen, notwithstanding the Acts to the contrary, not being under Oath, as Freemen are, have and do enter Goods of Aliens in their Names, to defraud her Majesty, and City, of those Customs, fife. payable by Aliens; to Decay of her Majesty’s Customs, and Revenues of this City: And praying. That all passing any Merchandize inwards may make an Oath, as shall be thought proper. That said Merchandizes don’t belong to any Alien, or, on Refusal, said Goods may be deemed Aliens Goods.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Wm. Withers, Sir George Newland, Sir John Cafs, Mr. Recorder, and Mr. Vernon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

of the Merchants upon Payment of the Duties upon Wine-bonds and Tobacco-bonds:

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive a Clause to allow the making and stamping Quarter-pieces of White Linen Cloth in North Britain.

A Petition of the Merchants, Linen-draper6, under- Duties on subscribed, on behalf of themselves and many others con- Linens, cerned in the Woollen and Linen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, the Merchants, have of late Years exported great Quantities of Woollen Manufactures to Hamburgh,

&e.: and, in lieu thereof, had Lawns, Canvas, Buckram, and Silesia Neckcloths, plain, and lhaded with White

Stripes, thatfor several Years paid 18 to per Cent, ad val. and distinctly rated in the Book of Rates; which the other Petitioners have bought at Linen-drapers in London, and retailed the fame: That the Petitioners, and others, at the passing the Act, last Sessions, for laying a Duty of £.15 per Cent, ad val. upon all chequered and llriped Linen, and all Linens printed, painted, llained, or dyed, after the Manufacture, or in the Thread or Yarn to be imported, during the Term in the said Act mentioned; and Half Duty for the Stock in Hand, as by the same appears; at which time all the Petitioners had great Stocks in Hand of Lawns, fife, by them imported, bought, and Duties accordingly paid; and therefore did not expect to be called on for the $ Duties; or that it was the Intent or Meaning of said Act, that an additional Duty shall be laid on Linen, as paid £. 18 to^.22 per Cent, ad val.-, or to make an intire Prohibition of Buckram, fife.: That if the said Goods should be deemed chargeable with the fame, the Exportation of the Woollen Ma-nufaftury will be hindered; andleflen the Funds appropriated, fink Wool, and increase the Poor: And praying the Consideration of the House, to prevent the many Informations that are and may be prosecuted against Petitioners; and to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging the Tobacco-trade; and for Ease of the Merchants upon Payment of the Duties upon Wine-bonds and Tobacco-bonds; is committed.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. *

Mr. Bertie took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bertie reported from the Committee that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receiv the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Civil List ReJ'olved, That an humble Address be presented to her Revenae. Majesty, Thatlhe will please to direct a yearly Account of the net Produce of the Civil List Funds, since her Majesty’s Accession to the Throne, to be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to Civil List. whom the Bill for enabling her Majesty to raise a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, on the Revenues appointed for Uses of her Civil Government, to be applied for or towards Payment of such Debts and Arrears owing to her Servants, Tradesmen, and others, as are therein mentioned, is committed, have Power to receive a Clause for allowing to Persons that have made any Alignments of their Debts upon the Civil List, Liberty to redeem them, upon Payment of Principal and Interest.

Tobacco- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to trade. ref0|Ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for encouraging the Tobacco-trade; and for Ease

Ordered, That the Bill for continuing the Acts, Quakers whereby the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the Affirmatlon* People called Quakers shall be accepted, instead of an Oath in the usual Form, be read a Second time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, in a full House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon next. Regulating

at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Land 1'orre‘-of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Supply, the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

12 Ann.

447

Election

Returns.

Railing the jVlilitia.

Constable's

Estate.

French

Wines

captured.

Mercuriiy i° die Jutii;

12* Annas Regin*, 1713.

Prayers.

MR. Shacketley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for farther continuing an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of the late King William, intituled, An Act to prevent false and double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Campion reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1713, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the<lueftion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Oath of the Party charged shall be Evidence of his Ability:

And the same was read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Newland reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of several Lands and Tenements of John Gentleman, in the County of for Payment of his

Debts; and for settling other Lands, in the same County, of a better Value, to the same Ul'es, in lieu thereof; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confetits to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Sir George Newland reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir John Lambert Baronet, Samuel Shepheard, and the Executors of the late John

James David, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee have, in pursuance of the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition, and find the same to be as follows;

Mr. Henry Bray affirmed to the Committee, That, in April 1708, he sold to the Petitioner Mr. Samuel

Sheppard and Mr. John James David about 82 Hogsheads of French Clarets, which were taken by the Rammelly Gaily, of Guernsey, and condemned as Prize in her Majesty’s Court of Admiralty; and produced a Copy of the Bill of Parcels.

That the Petitioners produced Two Bills of Lading, dated the 23d of September 1708, for shipping 73 Hogs-heads and 15 Tierces of the said Wines, amounting to 20 Tuns and Three Hogsheads, on board the New at Falmouth, Mr. Wm. Dare, Mailer, with Convoy, for the Account of the Petitioners at London:

That the Petitioners also produced to the Committee Three several Letters from Mr. Peter Hill, their Agent at Falmouth, signifying. That he had drawn Bills on them, to the Value of £.1,050, payable to Mr. Fern, Receiver General of her Majesty’s Customs, for the Duties of the said Wines:

Vol. 17.

That, in October following, the said Dare failed- from Falmouth, on board the New Topsham, with the said Wines, under Convoy of her Majesty’s Ships the Dover and Sunderland-, but was taken off Beachy-head by a French Privateer, the Sunderland being very near, and carried into Calais, where he lay a Prisoner, as appears by his Letter from thence of the 22th October 1708:

And the Petitioners allured the Committee, That the said Vessel and Wines were fold, by the said Privateer, at Calais:

That the Petitioners applied themselves to the Lord Treasurer, to be relieved from Payment of their said Bills to Mr. Fern’, and thereupon his Lordship ordered all Proceedings at Law against them, on Account of the said Wines, to be flayed; and referred their same to the Commissioners of the Customs; who reported to hits Lordship, That they could only lament the Petitioners Misfortunes; doubting the y were not relievable by his Lordship; for that notwithstanding where English Goods shipped over Sea, having paid Culiom, happen to be loft in the Sea, or taken by the Enemy, the Merchant is allowed by Law, on due Proof of such Loss, to Chip off, in the same Port, Goods to the like Amount in Customs with those loft, free of Duty; yet there is no such Provision by Law, as to Goods inward:

That it appeared to the Committee, by a Clause in an Act of Parliament, 12 Car. Hd, Cap. 4®, Sec. 4®, That if any Goods or Merchandizes shall be taken by the Enemy, or Pirates, upon the Sea, or perished in any Ship, whereof the Subsidies, and other Duties, shall be duly paid, or agreed for; then such Merchant shall or may newly ship in the same Port, where the Goods and Merchandize were, or shall be, customed, so much other Goods or Merchandize as the same Goods or Merchandize are, or shall be, loft, as aforesaid, shall amount unto in Culiom, without paying for the same.

And the Petitioners produced, under the Hand of the present Attorney General, his Opinion upon their Cafe; That they can only be relieved by Parliament for the Duties of the Wines appropriated by Act of Parliament for the Use of the War; there not being a Provision by Parliament to make such Allowance as is prayed.

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon the Table until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging the Tobacco-trade; and for Ease of the Merchants upon Payment of the Duties upon Wine-bonds and Tobacco-bonds; was committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Dormer and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for uniting and consolidating the Rectories, Advowsons, and Parishes, of Melton St. Maries, and Melton All Saints, in the Diocese of Norwich, in the County of Norfolk, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That their several Addresses having been presented to her Majesty, That (he would be pleased to direct the Commissioners of Trade to inquire how, and in what manner, the Fishery of Great Britain may be improved and carried on for the bed Profit and Advantage of the Nation; That her Majesty would please to direct a yearly Account of the net Produce of the Civil List Funds since her Majesty’s Accession to the Throne; and an Account of the Debt on the Civil List to Mid-summer 1713; to be laid before this House; and also, That her Majesty would be pleased to direct the Commissioners of her Navy to make Tryals of Pitch and Tar made of Roch and Roof Stone; and to report the Nature and Usefulness of them to her Majesty; her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions accordingly.

A Bill to vest in the Commissioners for building Fifty

new

Melton

Parishes.

Answer to Address.

New Church in the Strand.

X

Supply.

448 i° Julii. A. 1713.

new Churches in and about the Cities of London and

Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, as much of the Street near the May-pole in the Strand, in the County of

Middlesex, as shall be sufficient to build One of the said Churches upon; and to make effectual some Purchases of Lands, by them made, for Sites of Churches, Churchyards, and Ministers Houses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Conyers, according to order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

t. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Eight hundred Seventy-nine Pounds Six Shillings, be granted to her Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Half-pay to the Officers of the Four Marine Regiments to be disbanded, from the First of July 1713 to the 24th of December following.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Seventy-three Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for the extraordinary Allowance of One Peny per Diem to each Dragoon in North Britain, in lieu of green and dry Forage, between the 23d of December 1711 and the 31st of May 1713.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand One hundred Sixty-one Pounds Six Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to her Majesty, for the Pay of the Commission Officers of Seven Companies of Invalids, formed out of the Out-pensioners of C//e//ta Hospital, from the Dates of their Commissions to the Times of their Discontinuance.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Two hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Nine Shillings, be granted to her Majesty, for the Bounty-money allowed to the Men disbanded out of the Horse, Foot, and Dragoons, in Britain, in the Year 1712.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Six Shillings, be granted to her Majesty, for the Pay of an additional Major to the Regiment of Foot-guards from the 25th of 1711 to the 21st of December 1713.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand One hundred and Eighty' Pounds Six Shillings, be granted to her Majesty, for the Pay of the Garison of Annapolis Royal from the 25th of August 1712 to the 21st of December following, according to the Establishment.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Nine hundred Forty Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for Ninety-seven Horses of the Regiment late Lieutenant General Palmes's, which were killed and taken by the Enemy,

near Doway, in the Campaign 1711.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Eight hundred Fifty one Pounds Eight Shillings and Six Pence Three Farthings, be granted to her Majesty, for Forage-money for Five Battalions of Foot, that served in the Lozo Countries in the Year 1712, over and above the Forty thousand Men; and for extraordinary Charge of Forage for Sixteen Squadrons of Dragoons, in their Winter Quarters in Bruges 174-5-; and for Waggon-money for the said Five Battalions.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Three hundred Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for the Pay and

25

Forage-money of the General Officers, their Aids de Camp, and Majors of Brigade, who served in Flanders in the Year 1712, over and above what is borne upon the Establishment for that Year.

10. -ffe/o/rerf, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, to make good the Loss of a Quantity of Clothing of Colonel Edioard Jones's Regiment, which was call away with Part of the Regiment in their Passage from Ireland towards Portugal.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Four hundred Sixty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings Ten Pence, be granted to her Majesty, to supply the Subsistence-money of the Regiments of Major General Elliott, and Sir Robert Rich in Gibraltar, which was taken by the Enemy on board One of her Majesty’s Ships.

12. Resolved, ThsX it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Seven hundred Forty-nine Pounds Thirteen Shillings, be granted to her Majesty, for the Allowances to the Commissioners appointed to examine the Affairs of the Army and War in Spain and Portugal, and to their Secretary; and for Contingencies; from the 21 of December 1712 to the 10th of April following.

13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand One hundred Thirty-six Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for the Pay of the Officers of the Garison of from the

27th of June 1712 to the 21th of December following, according to the Establishment.

14. Resolved, That, it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to her Majesty, for the Pay of the Officers of the Garisons of Gibraltar and Port for Three

Quarters of the Year 1712, according to their old Establishment.

15. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, to defray the Charge of covering the Fortifications already begun in North Britain.

The ift, 2d, 3d, and 4th, Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 5th Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding £.388. 6r. be granted to her Majesty, for the Pay of an additional Major to the Coldfreame Regiment of Foot-guards from the 25th of April 1711 to the 211h of December 1713;

It passed in the Negative.

The 6 and 7 Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 8th Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding £.8,851 8f. 6f be granted to her Majesty, for Forage-money, for Five Battalions of Foot, that served in the Low Countries in the Year 1712, over and above the 40,000 Men; and for extraordinary Charge of Forage for 16 Squadrons of Dragoons, in their Winter Quarters in Bruges 1712-13; and for Waggon-money for the said Five Battalions;

It passed in the Negative.

The 9th Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum not exceeding Eight thousand Three hundred Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for the Pay and Forage -money of the General Officers, their Aids de Camp, and Majors of Brigade, who served in Flanders in the Year 1712, over and above what is borne upon the Establishment for that Year;

The House divided.

The

ia Ann.

i° Julii.

449

Civil List Debts.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeaj, } »'

Tellers for the Noes j"r; . } 84.

So it passed in the Negative.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, an Estimate of Civil List Debts, on the 24th of June 1713; and acquainted the House, That the Account of the net Produce of the Civil List Funds since her Majesty’s Accession to the Throne is preparing, and will be ready in a Day or Two. The Title of the Estimate was read:

And the said Estimate is as follows;

In pursuance of her Majesty’s Commands, upon an Address of this honourable House, I do humbly certify, That the Debts owing to the several Heads of Expence for her Majesty’s Civil Government, at or about summer 1713, according to the nearest Estimate which I am able presently to make, do amount to the Sums under-written, or thereabouts; viz.

(-Cofferer of her Majesty’s Houshold -

Treasurer of her Majesty’s Chamber -

Matter of the Great Wardrobe -

Works and Buildings here,

and at Windsor,

In the Offices of

125,000

d.

50,000 ——

- 50,000 ——

Court, fee. - - - 60,000 ——

Stables, Extraordinaries, over and above what borne on ^the Household Establishment 4,000 — — Foreign Ministers, for their ordinary Entertainments, and for Extraordinaries 147,320 — — Mr. Compton, to complete annual Payments in his Office - 128,700 — —

Ditto, for Fr. Protestants, qr. -Fees and Salaries payable at the Exchequer ----- - 80,000 — —

Pensions and Annuities, at Ditto - 25,000 — — Band of Gentlemen Pensioners - 9,000 — —

For Jewels and Plate, and for Presents to Ministers from foreign Princes about to return home - 5,000 — —

For Contingencies of divers Natures, as Liberates, Bills of the Exchequer,

Printers Bills, LawCharges, Surplusages of Sheriffs and other Accountants, Expresses, &c. ----- 20,000 — — -

Memorandum: At this time there is a great Stock of Tin remaining in her Majesty’s Hands unfold, amounting in Value above 400,000l. which was paid for out of her Majesty’s Civil List Monies, pursuant to a Contract formerly made in that behalf; and the Principal Money owing, this id Day of July 1713, on the Register for Tin, doth amount to 271,394/. ior.; so that the present Stock of Tin is sufficient to pay all the said Principal, and the Interest, till it can be fold, with an Overplus of — 100,000 — —

,£.604,020 — —

Memorandum also. That there is still a Claim upon Account of the Buildings at over and

above the Payments which were made thereunto, out of the Civil List Funds.

1 ft July 1713. Ji m.

V © l. 17.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the AnlWto House, That their Address having being presented to AdlJref3‘ her Majesty, relating to the evacuating the Towns in Flanders, her Majesty had been pleased to command him to acquaint this House, That the will take care that the Towns in Flanders in her Majesty’s Possession be not evacuated till those who are to have the Sovereignty of the Spanish Netherlands agree to such Articles for regulating Trade, as may put the Subjects of Great Britain upon an equal Foot with those of auy other Nation.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Garrisons her Majesty, That she will be plealed to direct an Efti- in mate to be laid before this House of the Number of Flande"‘ Troops necessary in the said Towns in Flanders till such time as the Trade there be so settled, as may put the Subjects of Great Britain upon an equal Foot with those of any other Nation: and also an Account of the Charge for maintaining the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That an humble Ad- Residence of dress be presented to her Majesty, acknowledging the J^er lA great Care her Majesty has always taken, particularly orr in the late Treaties of Peace and Guaranty, to prevent the Pretender to her Throne being in a Condition to disturb these Realms; and to beseech her Majesty,

The lhc will use the most speedy and pressing Instances with the Duke of Terrain, and with all other Princes and States in Amity or Correspondenee with her Majesty, That they will not, under any Pretence whatsoever, receive, or fnffer to continue, within any of their Dominions, the Person who, in Defiance of her Majesty’s most undoubted Title to the Crown, and the Settlement thereof in the illustrious House of Hanover, has assumed the Title of King of these Realms; and to allure her Majesty, That the Commons of Great Britain will on all Occasions, to the utmost of their Power, support her Majesty in such Steps as shall be necessary towards rendering those Instances effectual.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, upon the said Resolution.

And it is referred to General Stanhope, Mr. Poultney,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Heysham, Mr. JLotondes, Sir John Stonehouse, Mr. Bridges, Mr.

Sir AlexanderCummyns, Mr. Aijlabie, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Plumptree, Mr. Burgh, General Roffc, Mr. Murray, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Carnege, Lord Harley, Mr. Foley, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Clark,

Mr. Sout/noell, Colonel Walpole, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Bay lie, Sir David Dalrymple Mr. Onslow, Lord Win.

Powtctt, Sir William Wyndham, Mr. Finch, Sir Richard Hoare, Mr. Winnington, Lord Downe, Mr. Blackmore,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Cholmley, Mr.

Auditor Harley, Mr. Campion, Col. Byerley, Mr. Ward,

Mr, Goulston, Mr. Fretnan, Mr. Brydges, the Earl of Thomond, the Earl of Hertford, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr,

Bulled, Mr. Levinz, S\r James Bateman, Mr. Bruere, Mr.

Bertie, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Moore, Mr. Wortlcy,

Mr. Dockminique, Sir John Walter, Mr. Strickland, Sir John Clark, Mr. Cholmondley, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Pringle,

Mr. Letchmere, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir Win.

Sir Geo.Neiolaitd, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Aldworth, Sir Tho.

Hanmer, Sir John Cafs, Mr. Powleit, Mr*

Lord Cajllecomber, Sir Robert Davers, Lord Finch,

Mr. Gape, Mr. Smith, Mr. Tho. Smith, Mr. Chown,

Mr. Burslem: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Officers of the Ordnance do lay be- jrortjf5catiolj, fore this House an Account of the Effects in their Office at Dock-' forpurchasingLands, for ere&ing Fortifications for Secu- yards, rity of the Docks at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Hanoich; '

5 Y and

Powells Right iff Trade.

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bills;

Civil List.

Paterson’s

Claim*

Sa*l-cloth

Manufacture.

Tobacco-

Trade.

Regulating Land Forces;

Railing the Militia.

Booth's

Estate.

Parry's

haiue.

450

i*: — 30 Julii. A. 1713.

and of the Proceedings that have heen in relation thereunto.

Tl ic Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Powell, Merchant, was referred, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Refilled, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to raise Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, for her Majesty’s Supply, by circulating a farther Sum in Exchequer Bills; and also upon the Bill for enabling her Maji liy to raise a Sum not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, n the Revenues appointed for Uses of herCivil Government, to be applied for or towards Payment of such Debts and Arrears owing to her Servants, Tradesmen, and others, as are therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Palerson Esquire was referred, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Encouragement of the making the Sail-cloth in Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging the Tobacco-trade; and for Ease of the MercliantsuponPay ment oftlie Duties upon Wine-bonds and Tobacco-bonds; was committed; be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vitneris, 30 Julii;

12* Anns Regins, 1713.

Prayeks.

"DESO LV ED, That this House will, Tomorrow, at * Twelve of the Cloek, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters.

An ingrossed Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1713, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read the Third tiijne.

Refohcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen, although the Mouth’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Campion do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Wot.Booth Gentleman, to fell certain Lands

end Hereditaments io the County of Chester, for Payment of the Debts of his Brother, with whom, and for which, he Hands bound; and for applying the Surplus, if any, of the Money raised for such Purposes, towards Payment of his own proper Debts; was read the Third time.

Refilled, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Came, with an Amendment; To which they desire their LortRhips Concurrence.

Mr. Goulston reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Symes Parry to change his Name of Parry to Symes, according to Will of John Symes Esquire, deceased, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had made Oue Amendment to at

the Bill; which they had direclod him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read twice; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as follows; viz.

Pr. 1. Line 4. To leave out " Third," and insert " Second."

Mr. Bracebridge reported from the Committee, to Licensin.

whom the Bill for explaining the Acts for licensing Hackney Chairs was committed, That they had made "ur*‘ Two Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed, and the other agreed, unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

General Stanhope reported from the Committee, who Resideowof were appointed, upon Wednesday last, to draw up an Pretender i* Address to be presented to her Majesty, That they bad Lorr*,n* drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards-delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows;

Most gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled* having nothing so justly at our Hearts as the Honour and Safety of your moll sacred Person, and Government, and the Security oftlie Protestant Succession, do crave Leave most thankfully to acknowledge the great Care which your Majesty, in Tenderness to your People, hath always taken toprevent the Pretender to your Crown from being in a Condition to disturb these Realms; and particularly by the late Treaty of Guaranty with the States General, and the Treaty of Peace between your Majesty and the French King; wherein, amongst other just and necessary Provisions, for the Security of the Protestant Succession, it is llipulaied, That the Pretender to your Majesty’s Crown shall not be suffered to reside in any of that King’s Dominions.

Your Majesty wifely infilled upon his Removal from that neighbouring Kingdom; and your faithful Commons are so fully convinced of the Necessity there is to remove him as far as possible, that they cannot but express to your Majesty their Apprehensions of the many Dangers which may accrue to your Majesty, and to your Kingdoms, from his residing in the Territories of the Duke of Lorrain.

We do, therefore, out of the highest Duty and Concern for the Preservation of your Royal Person, and the Quiet of your People, most humbly beseech your Majesty, That you will be pleased to use the moll speedy and pressing Inllances with the Duke of Lorrain, and with all other Princes and States in Amity or Correspondence with your Majesty, That tl toy will not, under any Pretext whatsoever, receive, or fuft’er to continue, within any of their Dominions, that Person who, in Defiance of your Majesty’s moll undoubted Title to the Crown, and the Settlement thereof on the illullrious House of Hanover, has afiumed the Title of King of these Realms: And ive farther beg Leave to allure your Majesty, That the Commons of Great Britain will, on all Occasions, to the utmost of their Power, flip-port your Majesty in such Steps as shall be necessary towards rendering those Instances effectual, and your Majesty safe and easy upon your Throne.

Refilled, Kdmine contradicente, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to her Majesty.

R(joined, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Qr dared.

12 Ann. 3° — 6° Julii. 451

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council do humbly know her Majesty’s Pleasure, when flie will be attended by this House.

Thanks for Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted thd Answer io House, That their humbleThanks had been returned to . a a.ii eis. ),er Majesty, for |,er Majesty’s most gracious Answer to their Address, presented to her, the 26 of the last Month, by the whole House; and that her Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Queen ap- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by her Majesty’s

points n Day Commands, also acquainted the House, That her Ma-'ivlr^'und Je^3' ^as appointed Tuef the Seventh of this Instant 111 tell us goi,n July to be observed as a Day of publick Thanksgiving to tebt. Pauls.0 Almighty God, onOccasion of the safe and honourable Peace concluded lately at Utrecht: And, for the greater Solemnity of that Day, her Majesty will be pleased to go to St. Paul's Church, as has been acculiomed in former times in this Kingdom, to return Thanks to Almighty God for the Blessings of Peace, in which not only her Majesty, but all her Subjects, are so highly concerned; and that her Majesty hath been pleased to give necessary Orders for providing convenient Places in the said Cathedral for the Members of this House.

The House resolved itfulfinioa Committee upon the said Bills.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee:

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That the/ had gone through the Bills: That, according to the In-flruftion from the House, they had consolidated them, and made several Amendments to them; which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon next, stew Church

at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee in the Strand. of the whole House, upon the Bill to vest in the Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches in and about London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, as much of the Street near the May-pole in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, as shall be sufficient to build Oue

of the said Churches upon.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Commuui- Resolved, That the humble Thanks of this House be cauou. returned to her Majesty, for her gracious Favour in communicating to this House her Intention of going to St. Paul's Church upon the Day of Thanksgiving appointed by her Majesty; and for having been pleased to give Orders for providing convenient Places in the said Cathedral for the Members of this House.

Ordered, That the said Thanks be returned to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

The ??fet0 Resolved, That this House will attend her Majesty, as Queen! an House, to St Paul's Church, upon the Day appointed for a publick Thanksgiving.

I leehon a pm for the farther continuing the Act, made in the ttorns. tli and 8 th Years of the Reign of the late King,

intituled, An Act to prevent false and double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was read a Second time.

Resolved.'Y\\ntthe Bill be committed to Mr Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Smith, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Mr. Bur/lem, Sir Arth.Kav, Mr. Canon, Mr. Crfr/iir, Mr. PyttMr. ard, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bulteel, Mr. Or7, Mr. Chapman, Sir Beaumont, Sir Tho. Wroth, Sir BogerBrailfhai Mr Mr

Mr. Levinz, Mr. Onflozo, Mr. Mr. Freman,

Mr. Sheppard, Mr. BaldioyMr. Lord Dozen, Mr. Dockminique, Sir //An. Mr. Sir Tho.

Crosse, Dr.Pofke, Mr. GoulJlnn, M r. Bingham, SirRichard Onslow, Lord Finch, Lord Hertford, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Smith foil. Sir Geo. Neieland, Sir Jo.Mordaunt; And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Leave to fit in a Morning.

Supptv Bill: The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Exchequer resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon EiiJs. the Bill to raise Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, for

her Majesty’s Supply, by circulating a farther Sum in Exchequer Bills; and also upon the Bill for enabling her Majesty to raise a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, on the Revenues appointed for the Uses of her Civil Government, to be applied for or towards Payment of such Debts and Arrears owing to her Servants, Tradesmen, and others, as are therein mentioned.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do receive a Clause to prevent the forging or counterfeiting Exchequer Bills to be issued by virtue of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Committee do receive a Clause for appropriating the Monies granted this Session of Parliament.

Vo i». 17.

Luna, 6° die Julii;

iz* Annse Reginae, 1713.

Praters.

AM ES S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and Mr. Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed, to the Bill, intituled, An Act Soldiers, to enable such Officers and Soldiers as have been in her may exsreif* Majesty’s Service during the late War to exerciseTrades j Trades, and for Officers to Account with their Soldiers; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Raising a* railing the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hun- Militia, dred and Thirteen, although the Month’s Pay formerly advanced, be not repaid, without any Amendment:

And have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Northern continuing the Acts therein mentioned for preventing Borders. Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of -land, without any Amendment:

And have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Naval continuing an Act, made in the 3d and 4th Years of the Stores. Reign ot her present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from her Majesty’s Plantations in America; and for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to that Part of Great Britain called England-, without any Amendments:

And also to the Amendment, made by this House, to Booth’s the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Wm. Gentle- EiUtt. man to fell certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Chester, for Payment of the Debts of his Brother, with whom, and for which, he Hands bound; and for applying the Surplus, if any, of the Money raised for such Purpose, towards Payment of his own proper Debts.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Harriajtoo’s to enable John Harrington Esquire, and Dorothy his eiuu. Wife, and Charles Harrington Gentleman, his Son, and Heir appareut of the said John Harrington, to fell the Reversion of Several Messuages and Tenements in pole, in the County of Lancaster, being the Inheritance of the said Dorothy, for Payment of their Debts; and settling an Equivalent upon the said Dorothy; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr Pyllsdocarry the Bill to the Lords,

and

4S

6° Julii.

A 1713.

Poor Relief.

Royal Aflfent to Rills.

and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to revive, and make perpetual, the Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom; and for making perpetual the Act, made in the Sixth Year of her present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Importation of Cochineal from any Ports during the present War, and Six Months longer; and for reviving a Clause in an Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of the late King for

allowing foreign Copper Bars imported to be exported; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making perpetual the Act, made in the 13 and 14 Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the I Id, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom; and that Persons bound Apprentices to, or being hired Servants with, Persons coming with Certificates, shall not gain Settlements by such Services, or Apprenticeships; and for making perpetual the Act, made in the Sixth Year of her present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Importation of Cochineal from any Ports in Spain during the present War, and Six Months longer; and for reviving a Clause in an Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of the late King William, intituled, An Act for settling the Trade to Africa, for allowing foreign Copper Bars imported to be exported.

Ordered, That Mr. Shackerl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That he had, with the House, been up at the House of Peers, and heard the Commission read, authorizing several Lords, therein named, to notify and declare, in her Majesty’s Absence, the Royal Assent to several Bills therein mentioned; and that, accordingly, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of her Majesty’s Council, and the Lord Steward of her Majesty’s Household, did notify and declare the Royal Act'ent to the publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act to explain a Clause in an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for the electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament, as far as the same relates to the ascertaining the Value of Freeholds of Forty Shillings per Annum:

An Act for the more effectual preventing, and punishing. Robberies that shall be committed in Houses:

An Act for the better regulating the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1713, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid:

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from her Majesty’s Plantations in America; and R>r encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to that Part of Great Britain called England:

An Act for continuing the Acts therein mentioned for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England.

An Act for better enabling James Earl of V and his Trustees, to make Sale of certain Manors,

Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Northampton, and Dorset, and a Fee-farm Rent, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned:

An Act for the Sale of the Reversion and Inheritance of the Manor of Morley, in the County o (York, together with a’Perm of Five hundred Years therein, decreed to be sold, for Payment of Debts;and also for exchanging a Fee-farm Rent of the Co heirs of William late Marquis of Halifax, issuing out of Part of Lciffeild Forest, in Rutlandshire, for a fee-farm Rent of Daniel Earl of Nottingham, issuing out of Hertin fordjiiire; and for settling the same to inch Uses as the said Fee-farm Rent in Rutlandshire was settled:

An Act for raising Five thousand Pounds Portion out of several Lands xn Middlesex and charged

therewith, being the Estate of the Right honourable Gilbert Earl of Coventry, and for paying the same to the Lady Anne Coventry, his Daughter, at her Marriage, though the same ftxould be before her Age of Eighteen Years:

An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Warwick and Bedford, late the Estate of Sir Roger Burgoine Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, for divers Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for discharging the Manors and Lordships of Be.vxvell and Timvorth, in the County of , from the several Uses, Trusts, and Estates, thereof, limited in and by the Marriage Settlement of Sir John Holland Baronet with the Lady Rebecca his Wife; and for settling divers other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of a greater Value, and which lie more convenient, in the same County, in lieu thereof:

An Act for enabling Henry Lee the Younger, Lee

Warner, to make a Settlement upon his Marriage:

An Act to amend several Defects in an Act of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Williatn the Illd, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Byde Esquire, an Infant, with the Consent of his Guardians, and next Relations, to make a Contraft for the buying in his Mother's Jointure; and to settle a small Estate in Great in the County of Hertford; and likewise for the securing and railing a Portion for Barbara Byde Spinster, Sifter of the said Thomas Byde; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and to enable the said Thomas Byde to raise Monies, and to make Leases, for the Purposes in the present Act mentioned:

An Act for uniting and consolidating the Rectories, Advowsons, and Parishes, of Melton St, Maries, and Melton All Saints, in the Diocese of Norwich, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act to enable William Booth Gentleman, to fell certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Chester, for Payment of the Debts of his Brother, with whom, and for which, he Hands bound; and for applying the Surplus, if any, of the Monies raised for such Purpose, towards Payment of his own proper Debts.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, pursuant to civil List their Address to her Majesty, an Abstract of the itevenu*. Accounts of net Money ariseu for Uses of the Civil Government, between the Eighth of March One thousand Seven hundred and One, and Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred and Twelve:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Abstract is follows;

ABSTRACT,

1

12

Ann.

6° Julii.

453

ABSTRACT of the Accounts of the net Money ariseti for Uses of he'r Majesty’s Civil Government between the 8th Mar. 1701 and Michaelmas 1712; excluding £.192,660 14*. 8 which in the same time

arose upon the same Branches, for Arrears incurred before the 8th Mar. 1701 j

viz.

Between 8 Mar. 1701 and Michaelmas 1702.

New Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage ..... Hereditary and Temporary Excise, ultra £.3,700 per Week -I.ctter-nioney - - - -'

LII fl-fhiits -

Tenths of the Clergy - -

Fines on Alienations - - - .

Wine-licences -

Sheriffs Proffers - -

Compositions - -

Fines of Leases * - -

Lands purchased by Richard Topham Esquire Rents on Grants

Seizures of uncuflomed and prohibited Goods -

Between Michaelmas 1702 and Michaelmas 1703.

New Snbfidy ——

Llereditary and Temporary Excise, alt. £.3,700 per Week Letter-money ——

Fit ft-fruits - -

Tenths - - . -

Fines on Alienations ——

Wine-licences ——

Proffers -

Compositions ——

Seizures -

Rents on Lands ——

Fines of Leases - -

Wood Sales -

Reuts on Grants

Fines for Mifdetneanors ——

Brewers Forfeitures ——

Hanaper Profits ——

Between Michaelmas 1703 and Michaelmas 1704.

New Subsidy ——

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, alt. £.3,700 per Week Letter-money ——

First fruits ——

Tenths ——

Fines on Alienations - -

Wine-licences ——

Proffers - -

Compositions ——

Seizures ——

Wood Sales -

Fines of Leases - -_-

Duchy Cornwall Revenue - -

Rents on Grants ——

Fines for Misdemeanors -

Imprest-money repaid per James Graham Esquire, on Account of Healing-medals ——

Post-fines, in Defalcation of the Farmers Rent -Hanaper Profits ——

Memorandum: The First fruits and Tenths were disposed by Letters* Patents, dated 3d November 1704, to the Corporation for the poor Clergy, pursuant to an Act 50 Anna.

Between Michaelmas 1704 and Michaelmas 1705.

New Subsidy ——

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, u £.3,700 Week Letter-money - -

Fines on Alienations ——

Wine-licences -

Proffers

Compositions -

Seizures ——

Fines of Leafts ——

Vv’ood Salts ——

More, being the Value of Timber delivered the Navy by the Surveyor

General of her Majesty’s Woods ——

Duchy Cornwall Revenue ——

Fines and Forfeitures ——

Rents 011 Grants - -

Hanaper Profits ——

Poll-fines, in Defalcation of the Farmers Rent -

£' 103,964 2 108,443. 4 27,541 14 L350 — 3,725 — 5°o — 1,300 — 316

.3 300 150 4

3,089

8

5

2

17

6

16

7

8

4

8

3i\

249,59° 11 it

262,634 17 —

59,704 8 2

3,446 *9 3t

7,903 9 . 11 xl

1,500 — —

- 4,100 — '

905 8 9

17 2 n

9,126 2 2

457 11 10

39° 12 2

- 420 — —

54t 14 7»

88 10 1

219 — 8

37 4 7

293,267 19 270,594 6 65,994 4,774 11,032 1,000 3,5oo 1,096 12

13,385 200 4,184

2,759 1,083 376

9

6

13

11

15

9

5»

' 7*1 4 11

6

iii

17

13

11

5

11

5f[ 3 ' 7

1,250 ——

0,276 ——

37 4 7

16,504

2,813

571

538

37

2 —

17 4

1 10|

8 8

9 7\

13 2

11

7 6

— 10

4 7i

4 7

250,690 It 2$

601,083 13 5

676,826 5 4*

217,685 5 4i

Vo l.!?

5Z

595,999 6 71

Between

454

<5* Julii.

Between Michaeltiiasi *705 and Michaelmas x 706.

New Subsidy - .....-

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, ult. £.3,700 per Week

Letter-money - - - -....

Tines on Alienations ——

Wine-licences ——

Proffers ——

Compositions - -

Seizures ——

Land Revenue ——

Rents on Grants -

Pott-fines, and other Fines and Forfeitures -Profits of the Hanaper - -

Between Michaelmas 1706 and Michaelmas 1707.

New Subsidy.....- -

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, ult. £.3,700 per Week Letter-money -

Fines on Alienations - - .-

Wine-licences -

Proffers * ——

Compositions - -

Seizures ——

Land Revenue -

Wood Sales, or the Value of Timber delivered the Navy by the Surveyor General of her Majesty’s Woods -Rents On Grants -

Fines and Forfeitures ——

Profits of the Hanaper ——

Imprest-money repaid

Between Michaelmas 1707 and Michaelmas 1708.

New Subsidy ——

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, ult. £.3,700 per Week Letter-money -

Fines on Alienations ——

Revenue on Wine-licences ——

Proffers -

Compositions ——

Seizures -

Land Revenue ——

Wood Sales -

More, being the Value of Timber delivered the Navy, Anno 1708

Rents on Grants - -

Fines and Forfeitures - - - - -

Hanaper Profits ——

Between Michaelmas 1708 and Michaelmas 1709,

New Subsidy - - - - 1 -

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, ult. £.3,700 per Week Letter-money -

Fines on Alienations - -

Wine-licences ——

Proffers ——

Compositions -

Seizures ——

Land Revenue ——

Value of Timber delivered the Navy, Anno 1709 -

Rents on Grants ——

Fines and Forfeitures ——

Profits of the Hanaper - -

Between Michaelmas 1709 and Michaelmas 1710.

New’ Subsidy ——

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, ult. £.3,700 per Week Letter-money -

Fines on Alienations ——

Wine-licences - -

Proffers -

Compositions ——

Seizures - -

Fines of Leases -

Land Revenue ——

Value of Timber delivered the Navy, Amo 1710 -

Rents on Grants ——

Fines and Forfeitures ——

Profits of the Ilanaper ——

Queen’s Share of a Debt recovered from the Crown of Portugal Between Michaelmas 1710 and Michaelmas 1711.

New Subsidy ——

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, ult. £.3,700 per Week

£ s:

209,459 9 10*

272,131 13 3? 60,743 *9 —

1,000 ——

3,600 ——

1,188 5 10

A. 1713.

J. s. d.

12 16 10

11,464 >6 6

2,952 16 6i

41 12 6

234 5 5

37 4 7

255.953 3: ill

28i,459 ,4 62

56,927 12 5

1,500

2.00° —

1,064 15 7

60 —

24,695 18 OS. - a,

1,225 7 7

10,306 10 6

41 16 8

832 7 2

27 4 7

6 4

223,113 8 li

292,190 11

56,880 n 2

1,400 —

2,800 — —

1,348 8 6 1

17.983 18 10

5.757 2 8

710 —

5,978 f 11

38 6 8

1,000 — —

37 4 7

231,222 10 81

265,980 18 10{

56,355 1 3

1,000 — —

2,500 — —

1,439 10 3i

3 6 8

14,797 3 —

928 6 9

4,110 4 10

187 3 4

764 — —

37 4 7

246,161 18 7t

228,608 17 2f

62,006 15 I

1,000 — —

1,900 — —

1,159 *5 1

3 6 8

13,595 8 11

760 3 4

858 17 5

3,954 2

33 6 8

625 — —

37 4 7

7,922 6 6t

192,701 1 31

224,893 17 1^ 1 U

562,867 — 4

637,000 15

609,244 1

579,325 10 31

568,627 2 3J

Letter-

Tobacco

Trade.

Supply Bill Exchequer Bills.

Civil List-

12 Ann.

6° Julii.

Letter-money ——

Fines on Alienations ——

Wine-licences ——

Proffers ——

Compositions -

Seizures ——

Fines of Leases -

Rents of I>ands - -

Value of Timber delivered the Navy ——

Rents on Grants of Light-houses, &c. - -

Fines and Forfeitures -

Hanaper Profits ——

Money paid in Causa Canfcientice -

Memorandum: From Michtclmas 1711 a weekly Sum of £.700 was, by an Act 9* Anna, charged on the Post-office, to raise Money for the Publick.

Between Michaelmas 1711 and Michaelmas 1712.

New Subsidy - -- --....

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, ult. £.3,700 per Week -Letter-money -

Proffers ——

Compositions ——

Seizures ——

Fines and Forfeitures -

Wihe-licences -

Fines of Leases -

Land Revenue ——

Alienations -

Rents on Grants -

Wood Sales ——

Duchy Cornwall Revenue ——

Hanaper Profits ——

Money paid in Causa Conscientiw ——

OBSERVATIONS.

From 8 Mar. 1701 to Michaelmas 170a, being 205 Days

From Michaelmas 1702 to Michaelmas 1709, being Seven Years -From Michaelmas 1709 to Michaelmas 1712, being Three Years -

The Medium of the 10 Entire Years makes, per Annum

The Medium of the Three last Years makes, per Annum

2d 1713.

C s. d. 69,937 * 7

1,650 ——

1,900 — — 1,171 3 8

.10 2 4

12,888 18 7

' 495 17 10 605 11 2

6,986 14 — -36 13 4

300 ——

27 4 7

10 ——

261,107 7 2

223,858 «5 7

54,260 12

1,123 4 11

9 6 8

14,520 3

>52 — —

1,800 — —

651 10 —

1>5'7 13 4

1,000 r —

36 16 8

630 — —

4,5°° — —

37 4 7

200 — —

Total

- 4,262,346 II 3

- 1,647,646 12 3

i- 6,160,683 M CO 1

- - 59°*999 6 4

" " 549’2i5. 10 9

455

s. A.

5i3>6i4 15 6

565,404 14

6,160,683 14 8£

250,690 11 5»9°9>993 3 6

Examined per Lowndes.

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging the Tobacco-trade; and for Ease of the Merchants upon Payment of the Duties upon Wine-bonds and Tobacco-bonds, was committed; be received upon Morning next.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committeeof the whole House, to whom the Bill to raise Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, for her Majesty’s Supply, by circulating a farther Sum in Exchequer Bills; and upon the Bill for enabling her Majesty to raise a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, on the Revenues appointed for Uses of her Civil Government, to be applied for or towards Payment of such Debts and Arrears owing to her Servants, Tradesmen, and Others, as are therein mentioned; were committed; the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to foine of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. 17.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by her Majesty’s The Queen Command, acquainted the House, That her Majesty, not having entirely recovered her Strength since her last stllPauls; Fit of the Gout, and being apprehensive that the Fatigne of going to St. Paul's Church, as llie intended, may be too great, chooses rather to return her Thanks to Almighty God, for the Blessings of Peace, in her Chapel at St. James's;but desires that this House will proceed >ut <jefires to St. Paul's Church with as much Solemnity as if her ou to

Majesty was to be in Person there.

Resolved, That this House will go from the House to Order of St. Paul's Church Tomorrow, to the Solemnity of the going, publick Thanksgiving.

Resolved, That this House will be going to their Places prepared for them in the Choir of St. Paul's Church, Tomorrow, by Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Ordered, That no Member do go into the Place of the Choir in St. Paul'sQhmc'w, provided for this House, before Mr. Speaker, and the House, come thither.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into Custody all and every Person and Persons, other than the Members and Officers of this House, that shall presume to press or come into the Place in the Choir in St. Paul's Ciiurch provided for the Members of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do appoint the several Doorkeepers to keep the Passages to the Places provided for the Members of this House in the Choir of St.

Paul's

456

Paul's CInirch; and that they do not presume to let any Perl'ons, but such ns are Members and Officers of the House, into the Places provided for this House.'

Ordered, That the Members do go to Paul's in their own Coaches with a Pair of Ilorfes only in each Coach.

Ordered, That no Hackney Coaches, Carts, or Drays, be permitted to go, Tomorrow Morning, bet when the Palace-yard, We,(minder, and Temple-bar, between the Hours of Nine and Two of the Clock; and that Mr. Speaker do iliac? his Warrant to the .1 oft ices "of the Peace, the Bailiff of U’e/t.’uiiijler, and other proper Officers, to prevent the fame.

Ordered, That for the more orderly Proceeding to the said Solemnity, and for preventing any Disorder therein, upon this Occasion, Mr. Speaker’s Coach do go first; and the Members Coaches follow his, one by one.

Ordered, That no Member’s Coach do go out of the Palace-yard before Mr. Speaker’s Coach.

Ululating llefolved, That this House will, upon Laud forces. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters; after the Committee, upon the Bill to vest in the Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and and Sub-

urbs thereof, as much of the Street near the May-pole in the Strand, in the County of as shall be

sufficient to build One of the said Churches upon; and to make effectual some Purchases of Lands, by them made, for Sites of Churches, Church-yards, and Miuif-ters Houses.

Sail-cloth Resolved, That this Hotife will, upon Manutafture. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain.

Patcrfon’s Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Claims. whom the Petition of Wm. Esquire is referred,

be received upon 27mrfdMorning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

A. 1713-

this Afternoon at Seven of the Clock, at her Palace at

Kensington.

Mr. Shackerlyreported from the Committee, to whom lywhion*

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to I-1*1- enable Sir F.dzvardLeighton Baronet to charge Ins

F.state with Four thou fund Pounds, preferable to S;x thousand Pounds already charged thereupon by Ins Marriage Settlement, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confeuts to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the I louse, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Shackerly also reported from the Committee, to Fiction whom the Bill for the farther continuing the Act, made bc'iurn* in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of the late King William, intituled, An Act to prevent fa lie and double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed, That they had made One Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the fume in his Place; and afterwards delivered tin* Bill, and Amendment, at the clerk’*

Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Right honourable Charles Earl of Farlof Arran in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Baron of Amin’s

in Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; ^’5 setting forth, That her Majesty having appointed the Petitioner to be Master of Ordnance in; that

the Petitioner, by reason of his Attendance on her Majesty, has not been able to go into said Kingdom toi take the Oath of Office to qualify him for Enjoyment thereof: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner to take said Oath in England-, ami to be qualified here for Enjoyment thereof.

Ordered, That Leave lie given to bring in a Bill* according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Annejley, Mr. Gzcwnn, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

6° — 7°- - 8° Julii.

Martis, 70 die Julii;

12* Anna? Regina:, 1713.

iloufe meet?, rI ' H E House being met, in Order to their going to and goes to X St. P aid’s Church to the Solemnity of the public k St. Haul*. Thanksgiving;

They adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii) 8° die Julii;

12* Annas Regime, 1713.

Prayers.

Answer to TV /TR- Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the AddretV. House, that their Address had been presented to

her Majesty, That Ihe would be pleased to direct an Estimate of the Number of Troops necessiiry in the Gurifons in Flanders till such time as the Trade there be settled upon an equal Foot between her Majesty and her Allies; and also an Account of the Charges thereof to be laid before this House; and that her Majesty had been pleased to give Orders accordingly.

Qr.cen ap- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also acquainted the aiteuded l°use, That her Majesty having been humbly waited upon to know when the would be pleased to beattended by this House; her Majesty had been pleased to appoint 14

An ingrossed Bill to raise Twelve hundred thou fund Supply Bill; Pounds, for her Majesty’s Supply, by circulating a far- j, xj1:ei!uer

ther Sum in Exchequer Bills; and for enabling her Ma- 1 ^_

jetty to raisea Sum, not exceeding Five hundred thou- Civil Lub sand Pounds, on the Revenues appointed for Ul’es of-her Civil Government, to be applied for or towards Payment of such Debts and Arrears owing to her Servants, Tradesmen, and others, as are therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 23. L. 30. After " Branches," to irifcrt " last:"

L. 37. To leave out " said," and insert

‘fame:"

Pr. 23. L. 17. After "Fund," to insert "last mentioned:"

L.20.To leaveout "said," and insert "finee:"

L. 44. To leaveout " said," and insert " fame:"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Qaelii m severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; ami the Bill amended at the'Fable accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Press last, L. lad but One, After " aforesaid," to insert " in the same Course as the same Debts became " due:"

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pnfs: And that the Title be. An Act to raile Twelve hundred thousand Pouml-for Publick Uses, by circulating a farther Stun in Exchequer

Fortifications at I><K*k-yards.

V

r

u Ann.

8" Juki.

457

quer Bills; and for enabling her Majesty to raise Five hundred thousand Pounds on the Revenues appointed for Uses of her Civil Government,’to he applied for or towards Payment of such Debts and Arrears owing to her Servants, Tradesmen, and others, as are therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Air. Bridges, from the Board of Ordnance, presented to the House, according to Order, an Account of the Effects in the Office of her Majesty’s Ordnance, for Purehale of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for erecting Fortifications for Security of the Docks at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich; and of the Proceedings that have been in relation thereunto:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

Office of Ordnance, 3d 1713.

An Account of the Effects in the Office of her Majesty’s Ordnance, for purchasing Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for eroding Fortifications for Security of the Docks at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harw ich; and of the Proceedings that have been in relation thereunto.

Remains now, in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Ordnance, in Stock of the South-Sea Company, for the Uses £. s. d. above mentioned, the Sum of - -41,002 3 9

The Proceedings that have been in relation thereunto are as followeth; viz.

Anno Septimo Anna: Regina, An Act passed, impowering Commissioners to treat and agree for suchLands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as llin.ll be judged proper to be purchased, for the better fortifying Chatham, and Harwich; in pursuance whereof a Commission was issued, under the Great Seal, dated thei7th Day of June, in the Eighth Year of the Queen’s Reign, appointing Sir Richard OnflowSpeaker of the House of Commons, Marquis of Winchester, Lord Lord IVm. Pawlett, Mr. Smith, Chancellor of the Exchequer, and divers others, appointing them, or any Five of them, to make Surveys of, and particularly describe, such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as are proper to be purchased for the Uses and Purposes aforesaid; and to treat and agree with the Owners of any such Lands, &~c. and to issue forth their Warrants to the Sheriffs of the respective Counties, to return sufficient Juries to inquire into the Value of such Lands, fife, and to return, and certify to her Majesty, into the Court of Chancery, such Verdict and Inquisition:

The Commissioners met, in pursuance of the said Art, at the several Places; and executed the said Commission; and returned the Inquisition into the Court of Chancery; and the Value of the Lands, Tenements, and tiered itaments, so returned, amounted to

£ 41,002. 3. 9.

By a Second Act, Anno Octavo Anna Regina, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for fortifying and securing the Harbours an d Docks at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich, it is Enacted, That it may be lawful for her Majesty to appoint Commissioners, under the Great Seal to determine all manner of Rights, Estates, and Interests, Controversies, Debates, and Questions, which should happen to arise between any Persons, relating to the Premises; as by the said Act does more at large appear:

In pursuance of the said Act, a Commission passed, under the Great Seal; but the Commissioners never have met; and nothing hath been done thereupon.

J. Hill, IVm. Bridges, D.

C.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table to beperufed by the Members of the House.

Vol. 17.

A Petition of the subscribed Proprietors of some Lands taken Lands and Tenements at Portsmouth, Chatham, and °Jt,1<lca' llarivich, which, by a late Act of Parliament, are veiled Dock-prds. in Trustees, for the Use ofher Majesty, for the better securing the Harbours and Docks at those Places, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, 8° Anna Regina, for veiling certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better fortifying and securing the Harbours and Docks at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich, the Petitioners Estates are vested in the Trustees therein named, for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs, and Successors; which Act provides, That Proprietors be paid for said Lands, fife, as agreed by Commissioners appointed, or valued bya Jury at each Place where suchAgreement could not be made:

Pursuant to said Act, her Majesty was pleased to appoint Commissioners under Great Seal, to put in Execution said Act; and, as informed, a sufficient Sum was given into Treasury of the Ordnance, for said Uses; yet Proprietors remain unpaid for their Estates, vested as aforesaid, since ioif\ April 1710; the Commission for settling

the Interests and Rights of Proprietors is not executed; nor the Commissioners ever met thereupon: That several of Petitioners Tenants upon passing said Act, ex-pefting the Houses near the Docks and Magazines to be pulled down, began to leave the Estates; and Petitioners being diverted of their Power to make Leases, to assure Tenants of their Continuance, can neither keep the old, or get new, Tenants; but forced to pay Taxes for said Estates Handing empty: That several of said Houses are built on short Leases, renewable, some at Seven Years, on paying Fines, most of which belong to Persons employed in her Majesty’s Docks or Ships, or Widows, fife, of such; and those which are old Houses,

Handing empty, run much out of Repair; some Leases forfeited, and others run out; the Proprietors having no Reason to pay Fines to renew, or lay out Money to rebuild or repair the Estates; being valued by the Juries, according to the Condition they were then in, at low Rates; which, by the said Act, they are fixed down to: That, the Houses and Lands lying under such hard Circumstances, Proprietors can’t lett, or settle to any Uses; nor mortgage, though some for want thereof are under pinching Necessities: And praying Relief therein, to prevent the Ruin of many Families.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Hungerford,

Mr. Cafar, Mr. CWi/ery, Mr. Freman, Sir Mr. Anfiis, Sir Geo. Newland, Mr. Newland, Mr. Man-ley, Sir Roger Moflyn, Mr. Bridges, Mr Colonel Stephens, Mr. WindJ'or, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Anne/ey,

Mr. Hart, Mr. Smith, Mr. Medlycott, Sir

Air. Goulston, Colonel Byerley, Mr Brigadier

Windsor, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Marryott, Mr. Sir IVm.

Whitbcke, Sir John Leake, Colonel Cage, Lord Harley,

Air. Shackerley, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Wright/on, Mr.

Guibbon; and all that serve for the Counties of Essex, Southampton, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And they have Leave to fit in a Morning.

Mr Anne/eypresented to the House, according to Or- Earl of Ar-

der, a Bill to enable the Earl of Arran of the Kingdom P*"’® <l"®Llfy* of Ireland, and Baron of Weston in England, to take the ing or ce* Oath of Office, asAlafter of her Majesty‘s Ordnance in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself, in

land, for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office: And the same was received; and read (he First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to nr^charch resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon in theStramU the Bill to vest in the Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches in and about London and Westminster.and

6 A Suburbs

t

45 8 8° — 9°

Suburbs thereof, as much of the Street near the Maypole in the Strand, in the County of as shall

be sufficient to build One of the said Churches upon;

Ordered, That itbe an Instruct ion to the said Committee, That they do receive a Clause to restore to Brazen Nose College, in Oxon, their Right of Presentation to the Churches and Chapels in the Parish of , which

was reserved to them by a former Act of Parliament.

Then the House resolved itself into the said'Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Annefey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Anne.(ley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Regulating The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Laud l-orces. ref0lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters;

And the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, } «5-

So it passed in the Negative.

Sir William Wyndham,') a Mr. Nicholas: ] 02

Tobacco

Trade.

Mr. Bertie, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging the Tobacco-trade; and for Ease of the Merchants upon Payment of the Duties upon Wine-bonds and Tobacco-bonds; was committed; the Amend-ments they had made to the Bill, and directed to be reported to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then as far as Clause B a Second time, one by one; the same were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B being read a Second time, That no Importer of Tobacco shall have any Abatement for damaged Tobacco imported; and that, if the Merchant refuses to pay the whole Duties payable on such damaged Tobacco, he is to have Liberty to bring the same before the Custom-house Officers, who are to burn the same publickly; and then the Owner to be discharged from any Duty charged thereon;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Clause, by leaving out " First Day of August 1713," and to insert, instead thereof, "25th Day of March 1714:"

And the Question being put, That these Words;

" First Day of August 1713 ;"stand Part of the Clause;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas $ Mr> lelleistor the Ieas,jMr

Tellers for the Noes, j JJr

} 47-} 45-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then a Debate arising in the House upon the said Clause;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Julii. y/.n 13.

Jovts, 90 die y;

12* Anna: Reginae, 1713.

Pray er s.

MR. Speaker reported. That he, with the House, Answto did Yesterday present their Address of the Third Addrel*. Instant to her Majesty; and that her Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer;

Gentlemen,

I thank you heartily for your Address; and I will give Directions, according as you desire.

Resolved, Nemine conlradicentc. That the humble Thanbon Thanks of this House be returned to her Majesty, for Aufw«. her most gracious Answer.

Ordered, That the said humble Thanks of this House be returned to her Majesty by the Members of thislloufe that are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Bill to enable the Earl of Arran of the Kingdom Earl of of Ireland, and Baron of Weflonin England, to take the Arran'sqc*

Oath of Office, as Master of her Majesty’s Ordnance in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself, in Eng- IC*‘ land, for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. nefley, Mr. Shackerley, Sir Roger , Sir Win.

Whiilocke, Mr. Hart, Mr. Ward, Mr. Sir

Robert Dovers, Mr. Aldzvorlh, Mr. General Rife,

Mr. Bruere, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Sccbell, Colonel Grahm,

Mr. Gzvyn, Mr. Medlycot, Lord Finch, Dr. Pafcc, Mr.

Pytts, Kir. Harvey, Sir Geo. Ne Mr. Mr. Windsor, Brigadier Windsor, Mr. Brydges, General Eckhjn, General Pearfe, General Stanhope, Mr. Hun-

gerford, Mr. Addison, General Webb, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Oglethorp, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Co:far, Mr. Moor, Mr.

Southwell, Mr Kerr, Lord Win. the Earl of

Hertford, the Earl of Thomond, Lord Harley, Sir Wm.

Withers, Sir Richard Hoare, Sir Tho. \lr. Mar-

riott: Aud they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Leave to fit in a Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Grelham* for enabling Sir Charles Gresham Baronet, to raise the Eltale-Sum of Five thousand Pounds, and Interest, and Maintenance for Eliz. the Daughter of his Brother,

Gresham Baronet, deceased; and to make Provision for his younger Children; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, Nvith an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Annesley, according to Order, reported from the n?w Chrch Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to veil in th»Su»w. in the Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and and

Suburbs thereof, as much of the Street near the May-pole in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, as flinll be sufficient to build one of the said Churches upon; and to make effectual some Purchases of Lands, by them made, for Sites of Churches, Church-yards, and Ministers Houses; was committed; the Amendment which they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Dill, with the Amendment, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

The House resumed the ad journed Debate of Yester- Tolucro day, upon Clause B, an Amendment to the Bill for Trade, encouraging the Tobacco-trade; and for Ease of the

Merchants

v

12 Ann. 9° — io°

Merchants upon Payment of the Duties upon Wine-bonds and Tobacco-bonds:

And the Clause was agreed unto:

And the rest of the Amendments were severally read a Second time; and upon the Question put thereupon, with feme Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That any Sum or Sums of Money issued, or to be issued, by the Paymaster General, or his Deputies, for Subsistence, and o n account of Pay, to any Regiment or Regiments abroad, whose Muster-rolls have been loft in their Passages, or otherwise, may be allowed to such Paymaster General on his Account, provided the same exceeds not the full Pay of such Regiment or Regiments for such time as the said Muster-rolls are wanting; and if any Regiment, Troop or Company, shall be charged with more than their Pay amount to for such time as aforesaid, such Over-payment to be transferred to the Account of such Regiment, Troop, or Company, where any Money shall appear due to them:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Cause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That Sir John Lambert Baronet, Samuel Shepheard, and the Executors of John James David, deceased, upon Payment of Monies due and Payable on Bills, accepted and given for Customs of 20 Tuns, Three Hogsheads, of Wine, embarked at Falmouth, and taken by a French Privateer, off of Beachy-head, in its Voyage to London, have Power to import as many Wines Custom-free, as the Duties on such Wines taken amounted to.

Then the Report of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir John Lambert, and others, was referred, was read:

Whereupon the Clause was brought up to the Table; and read the First time:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read: a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tillers for the Yeas, ^Shepheard: }to'-

Tellers for the Noes, sfrtkhni: }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was accordingly read a Second time; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, notwithstanding any Prohibition or Restrittion in any former Act of Parliament, to lend any Sum or Sums of Money to the Treasurers, Pay matters, and others, of the South Sea Company, on Credit of their Capital

Stock, at such Interest, and on such Transfers and Assignments, and Conditions of Redemption, as shall be agreeable to the Act of Parliament made for erecting the said South Sea Company:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to supply the Want of Muster-rolls for the Regiments at Brih nega:

And the said Clause was once read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause w as offered, to be added to the Bill, That nothing therein contained shall hinder the Merchants or Importers having the usual Allowance for damaged Tobacco; so as such Allowance do not exceed a certain Weight upon any one Hogshead; such small Allowance to be viewed and made in the Scale.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

Vol. 17.

Julii. 459

Then the Clause wa«, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for staying Suits in Law and Equity between Officers and Soldiers:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Bill was amended. Folio 6. Line 11 (as to Colls of Suit).

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to raise Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, for Publick Uses, by circulating a farther Sum in Exchequer Bills; and for enabling her Majesty to raise Five hundred thousand Pounds, on the Revenues appointed for Uses of her Civil Government, to be applied for or towards Payment of such Debts and Arrears owing to her Servants,'Tradesmen, and others, as are therein mentioned; without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Sir Charles Gresham Baronet to raise the Sum of Five

thousand Pounds, and Interest, and Maintenance for Elizabeth, the Daughter of his Brother, Sir Edward Gresham Baronet, deceased; and to make Provision for his younger Children.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition o {William Patter foil Esquire was referred, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majesty s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chapman took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.Chapman reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for explaining the A6is for licensing Hackney Chairs, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for licensing Hackney Coaches and Chairsdo attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veueris, 1 o° die Julii;

120 Annae Regin®, 1713.

Pray ers.

R. Amejley reported from the Committee, to Earlof Arran whom the Bill to enable the Earl of Arran of the 3uaJ‘/>lns Kingdom of Ireland, and Baron of Weston in England, ur ce'

to

Supply Bill;

Exchequer Bills.

Civil List.

Gresham's

Estate.

Sail-cloth

Manufacture*

Patterson’s

Claim.

Regulating Land Forces.

Licensing

Hackney

Chairs.

460

10° Julii. A. 1713.

to take the Oath of Office, as Matter of her Majesty’s Ordnance in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself, in England, for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office, was committed. That they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupn, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Defoury’s

Nat.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Simon Defcury, Peter Peter Laffite,

and others, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bracebridge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

New Church An ingrossed Bill to vest in the Commissioners for in the Strand, building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, as much

of the Street near the May-pole in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, as shall be sufficient to build One of the said Churches upon; and to make effectual some Purchasesof Lands, by them made, for Sites of Churches, Church-yards, and Ministers Houses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to vest in the Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches in and about and

Subarbs thereof, as much of the Street near the May-pole in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, as shall be sufficient to build One of the said Churches upon; and for restoring to the Principal and Scholars of shall, and College of Brazen Nose, in the University of Oxon, their Right of Presentation to Churches and Chapels in Stepney Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Annefey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

That the Petitioners daily discover Frauds put upon the Revenue by Importation of Sails made in foreign Parts, not only to Loss of the Duty payable for the Cloth, but to the Petitioners Trades: and praying Provision may be made in said Bill, to prevent the Importation of Sails manufactured abroad without paying the Duty.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain, is committed.

The House then resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bertie took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bertie reported from t the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning at Eleven of the Clock.

Sir Wm.Wyndham presented to the House, pursuant Garisons

to their Address to her Majesty, an Estimate of the Forces >" Flanders, necessary to be maintained in the Garisons in Flanders, with the Charge thereof, from the 24th of June to the 24 of December 1713:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

An Estimate of the Forces necessary to be maintained in the Garisons of Flanders, with the Charge thereof, from the 24th of June to the 24th December 1713.

SixBattalions of Foot, con- Number filling of 613 Men and Offi-> g , cers in each; making in all 7

One Major General, at 4«r. per Diem One Aid de Camp, at 1 or. per Diem Two Brigadiers, each 3or. per Diem Duputy Judge Advocate, at 10s.per Diem -

DeputyPaymaster, at 12 6d.perDiem Provost Marshal, at 6s. per Diem

Charge for

i84Days.

35,466 ——

368 ——

92 ——

552 ——

92 ——

115 ——

55 4 —

Total

36,740

4 —

Election An ingrossed Bill for farther continuing an Act made Returns. j, the Seven th Year of the Reign of the late King William,

intituled, An Act to prevent false and double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was read the Thirdtime.

Resolved, Tltat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of the late King William, intituled, An Act to prevent false and double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Shackerly do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of for Vortifi-1* *he subscribed Proprietors of some Land and Tenements cations at at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich, which, by a late

Dockyaids. Act of Parliament, are veiled in Trustees, for theUfe of her Majesty, for the better securing the Harbours and Docks at those Places, is referred, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sail-cloth The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Manufacture resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain:

A Petition of the Sail-makers in and about the City of Lmdonwas presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That a Bill is depending for laying a further Duty on all Canvas imported and used for Sails, for better encouraging British Sail-cloth; which is brought to great Perfection, anddeferves Encouragement of Parliament: 20

Memorandum: There will come in Aid of this Charge £.5,351. iij. od. given by Parliament, for Five

Months, for 1,000 Men more than are effective at

Dunkirk.

Wyndham.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Robert Davers, according to Order, reported from Patersons the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Pater- Claim. fan Esquire was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be now read.

The Report was read accordingly; and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee having taken into Consideration the Matters of the said Petition; wherein the Petitioner alleges, That lie hath been at great Expence and Pains, and sustained very considerable Losses, on account, and at the Instance, of the African and Indian Company of Scotland, for which the said Company was to make him Satisfaction out of their Stock and Profits;

That, by the 15th Article of the Treaty of Union, it is agreed. That the Capital Stock of the African and Indian Company of Scotland advanced, together with the Iniereft for the said Capital Stock, after the Rate 5 per Cent, per Annum, from the respective times of the

Payment

a

i a Ann. 10° Julii. 461

Payment thereof shall be paid; and the said Company " Aud in regard, that, since the Making of the First paterfon4* shall be dissolved, and cease; which has accordingly Contrails and Agreements, the said William Paler. Claim*, been paid and divided; but that the Petitioner hath hath been at further Expences, and sustained

not received Satisfaction for thofo his Services, Ex- other Losses and Damages, for and on Account of the pences, and Losses. " said Company; Be it therefore further Enacted, That

It appeared. That by an Act of the Parliament of " the said Judges of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland Scotland, intituled. Act for a Company trading to shall and are hereby required to take an Aqcount of Africa, and the Indies, there was a full Power given to " thofehis Expences and LolfeS, and likewise of his good the Commissioners therein named, or the major Part of " Services, and publick Cares; and make a full and fair them, to erect and establish that Company; and the Representation thereof to her Majesty;

Books, Records, and Registers, thereof or autheutick " And to the end the more full and free Inquiries Copies or Extracts of the fame, were thereby declared may be made, and Information had, of the Premises, to be good and sufficient Evidence in all Courts of the said Judges of the Court of Exchequer in Scot-Indicature, or elsewhere; by which and no other Cer- " land shall and may, from time to time, direct their tificates, the several Creditors and Proprietors have re- " Commission or CommiflTions to any Commissionier or ceived their respefitive Claims: " Commissioners within this Kingdom of Qrcat Britain,

That, by the ^Article of the Treaty of Union, it *f or Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging, is agreed, "That, in the first place, out of the afore- " for taking the requisite Examinations or Informations,

" said Sum, what Consideration shall be found necessary " to the Purposes aforesaid; and for reporting the same " to be had for any Losses which private Persons may to the said Judges of the Court of Exchequer in " sustain, by reducing the Coin of Scotland to the Sc

" Standard and Value of the Coin of England, may be That, pursuant to an Order of a former Committee "made'good: In the next place. That the Capital of this House, dated the 7th Day of 1710, the

" Stock, or Fund, of the African and Indian Company Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland " of Scotland, advanced, together with the Interest for did lay before them a Certificate, or an Account of the the said Capital Stock, after the Rate of Five Pounds Proceedings of the said Judges on the Petitioner’s " per Centum per Annum, from the respective Times of Claim; which Account, with the several DepoGtions " the Payment thereof, shall be paid; upon Payment and Extracts out of the Register-books of the said Com*

" of which Capital Stock and Interest, it is agreed, pany delivered therewith, have been read and proved:

That the said Company be dissolved, and cease; and by which it appears. That it was principally by the " also that, from the Time of passing the Act of Parlia- Petitioner’s Countenance and Influence that the Sum ment in England, for raising the said Sum 0^.398,085 of ^.300,000 was first, in the Beginning of November u 10s.the said Company shall neither trade, nor grant 1695, subscribed to the Capital Stock of the said Com Licence to trade; providing, That if the said Stock, pany of Scotland at London-, and the further Sum of and Interest, shall not be paid in Twelve Months after £.300,000 was subscribed in Scotland-, and that One " the Commencement of the Union, that then the said Fourth Part of the said several Sums was, at the time " Company may from thenceforward trade, or give Li- of Subscription, actually paid to the Company’s Order " cencd to trade, until the said whole Capital Stock, and Use:

" and Interest shall be paid That, in Consideration of those and former Services

That soon after the passing the Treaty of Union by the and Expences, the Petitioner was, by Contraft, to have Parliaments of both Kingdoms, the Parliament of Scot- Two per Cent. Premium out of the First Payment of the land did, by an Act, intituled, Act concerning the Pay- said whole Sum of£.600,000 so subscribed; and Three ment of the Sums out of the Equivalent to the African per Cent, of the Profits of the said Capital Stock for Company, among other things, limit and rest rift the Twenty-one Years:

Payment of such Interest of Five per Cent, per Annum That from the Journal of this House, of the a ift Day to the Fil’d Day of Map 1707, then next following; of January 1695, it appears, That during the time of the and the whole Sums of Principal and Interest to be paid Parliamentary Inquiries into, and Proceedings against, to the Creditors and Proprietors of the joint Stock of the said Subscriptions, taken at London, the Copy of a the said Company, to the grofsSum 0^.232,884 5 s.ids. Release from the Petitioner of the aforesaid Contraft for only; appointing Five of them, with their Secretary, to Two per Cent. Premium, and Three per Cent. Profits, state the Accounts of the Debts, and Stock advanced, of was delivered to the Committee of the then House of the said Company; but so as, in the Whole not to ex- Commons:

ceed the said grofsSum of£ 23®,884 5 s.$ds. on or be- That it doth not appear that any valuable Confi-fore the said First Day of May, upon severe Penalties; deration was given or paid for such Release; or that any by which Proceedings, in the Absence of the Peti- Original thereof hath ever been produced against the tioner, his Claim and Demands Upon the said Com- Petitioner’s Claim: But,

pany were left out, and omitted: That, by the above mentioned Depositions and Ex-

That, upon the Petitioner’s humble Application to tracts, it appears, That, at the Instance and Perfuftflon the First Parliament of Great Britain, it Was by an Act of the said Company, the Petitioner was afterwards pre-thereof, intituled, An Act for the further directing the vailed upon to leave his Effects and Business at London, Payment of the Equivalent Money, particularly de- then very considerable, to go to Scotland-, where, by dared and enacted, as follow; viz. his Countenance and Influence, the said further Sum of

" And whereas it appears, That the Accounts of the £.300,000 was soon subscribed:

" Stock advanced, and Debts due, by the African and That the Sums subscribed in London, and those in " Indian Company of Scotland, have been made up, Scotland, were always understood and reputed to be " without regard to the Claim of William Paterfoti Parts of the same joint Stock, and subject to the feme " Esquire, for his Expences, Pains, and Losses on ac- Rules and Conditions:

" count, and at the Instance, of the said Company; Be That, after the Subscriptions in Scotland Were Cdmit Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Omif- pleted, the Petitioner did not only continue very mtich " fion or Neglect of the Directors of the said Company, to support and promote the Company’s Affairs at home,

" or of others, concerned in stating, adjnfting, or cer- but was further prevailed upon to go to Holland and " tifying, the Claims or l)emands(upon the Equivalent, Hamburgh, to negotiate the transferring such Engli/lt *shall prejudice the Right, Interest, Claim, or Demand, Subscriptions as were relinquished:

" of the said William Paterson, in and upon the said That the Petitioner was still further prevailed upon to "Company; but that the several Sums due to him embark in the said Company’s Expedition to " by the said Company shall be certified, and there- where, by his Conduct and Credit, he ifiuch cototriupon fully satisfied and paid, in the Terms of the buted to the Support of that Colony whilst it subsisted:

" Treaty of Union, as the same shall be proved before the ' That, at his Return, he gave a particular Journal, or " aforesaid Judges of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland:Report, of his Negotiations and Transactions there:

Voir. 17. 6 B That

Pa ter foil’s Claims,

46 2

io° — 11° Julii.

A.i^n

That the Petitioner hath often expressed his Concern For the Lodes and Misfortunes of the said Company, and Inclination to do his utmol't towards having them repaired:

That by the Petitioner’s Account-current with the said Company, extracted out of their Books of Accounts, and, upon Oath, laid before the said Judges of the Court of Exchequer, by James Dunlop and John Summer, the Company’s Accountants, it doth not appear that the Petitioner hath received the said Two per Cent. Premium, or had Satisfaction of the said Company for his subsequent Services, Expences, and Losses, for and on their Account, either in pursuance of an Act and Proposal of the Court of Directors of the said Company, of the 6lh Day of October 1696, mentioned and expressed in the aforesaid Report and Extracts, or otherwise howsoever; only that the Sum of £.435 15 id\. remains in his Hands:

That it appears by the Journal of this House, of the 4th Day of March 1707, That the Substance and Merits of the Petitioner’s Claim was then fully proved j as now again repeated and confirmed by the before-mentioned further Proofs since made.

The Petitioner delivered to the Committee a State of his Claims; by which it appears, That by the said Two per Cent. Premium, with Interest thereof, at Five per Cent, and the Allowance of £.500 per Annum, for the Expence of himself and Family, from the said Sixth Day of November 1695 to the 25th of Mar. 1713, being above 17 Years; which the Petitioner likewise demands, as spent by him, either directly in that Company’s Service, or in continued Applications for this his Claim; there will be due to the Petitioner a Balance

£ 32>592 l5s- But,

It appeared to the Committee, That by the before-mentioned Proposal and Act of the Court of Directors of the said Company dated the Sixth Day of October 1696, the Petitioner was to have in their Capital Stock £.7,500 — —

That the Interest thereof, from the said 6th Day of October 1696 to the 25th

of March 1713, is - 6,175 15 —

That there ought to be allowed to the Petitioner, for his Expences from the said 6th Day of October 1696 to the 1 ft of May 1707, the time of the Diffo-lution of the said Company, by the Union, a Sum of 5,150 — —

I.ofles, in the Service of the late African and Indian Company of Scotland; and ought to be reimbursed, and have a Recompence for the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the £.18,241 lor. 10 \d.ought to be answered; and made good, to the Petitioner.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Regulating resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair:

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, £ Og

Tel, er.f.r,,eNoes,[

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chapman took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chapman reported from the Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill.

52.

*7*

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for explaining the Lieenfing Acts for licensing Hackney Chairs, be read the Third Hackney time Tomorrow Morning. Ciuur*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sab batty 11° Julii;

12* Annas Regina:, 1713.

Prayers.

Amounting, in all, to -

That there is charged upon the Petitioner, in the said Company’s Books of Accounts, the 7th Day of November 1701, a Sum of - 435 15 i f That the Interest thereon, from the said 7th Day of November 1701, to the

25th Mar. 1713, is - - 248 9 —

The whole Sum charged upon him is - 684 4 !-}

Which Sum of£.684 4J. i-f ought to be deducted out of the above Sum of

£.18,925 15* and there will be allowed ——

to the Petitioner - - - -£18,241 10 lof

AN ingrossed Bill to enable the Earl of , of the Earl of Kingdom of Ireland, and Baron of Weston in Eng- Arran’* land, to take the Oath of Office, as Master of her Ma- 3ua!^£,n^ d. jesty’s Ordnance in the Kingdom of , and to for lc*

- 18,925 15 — - qualify himself, in England, for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Right honourable Charles Lord Wefion, and Earl of Arran in the Kingdom of Ireland, to take the Oath of Office, as Mailer of her Majesty’s Ordnance in the Kingdom of Ireland, before the Barons of her Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at minster j and to qualify himself for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office.

Ordered, That Mr. Annefey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And that, upon Consideration of the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioner Wm. Pat erf an Esquire, hath been at great Expence and Pains, and sustained very considerable

An ingrossed Bill for explaining the Acts for licensing Licensing Hackney Chairs, was read the Third time. Hackney

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title t-luurs-be. An Act for explaining the Acts for licensing Hackney Chairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Mcdlycot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act P^'entm? to prevent the too frequent Denunciation of Excornmu-

mention cation.

v

ii Ann.

t °. — 130 Julii.

location in the Exercise of Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Tobacco An ingrossed Bill for encouraging the Tobacco*

Imde. trade; and for Ease of the Merchants upon Payment

of the Duties upon Wine-bonds and Tobacco-bonds; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. last, Line ro. To leave out " shall," and insert " may

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act for encouraging the Tobacco-trade; and for Eale of Merchants as to Wine-bonds and Tobacco-bonds; and for disposing of Goods lying long in her Majesty’s Warehouses for the Duties; and for explaining a former Act, as to a Duty of 15/, Cent, on certain Linens; and for allowing the making of Quarter Pieces of Linen in Scotland; and for discharging the Luflring Companyfrom sealing Luftringsand Alamodes to be made in Great Britain; and for continuing the Deputations of Custom-house Officers, notwithstamling the Death or Removal of any Commissioners of the Customs; and for Relief of Sir , and

others, in relation to the Duties of certain Wines taken as Prize; and for better enabling the Bank of England to lend Money on Stock of th Sea Company; and for the more effectual taking, dating, and determining, several Accounts relating to the Forces and Marines.

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Forces in Ordered, That the Report of the Commissioners ap-

Spain.&c. pointed to inquire into the number and Quality of the Forces in her Majesty’s Pay in Spain and Portugal; and to examine the State of the Payments and Accounts relating to the said Forces, and to the Garisons and Fortifications of Gibraltar and Port Mahon; and also the Accounts of the Agent Victualers, and Commissaries of Stores, in those Parts; be taken into Confnleralion upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Levi bond:

Mr. Speaker,

Defcnrys, The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by &c. Nut. this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Simon Dejiury, Peter Peter , and others.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

?=ail cloth Mr. Bertie, according to Order, reported from the . Manufacture- Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Fncouragement of the making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain, was committed,.the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, at the Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Reenlaiing The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Law! Force*. Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chapman took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Nr. Chapman reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-Vol. 17.

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Powell's whom the Petition of John Porcell, of London, Merchant, of was referred, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 130 die’julii^,

12* Anns Reginas, 1713.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act i^igiiton’s to enable Sir Edward Leighton Baronet to charge Eiiate. his Estate with Four thousand Pounds, preferable to Six thousand Pounds already charged thereupon by his Marriage Settlement, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Shackerley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Preventing to prevent the too frequent Denunciation of Excom- too frequent munication in the Exerciseof Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, 1‘x^ninuni* was read the Second time. a

ReJ'olvsd, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee have Power to receive a Clause to prevent Extortion in the taking of Fees for Proceedings in the Ecclesiastical Courts.

Ordered, That the Committee have Power to receive a Clause for the better qualifying Ecclesiastical Judges.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Soldiers, fcc. Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, exc Cif* An Act to enable such Officers and Soldiers as have been ra es* in her Majesty’s Service during the late War to exercii’e Trades; and for Officers to account with their Soldiers:

And the same were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

2 Pr. L. last, After " by," insert " producing his " Commission, or

3 Pr. L. 10. Before "false Certificate," insert " forged " Commission, or

At the End of the Bill, add Clause A:

Clause A: " Provided aluay’s, That neither this Act,

" nor an Act made in the 10th and nth Years of his " late Majesty King William the Third, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act to enable such Officers and " Soldiers as have been in his Majesty’s Service during the late War to exercise Trades; and for Officers to " account with their Soldiers; shall in any wise be prejudicial to the Privileges of the Universities of bridge and Oxford, or either of them; or extend to " give Liberty to any Person to set up the Trade of a " Vintner, or to fell any Wine, or other Liquors, with- in the said Universities, without Licence first had and " obtained from the Vice Chancellors of the same respectively."

Ordered, That Sir William Wyndham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Encouragement of Sail-cloth the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain, was read Manufacture, the Third time.

Resolved,

Regulating Land Forces.

Powe ll*s Riuht of Trade.

T-ands taken for Fortifications at Dock-yards

Parry’s

Name.

Constable’s

Estate.

Preventing too frequen Excommunication

464 130 — 14* Julii. 1713.

Refolded, That the Bill do paffs: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain.

Ordered That Mr. Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

Mr Chapman, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters; was committed; the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed to be reported to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, at the Table.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Report of the Amendments be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J } ?6'

Tellers for the Noes jj£faam. } M-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendments were accordingly read throughout; ami, being read a Second time, one by one, some of them were disagreed unto, and the Residue agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That *

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Po, of , Merchant,

was referred, be received Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the subscribed Proprietors of some Lands and Tenements at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Uarxvich, which, by a late Act of Parliament, are verted in Trustees, for the Use of her Majesty, for the better securing the Harbours and Docks at those Places, was referred, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mar (is, 140 die Julii;

Annas Regime, 1713.

Prat ers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Symes Parry to change his Name of Parry to Symes, according to the Will of John Symes

Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pals. Ordered, That Mr. Goulston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That the House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordtliips Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of several Lands and Tenements of John Constable Gentleman, in the County of . for Payment of his Debts; and for settling other Lands, in the same County, of a better Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Mead do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The TIoufe, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill

from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent the too frequent Denunciation of Excommunication in the Exercise of Ecclesiastical Juril'd id ion.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hungerford took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill For the better regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters; was read the Third time:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill, at the Table, by leaving out the Word Atignjl," throughout the Bill, inserting, instead thereof, the Word " July."

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Chapman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to vest in the Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches in and about London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, as much of the Street near the May-pole in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, as shall he sufficient to build One of the said Churches upon, with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And,

The Lords have agreed to the Billj intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Making of SaiK cloth in Great Britain, without Amendment. And, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable Charles Lord Weflon, and Earl of Arran in the Kingdom of Ireland, to take the Oath of Office, as Mailer of her Majesty’s Ordnance in the Kingdom of Ireland, before the Barons of her Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at and to

qualify himself for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office; without Amendment. And,

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining the Acts for licensing Hackney Chairs, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Powell, of , Merchant, was referred, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report of the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Number and Quality of the Forces in her Majesty’s Pay in Spain and and to examine the State of the Payments and Accounts relating to the said Forces, and to the Garisons and Fortifications of Gibraltar and Port; and

also the Accounts of the Agent Victualers and Comroiffaries of Stores in those Parts; be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hart reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the subscribed Proprietors of some Lands and Tenements at Portsmouth, Chatham and Harwich, which by a late Act of Parliament, are veiled in Trustees, for the Use of her Majesty, for the better securing the Harbours and Docks at those Places, the Matter, as it appealed to them; which they had directed him to report to

Regulating Land Force*.

New Church in the Strand.

Sail-cloth

Manufacture.

Earl of Arran's qualifying for Oilice.

Licensing

Hackney

Chairs.

Powell’s

Ri^ht of Trade.

Forces in Spain, 3c«.

Lands taken for Fortition^ tions at Dock-yards.

i2 Ann.. 14 ° 465

the House;'and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows;

That it appeared to the Committee, That, by an Act. of Parliament, passed in the 8th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for veiling certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trullees, for the better fortifying and securing the Harbours and Docks aforesaid, That the Petitioners Estates are veiled in Trullees therein named, for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors; which Act provides. That the Proprietors shall be paid for their said Lands and Tenements, as the same had been agreed for, by Commissioners appointed; or valued by a Jury, at each Place, where such Agreement could not be made.

That it further appeared to the Committee, That, pursuant to the said Act, her Majesty had been pleased to appoint Commissioners, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to put the said A ft in Execution:

And that there is a sufficient Sum of Money given, raised; and paid, into the Treasury of the Ordnance, for the Uses aforesaid.

That it also appeared to the said Committee, That the Petitioners nevertheless remain unpaid for their Estates, so veiled as aforesaid, ever since the 10th of April 1710, by reason the Commission for the respective Rights and Interests of the Petitioners not having been executed, nor the Commissioners ever met thereupon.

That the Committee further proceeded to examine Evidence; and called,

Mr. James Dixon, One of the Proprietors of Port/-mouth: Who said, That he had a Brewhouse, Lands, and other Buildings, which was, by Jury, valued at £.4,000, and that, depending upon this Agreement, he fuiced and brought his Affairs to a Compliance with the publick Service; which caused him to lose thestrong Beer Trade belonging to the said Brewhouse, which was very considerable; and that the said Brewhouse and Utensils run daily' to Decay, for want of necessary Repairs; and that there are Two Mortgages of £.1,100 Principal, besides Interest, upon the said Premises; and that he is prosecuted, both in Law and Equity, for the fame, and forced to pray Time of the Court of Chancery, for the Payment thereof, until this Agreement is made good to him, to his great Cod and Charge; and is further threatened with an Execution.

/ He further said. That there are several other Instances of the like Nature at Portsm and particularly mentioned the same of one Mrs. , who has Mills there valued at £.2,000, which was left, by her deceased Husband, for her Four Maiden Daughters, who remain unprovided for till the said Money is paid.

Mr. Andrw Hates, One of the Proprietors of

said, His Estate, conlilling of divers Messuages, Tenements, and Gardens, thereto belonging; which he holds by Lease of the Church of Rochester, wherein the Term of about 20 Years was then to come; lying very near the Storehouses belonging to the Dock, were very much out of Repair; and accordingly valued, by Jury, for the Sum of £.1,069. 4 s.6 d.and, being tied down to the said Sum, is discouraged from repairing, and now become very ruinous; and, not having been able to give any Assurances to his then Tenants for any certain Term of Years, Part of the said Premises immediately after became empty, and ever since hath so remained; and hath, notwithstanding, been obliged to pay Taxes for the fame; and others his Tenants, who have continued in the said Premises, have and do refuse to pay him any Rent, by reason the Profits arising by the said Premises being, by the aforesaid Act, veiled in Trullees, for the Use of her Majesty, is thereby disabled to distrain for the growing Rents.

Mr. Thomas Rogers, another of the Proprietors of

Chatham, said. That his Estate is valued, by the Jury, at £.2,554. 2 s.6 d.and is all in, Land, lying near the Dock-yard at Chatham, which is a considerable Distance from the Town; and he had lately, before the passing the said Act, laid out a Piece of Ground there for Build-Vot. 17.

ing; and there were several Streets began to be built there, containing above 100 Houses, by several Persons that purchasedthe Lands of him; but when the aforesaid A ft of Parliament parted, wherein there is a Clause that forbids the erecting any more private Buildings upon that Land, a full Hop was made to the carrying on his Improvements, whereby the said Streets remain not peifefted; and he is Sufferer more than £.1,000.

Mrs. Alice Tetvfon, and Mrs. Warren, Daughter of one Mrs. Rofeiocll, Two other Proprietors of Chatham, said, That their respective Estates, confiding of Houses and Tenements, lying near the Dock at Chatham, which they held by Lease from the Dean and Chapter, being both valued by the Jury; the'former at £.484. is.iSd. and the latter at £.772. 6r. 6d. and being respectively mortgaged, and daily in Expectation of receiving their Purchase-money; which hitherto having not been paid, the Mortgagees daily threaten to’prosecute them for the said Money; and the said Estates being all the Subsistence they have for themselves, and numerous Families, having many Children, are reduced to a deplorable Condition; and the said Dean and Chapter are pressing them to renew the said Leases; and, not complying, may take Advantage thereof.

And the Committee was further informed, That there were a great many more Instances of the like nature; and that divers other Proprietors, by reason of Poverty in not receiving their Purchase-money, were not in a Condition to give their Attendance here, in order to obtain Relief.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That lhe will be pleased to direct a new Survey to be made of such of the Lands and Tenements as are necessary for the Fortifications at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich, that are now in being, or for the Service of the Navy, or for the Victualing thereof, that they may be paid for; and also to enquire what Damages have been sufferedby the Owners of other Lands, that are not so necessary for the said Uses and Services, that Satisfaction may be made for the fame; and that her Majesty will be pleased to direct her Commissioners to proceed in the execution of their Commission for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s mOft honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Pytls have Leave to make a Motion; it being pall Two a Clock.

And he moved accordingly, Thatan humble Address may be presented to her Majesty, That flie will be pleased to issue her Royal Proclamation, requiring a due and strict Execution of the Laws against Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland to foreign Parts; and humbly to desire her Majesty, That the will be pleased to give such Reward, as her Majesty in her Wisdom shall think fit, to such Persons as shall discover any Exportation thereof.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That lhe will be pleased to issue her Royal Proclamation, requiring a due and strict Execution of the Laws against Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland to foreign Parts; and humbly to desire ber Majesty, That lhe will be pleased to give such Reward, as her Majesty in her Wisdom shall think fit, to such Persons as shall discover any Exportation thereof.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

6C

Lauds take* for Fortifications at Dockyard*.

Ditto*

ClaDdestine exporting of Wool.

+66

15" Julii. A. 171}.

Mercuriiy 15* Julii;

1 a* Anns Regin®, 1713.

Pkatkrs.

Ntw Church rpHE House proceeded to take into Consideration in the Strand. JL Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, an Act to vest in the Commissioners for building Filly new Churches in and about London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, as much of the Street near the May-pble in the Stin the County of sex, as shall be sufficient to build One of the said Churches upon:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question severally put hereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as follows; viz.

At the End of the Bill, add Clause marked A:

A: * And whereas John Walker Esquire, and Eliz. his Wife, claim to them, and to their Firliand other Sons,

and Heirs Males of their Bodies, and the Daughters of " the said John Walker and Eliz. his W ife, and the right Heirs of the said John and Mo-

" ther of the said John , and Sir Edward Ward

" Knight, Lord Chief Baron of her Majesty’s Court of "Exchequer, and Thomas Carter Esquire, Trufbcs for " the youngerChildren of the said John Walker, and his " Wife, a Right, Title, and Interest, to or in the Ground " or Soil of the Street lying over against several Houses " of theirs, fitunte some of them in Little " and others of them towards the Strand, viz. by the " Ground and Soil East wards from the Gutter or Kennel " running from the said Little Drury-lane to the great Gutter or Kennel which runs down to the to-

44 wards Strand-bridge, and Four Foot over, South of * the said Gutter or Kennel, and to and in the Fish- monger’s Shop adjoining to the Watch-house, in this " Ad mentioned, and the little Bridge lying over the " said great Gutter or Kennel, and to the Use, Benefit,

" and Advantage, of or by the said Ground or Soil; Be " it further enact<xl and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall in any fort extend to, or beconftrned to extend to, impeach, or prejudice any Right,

44 Title, Interest, Property, Claim, or Demand, which " the said John Walker, and Elizabeth his Wife, their said Children, or the Right Heirs of the said Mary Walker, his, her, or their, Trullees, or any or either of " them, at any time, had or ought to have, of, in, to,

44 or out of, the said Ground or Soil, or any Benefit or " Advantage made, or to be made, by, out of, or upon,

" the fame, or any Part thereof; but that all such their,

44 and every, or any, or either, of their, Right, Title, Interest. Property, Claim, Demand, Benefit, or Advantage, shall be, and is hereby, saved and preserved to them, and every of them, as if this Act had never been made; this Act, or any thing therein contained,

44..... Nevertheless, it is intended the said Com-

44missioners may treat and agree with the said Persons " for the Purchase of their Right, Title, and Inter efts,

44 before-mentioned, and take such Conveyance or Conveyances of the fame, as they, by virtue of the Acts in this Act mentioned, may do, with any other Persons, for the effecting the Purpose in those Acts,

44 or this Act, mentioned."

Ordered, That Mr. Annejley, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Preventing Mr, Himgerford, according to Order, reported from too frequent the Committee of the whole House, to whom the incation?111 WU* 8ro^ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent the too frequent Denunciation of Excommunication in the Exerciseof Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed to be reported to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill*

with the Amendments, at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follows; viz.

Pr. 1. Line 36. Leave out Exempt

Line 37. After Episcopal," insert or Exempt

Line38. After44 Judge,"insert44whatsoever:"

Line 40. Leave out by the Parish Clerk

Add, at the End of the Bill, Clauses A and B;

A: 44 And, for the better Administration of Justice in Courts Ecclesiastical, be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person, for the future,

44 shall be capable of being constituted, appointed orde- puted, Vicar General, or Chancellor, by any Arcli- bishop or Bishop, but such only as are Doctors of the Civil Law, so made in One of the Universities of Great Britain or Ireland; and are, or have been. Advocates Exercent in One of the Courts of the Archbishops for the Space of Two Years: And that no Person for the future shall be capableof being constituted, appointed,

44 or deputed, Commissary, or Official, of any Episcopal,

44 Archdiaconal, or Exempt, Jurisdiction, but such only as are Doctors, or Bachelors, of the Civil Law, so made in one of the said Universities; and are or have been Advocates Exercent, or Pradifers as such, in " One of the Courts of the said Archbishops, or in the Consistory Court of some Bishop of this Realm, or Kingdom of Ireland, for the Space of Four Years;

44 any Law, Canon, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding."

B: 44 And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fees shall be demanded by, or paid to, the Officers in the said Ecclesiastical Courts,

44 other than are legal and customary; and in case any Officer or Officers, in any of the said Courts, shall take any more than such legal and customary Fees, he or they so receiving the same shall forfeit to the Person grieved, treble the Sum so received, and also the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered, together with Colls of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty’s Courts of Record,

44 wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law,

44 shall be allowed, or more than One Imparlance."

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Forces in Report from the Commissioners appointed to inquire into sPain» &c-the Number and Quality of the Forces in her Majesty’s Pay in Spain and Portugal; and to examine the State of the Payments and Accounts relating to the said Forces, and to the Garifonsand Fortifications of and

Port Mahone; and allb the Account of the Agent Victualed and Commissaries of Stores in those Parts.

And the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into farther Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Preventing to prevent the too frequent Denunciation of Excommu- to° frequent nication in the Exercise of Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, ~£‘°'nmunj was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerfard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendment*: To which they desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Regulating Land Forces.

Parry's

Name.

Ele£ion

Returns*

Poor Belief.

Regulating Laud Forces.

Proclamation for dissolving Parliament*

12 Ann. i 6° JuJii467

Jovis, 16° die Julii;

12* Ann* Regin®, 17x3.

Pray e r s.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Fonpes to be pontiqued in her Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, fnac|e by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Symes Parry to change his Name of Parry to

Symcs, according to the Will of John Symes Esquire, deceased. And,

The Ixxrds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act . for mnking perpetual an Act, made in the 7th Year of the Reign of the late King William, intituled, An Act to prevent false and double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, without any Amendment. And,

Tlxe Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, Alt Act for making perpetual the Act, made in the 13 and x 4th Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom; and that Persons bound Apprentices to, or being hired Seryants with, Persons coming with Certificates, shall not gain Settlements by such Services, or Apprenticeships; and for making perpetual the Act, made in the 6th Year of her present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Importation of Cochineal from any Ports in Spain, during the present War, and Six Months longer; and for reviving a Clause in an Act, made in the 9th and 10 Years of the Reign of the late Kin g William, intituled, An Act for settling the Trade to Africa, for allowing foreign Copper Bars imported to be exported; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into ConsiderajLion the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters:

And the same were twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

1 Pr. 17 and 18 Lines, Leave out "within this " Realm, or the Kingdom of Ireland

43 Line, Leave out " wherein/’ and insert " where to:"

2 Pr. L. 6. Leave out " does belong:"

19 L. After " Realm," insert " or the Kingdom of Ireland:"

22 Pr. 28 L. After any," insert ofand, after " Dominions," insert " beyond the Seas, or elsewhere:" L. 29. After " except," insert in:"

L. 36. After " Dominions," insert " beyond the Seas, or elsewhere."

Ordered, That Mr. Chapman do carry the Bill to the Lards, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That their Addresses had been presented to her jesty, relating to Portsmouth, Chatham, and and alft> for ifiupxg tyer Royql Ploclqmation for preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland to foreign Parts; and that her Majesty had been pleased to direct accordingly.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Number and Quality of the Forces in her Majesty’s Pay in Spain and Portugal-, and to examine the State of the Payments and Accounts relating to the said Forces, and to the Garisons and Fortiqpqtjons of Gibraltar and Port Mahone-, and also the Accounts of the Agent Viftnalers and Commissaries of Stores in those Parts:

And several Parts of the said Report, relating to General Stanhope, were again read, at his Desire;

Fol. 24. and 25. relating to Two Payments to the Count and Countess D'Oropefa, and to £.2,000 paid Mr. Stanhope:

Fol. 32. and 33. relating to the Coinage in Spain: Fol. 64. relating to the Abatement out of the Pay of the Portuguese Troops.

Then her Majesty’s Instructions to Mr. Stanhope, her General in Spain, relating to his furnishing Provisions to the Portuguffe Troops, were read; as also a Letter, dated 20 of October j 708, from the Earl of Sunderland to Mr. Stanhope:

And General Stanhope was heard in his Place. Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Commissioners appointed to take, examine, and determine, the Debts due to the Army, Transport-service, and Sick and Wounded.

A Message from her Majesty, by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands thishonourable House to attend her Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker went up, with the House, to attend her Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where her Majesty was pleased to give the Royal A Cent to several publick and private Bills:

After which her Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And afterwards the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, by her Majesty’s Command, said;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is her Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament be prorogued to Friday the 28th Day of August next: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Friday the 38th Day of next.

By the QUEEN.

A PROCLAMATION

For dissolving this present Parliament, and declaring the speedy calling another.

ANNE R.

WHEREAS we have thought fit, by and with the Advice of our Privy Council, to dissolve this present Parliament, which now Hands prorogued to Friday the Eight-and-twentieth Day of this inllant August: We do, for that End, publish this our Royal ^Proclamation; and do hereby difiblve the said Parliament accordingly: And the Lords Spiritual and Vo 1. 17.

Temporal; and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and Commissioners for Shires and Barghs of the House of Commons; are discharged from their Meeting on Friday the said Eight-and-twentieth Day of this instant August. And we, being resolved to meet our People, and have their Advice, in Parliament, do hereby make known to all our loving Subjects, That we will speedily call a new Parliament.

Given at our Court at Hampton he Eighth Day

of August 1713, in the Twelfth Year of our Reign.

GOD save the Queen.

Answer to Addiefies*

Forces itt Spain, See*

Royal A (lent to Bills.

The Queen's Speech.

Parliament

prorogued.

Proclamation for a new Parliament.

Proclamation

proroguing

Parliament.

Lord

Steward’s

Deputation

JOUR N A L S

OF THE

HOUSE (/COMMONS.

By the QUEEN.

A PROCLAMATION Per calling a new Parliament.

ANNE R.

WHEREAS by our royal Proclamation, bearing Date the Eighth Day of this Month of August, we did difiolve the Tall Parliament, and declared our Intentions of speedily calling a new one: We do accordingly hereby further declare, that with the Ad-

vice of our Privy Council, we have this Day given Order to our Chancellor of Great. , to issue out Writs, in due Form, for the calling a new Parliament; which Writs are to bear Tejle the Eighteenth day of this Inllant August, and to be returnable on Thursday the Twelfth Day of November next following.

Given at our Court at Wind, the Seventeenth Day of August 1713, in the Twelfth Year of our Reign.

GOD save the Queen.

By the QUEEN.

A PROCLAMATION For proroguing the Parliament ANNER.

WHEREAS we have caused our Writs to be issued for the Calling of a Parliament to meet and be.holden. at Westminster, on the Twelfth

Day of November next following; We, by the Advice of our Privy Council, do hereby publish and declare, That the said Parliament shall be prorogued, on the said Twelfth Day of November, to Thursday the Tenth

Day of December next ensuing: And we have given Order to our Chancellor of Great Britain to prepare a Writ Patent, under our Great Seal, for proroguing the same accordingly: And we do hereby further declare, That convenient Notice shall be given, by Proclamation, of the Time when the said Parliament shall be holden, and fit, for the Dispatch of Business; to the end that the Members of both Houses may order their Affairs accordingly.

Given at our Court at Windsor, the Eighteenth Day of October 1713, in the Twelfth Year of our Reign.

GOD save the Queen.

OHN Earl Poulett, High Steward of her Majesty’s my Deputies, and Deputy, in my place and (lead, to J Houshold, Knight of the most Noble Order of the tender and admin iller the Oaths mentioned in the Statute, Garter, and One of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Ma-Council, To All, to whom these Presents thall come, jellies King William and Queen intituled, An Act Greeting. Know ye, That I, the said Lord Steward, for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have con- concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present stituted, named, and appointed, and by these Presents do; Parliament, according to the Direction of the said Statute, constitute, name, and appoint, the Right honourble and of all and every other Statute and Statutes directing George hord Lansdown-, the Right honourable Samuel the taking the said Oaths before me, to all and every Lord MaJJiam; the Right honourable Sir William Wynd- Person and Persons, which is, are, or shall be, elected or ham, Chancellor of the Exchequer; the Right honour- appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of able Sir John Stonehouse, Comptroller of her Majesty's; the Five Ports, or Commissioners for Shires or Burghs,

Houshold, Sir William Drake Baronet, One of the Lords for the Parliament summoned to begin, and to be holden Commissioners of the Admiralty;the honourable Francis the Twelfth Day of November One thousand Seven hun-Gtvyn, Secretary at War; and Thomas Harley Esquire; dred and Thirteen; and to take and receive the Oaths of or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, all and every of the said Person and Persons, which is,

- are

Parliament

meets.

Members take Oaths.

Parliament further prorogued.

ta Anh.

i 2° Novembris. — 10"

are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen,' Btirgefs, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for Shires or Burghs, as aforesaid, for the said Parliament; giving them, Six, Five, Fotlr, Three, Two, or One of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the fame; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my said Deputies, or Deputy, any, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, shall do and perform in this behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full. Manner, as if I myfelfhad personally been present, and done

the fame: In Testitnony whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal. Given this Seventh Day of November, in the Twelfth Year of the Reign ot" out Sovereign Lady Anne, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Queen, Defender of th* Faith, afc. Arinti Domini 1713.

Poulett (L. S.J

Sealed and delivered in the Presence of

Samuel Beard.

Jovisj 12° die Novembris;

Anno 12® Annae Reginae, 1713.

THE Parliament meeting, pursuant to the before annexed Proclamations, and to the Writs which had issued for that Purpose, the Right honourable John Earl , Lord High

Steward of her Majesty’s Houshold, and one of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, having made the Firil before annexed Commission, or Deputation, under his Hand and Seal, bearing Date the 7th Day of No* vemberInstant, for administering the Oaths appointed to be taken by the Members of the House of Commons; and thereby constituted, named, and appointed, the Right honourable George Lord Lanfdoione, the Right honourable Samuel Lord Masham; the Right honourable Sir fVm. Wyndham, Chancellor of the Exchequer;

the Right honourable Sir John Sionehouse, Comptroller of her Majesty’s Houshold; Sir . Drake Baronet, One of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty; the honourable Francis Gwynn, Secretary at War, and Thomas Harley, Esquires; or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them; his Deputies, or Deputy, in his place and (lead, to tender and administer the said Oaths, and the said Commissioners, in the said Commission named, except Sir John attending in

the Rooms belonging to the Clerk of the House of Commons, commonly called the Inner Court of Wards, the usual Place for administering the said Oaths at the Opening of a Parliament; arid George Wrighle Esquire, the Clerk of the Crown inChancery, having delivered in a Book of the Names of the Members who had been returned to serve in Parliament; and Paul Jodrell tfquire, the Clerk of the House of Commons, and Mr. Stables, Clerk Assistant, and the other Clerks, attending, according to their Duty; the Lord nr, and

Lord Masham, did, in the First Place, administer the said Oaths to the other Commissioners, being Members of the House of Commons, in the said Commiflkm named; and then the said Commissioners did administer the said Oaths to such other Members as appeared; who taking Notice, by the Proclamation' bearing Date the 18 th Day of October 1713, hereunto also annexed. That the Parliament was to be prorogued, by Writ directed to

the Lords and Commons, they went directly, without going into the House of Commons, of expelling anjf MefTage from the Lords, to the House of Peers: Whefd the Writ, for proroguing the Parliament, until Thursday the 10th Day of December next, was read; and is as foil.;

ANNAR.

ANNA, Dei Gratia, Magnae Britannia, Fran’, etHi- Parliament hernia, Regina, Fidei Defenfor, &c. Pradileftis et fide- Proro8uw* libus noftris pralatis, magnatihus, et proceribus, regni nostri Magn’ Britannia, ac diledtis et ftdelibus noftris tnilitions, embus, burgenfibus, et commissionar’ pro comitat’ et burg’ didii regni nostri, ad parliament’ nof-trum apud civitat’ noftram Westm’ duodecimo die in* stant’ mensis Novembris inchoand’ et tenend’ ctmvo* catis et e led is, et vestrum cuijibet, fa! u tern. Cum nos* pro quibnfdam arduis et urgentibus negotiis, nos, fiatiim et defenGonem dicti regni nostri Magn’ Britdn’ et eedes* concernen’, didtu’ Parliamentum nostrum ad diem et locum prad’ teneri ordinavimus; ac vob’, per separal’ brevia nostra, apud civitat’ et diem prad’ interesse man-davimus ad tradand’, consentiend’ et concludend’, fupef iis, qua in dido parliamento noftro tunc et ibidem pro* ponerentur et trac arentur; quibnfdam tamen certis de caufis et considerationibus, nos ad prafens specialit’mo-ven’, did’ patliamentu’ nostrum usque diem Jovis, deci-mumdiemDecembrisprox’futur’, duximus prorogand’; ita quod nec vos, nec aliquis vestrum, ad didu’ duo-decimumdiemNovembrisapudcivitat’ prad’ comparere teneamini feu ardemini: Volumus enim vos, etquem-libet vestruth, ittde erga nos penitus exonerari; man-dantes, et tenore prafentiu* firmiter injungend’ praci-pientes, vob’, etcuilibet vestrum, ac omnibus aliis, qui-bus in hac pAfte interfit, quod ad didu’ decimu’ diem Decembris apud pradid’ civitat’ Westm’ personalitet eompareatis et interfttis, et quilibet vestrum comparrease et interfit, ad tradand’, faciend’ agend’ et concluden<T, fnper iis, qtla in dido parliamento noftro de communi consilio didi regni nostri (favente Deo) contigerint or-dinari. Telle meipfa, apud Westm’, primo die Novern-bris, afttto regni nostri duodecimo.

Breve ad parliament’ (deprima fammon’) prorogand’.

W R 1 g ri T E.

jovis> io# die Decembris;

Anno 12® Anna Regina, 1713.

THE Right honourable John Earl Poulett, Lord High Steward of her Majesty’s Houshold, came, about Twelve of the Clock, into the Court of Wards; and, being attended by the Clerk of the House, and Clerk Assistant, and other Clerks, did, in Person, administef the Oaths, appointed to be taken by the Members of the House of Commons, to such of fhein as this Day appeared, and had nt>t been sworn before.

And the Members being informed. That the Parliament was to be further prorogued, by Writ, directed to the Lords and Commons, they went to the House of Peers, without going into the House of Commons, or expecting any MefTage from the Lords: Where the said VOL. 17.

Writ, for proroguing the Parliament until the

12th Day of January next, was read; a Copy of which Writ is as follows; viz.

ANNA R.

ANNA, DeiGratia, Magn’ Britan’, Franciae, et Hi-bernise, Regina, Fidei Defenfor, &c. Preedilediis et fide-libus noftris praelatis, magnatibus, et proceribus, regfti nostri Magn* Britan,’ ac diledtiset fideiibus noftris. mili-tibus, civibus, burgenfibus, et commission’ pro comitat* et burg’ dicti regni nostri ad Parliamentum nostrum apud civitat’ noftram Weltm’ decimo die Decembris prox,’ futur’ tenend’. convocatis et electis, et vestrum cuiiibet, ialdtem. Cum nos, pro quibufdam arduis et urgentibus negotiis, nos, statum et defenfionem regni nostri Magnas Britannia; ac cedes’ concernen’, dictum parliamentum nostrum duodecimo die hiijus instant’ Novembris apud

6 D civitai’

Members take Oaths.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Proclamation for meeting of Parliament*

470 i o°

civitat’ pried’ teneri ordinavimus; ac vobis, per separa-lia brevia nostra, apud civital’ et diem praed’ interest'e mandavimus, ad tracland’, consentiend’, et concludend’, super iis.quse in di&o parliamento nofiro tunc et ibidem proponerentur et tractarentur; cumque nos, per breve nostrum, certis de caufis et considerationibus, nos ad lioc specialit’ moyen’, dictum parliamentum nostrum ab eo-dem duodecimo die Novembris usque ad et in decimu’ diem Decembris praed’ duximus prorogand’; ita quod nec vos, nec aliquis vestrum, ad dittu’ duodecimum diem Novembris apud praedift’ civitat* comparere tenea-mini feu arftemini; volentes vos, et quemlibet vestrum, inde erga nos penitus exonerari; et per idem breve, vobis, et cuilibet vestrum, ad di&um decimum die’ De-cembris apud civitat’ priedict’ comparere et interest’e nuperrime mandavimus, ad trastand’, faciend’, agend’, et concludend’,super iis, quae in ditto parliamento noftro contigerint ordinari; quibufdam tamen certis urgenti-bus de caufis et considerationibus, nos ad hoc specialit’ moyen,’ dittu’ parliamentum nostrum a decimo die

12* Januarii, . 1713*

Decembris praed’ usque ad et in diem Martis, duodeci-muni diem Januarii prox’ futur’, ulterius duximus pro-rogand’; ita quod nec vos, nec aliquis vestrum, ad dictum decimum diem Decembris apud civitat’ praeci’ comparere teneam ini feu arttemini: Volumus euim vos, et quemlibet vestrum, inde erga nos penitus exonerari; mandantes, et tenore pral’entiu’ firmiter injungend.’ pra;cipientes, vobis, et cuilibet vestrum, ac omnibus aliis, qmbus in hac parte interfit, quod ad dittum duodecimum diem Januarii apud praed’ civitat’ Wefun’ personalit’ compareatis et interfitis, et quilibet vestrum compareac et interfit, ad trattand’faciend’, agend’, et concludend’, super iis, qute in ditto parliameuto noftro de communi consilio ditti regni nostri (favente Deo) contigerint ordinari. Teste meipfa, apud Westm’, vicesimo Octavo die Novembris, anno regni nostri duodec’.

Breve ad Parliament’ (de secunda summon’) proro-gand’.

W B I G H T £.

Martis, 12° J anti aril I et concludend’, super iis, qure in dicto parliamento

noftro tunc et ibidem proponerentur et tra&arentur; Anno 12* Ann® Reginas, 1713* cumque nos, per breve noltrum, certis de caufis et con-

THE Right honourable John Earl Poulett, Lord siderationibus, nos ad hoc specialit’ moyen’, dittu’ par-High Steward of her Majesty’s Household, came, Immentu’ nostrum ab eodem duodecimo die Novembris about Twelve of the Clock, into the Place aforesaid; uf9ue ad et m decimum diem Decembris ult’ pneterit’, and, being attended by the Clerk of the House, and et abinde, per al’ breve, usque et ad m duodecimum diem the Clerk Assistant, and other Clerks, did, in Person, ad- mstant’ Januarii, duximus prorogand’; ita quod

minister the Oaths appointed to be taken by the Mem- nec vos> nec ahquis vestrum, ad ditt’ dies apod praed’ hereof the House of Commons, to such of them as this c,vitat’ comparere teneamim feu arttemini; volentes Day appeared, and had not been sworn before. vos» et quemlibet vestrum, mde erga nos penitus exone-

And the Members taking Notice, by a Proclamation, *'ar’; et, per idem breve, vobis et cuilibet vestrum, ad bearing Date the 3d Day of this Instant, That the Par- d‘anm duodecimum diem Januarii apud civitat’ praed’ liament was to be further prorogued by Writ, directed comparere et mtereffe nuperrime mandavimus, ad trac-to the Lords and Commons, they went to the House of tand’> faciend’ agend’, et concludend’, super l.s, qne in Peers, without going into the House of Commons, or d*cl° parliamento noftro contigerint ordinari; quibut-expetting any Message from the Lords: Where the said de,n. tameu certis urgentibus de caufis et considera-Writ, for proroguing the Parliament until TueJdmj the tionibus, nos ad hoc specialit moyen , dittum parlia- 16th Day of Februarynext, was read; a Copy of which n,ent’ nostrum a duodecimo die hujus instant’ Januarii Writ is as follows viz. usque diem Martis, decimum fextum diem Februarii

jam prox’ futur’, ulterius duximus prorogand’; ita quod ANNA R. nec vos, nec aliquis vestrum, ad dittum duodecimum

ANNA, Dei Gratia, Magn’ Britan’, Francite, et diem Januarii apud civitat’ praed’ comparere teneamini Hiberniae, Regina, Fidei Defenfor, &c. Prsedilectis et feu arttemini: Volumusetiam vos, et quemlibet vestrum, fidelibus noftris pnelatis, magnatibus, et proceribus, inde erga nos penitus exonerari; mandantes, et tenore regni nostri Magna: Britannise, ac dilettis et fidelibus praefentiu’ firmit’ injungend’ priecipientes, vobis, et noftris militibus, civibus, burgenfibus, et commissionar’ cuilibet vestrum, ac omnibus aliis, quibus in hac parte pro comitat’ et burg’ ditti regni nostri, ad parliamentum interfit, quod ad dittum decimum fextum diem Februarii nostrum apud civitat’ noftrara Westm’ duodecimo die apud pried’ civitat* Westm’ personalit’ compareatis et hujus instant’Januarii tenend’convocatis et elettis, et interfitis, et quilibet vestrum compareat et interfit, ad vestrum cuilibet, salutem. Cum nos, pro quibuldam trattand’, faciend’ agend’, et concludend’, super iis, qtiav arduis et urgentibus negotiis, nos datum et defenfionem in ditto parliamento noftro de communi consilio dicti regni nostri Magnae Britan’, ac eccles’, concernen’, die- regni nostri (favente Deo) contigerint ordinari. Telle turn parliamentum nostrum duodecimo die Novembris meipfa, apud Westm’, secundo die Januarii, anno regui ult’ pneterit’ apud civitat’ pried’ teneri ordinavimus; uoltri duodecimo.

ac vob’, per separal’ brevia nostra, apud civitat’ et diem Breve de ulterior’ prorogand’ parliament’,

praed’ interest’e mandavimus, ad trattand’, consentiend’, Wrichte.

By the QUEEN.

A PROCLAMATION.

ANNE R.

WHEREAS our Parliament, which we called to meet at Westminster, on the 12th Day

of November last, Hands prorogued to Tuesday the Twelfth Day of this Instant January: We, with the Advice of our Privy Council, do hereby publilli and declare, That the said Parliament shall be further prorogued, on the said Twelfth Day of this instant,

to Tuesday the Sixteenth Day of February next: And we have given Order to our Chancellor of Britain

to prepare a Writ Patent, under our Great Seal, for proroguing the same accordingly: And we do further hereby declare our Pleasure, That the said Parliament shall, on the said Sixteenth Day of , be held,

and fit, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and impor- ’ tant Affairs: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are hereby required and commanded to give their Attendance accordingly, at on the said

Sixteenth Day of February.

Given at our Court at Windsor, the Third Day of January 1713, in the 12 th Tear of our Reign.

GOD save the Queen,

12 Ann. i 6°Februarii. 471

lord ( <y 0II N Earl Poulett, High Steward of her Majesty’s

ife^uuttum. J Houshold, Knight of the most noble Order of the Garter, and Oneof her Majesty’s most honourable Privy-

Council, To all to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting: Know ye, That I, the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and, by these Presents do constitute, name, and appoint the Right honour, able Peregrine Lord Willoughby; the Right honourable Sir William Wyndham, the Right honourable Sir John Stonehuufe, Sir Wm.Drake, Sir John Walter, Sir John Mordaunt, Sir Edward Sir William Pole, Sir

Arthur Kay. Sir Fulworth Sir Jacob Ajlley,

Sir Edward Godere, Sir Nicholas Morice, Sir Alexander Cummins, Sir Pynfent , Sir Robert

Sir 77/o. Wheat, Baronets; the honourable James Bertie, Henry Bertie, James Murray, Esquires; Sir William Withers, Sir Richard Hoar, Sir William Whitlocke, Sir John Cafs, Knights; Edward Harley, Francis Gwyn, Thomas Harley, Arthur Moor, John Ward, Charles Cox, Frederick Herne, Richard Foley, Simon Ilartcourt, John Mitchell, John Conyers, Edward Nicholas, Henry Campion, Francis Annejley, William Wrighifon, Charles Oliphant, Thomas Edwards, Thomas Lifter, Thomas Pajk, Peter Shackerley, Thomas Pitt, Thomas Chapman, Robert Heysham, George Vernon, John Laugharn, John Hungerj'ord, Laurence Carter, and Thomas Bramston, Esquires; Sir Robert Davers, the honourable Dixie Windsor, Andrews Windsor, Andrew Archer, John Eaden, Sir Mich.Wharton, John Jennings, Paul Sir Wm.

Lewen, Richard Vaughan, Erie, Tho. Wynn, Wm. Stephens, John Berkeley, Sir Char. , Sir John -

kington, Wm.Burslem, Nathaniel Curzon, Wm. -Jon, Robert Hide, Wm. New land, Tho. , Hugh Bofcawen, John Fleetwood, Joseph Earl, Wm. Cage, Phil. Papillon, Hen. Portman, Robert Child, John Anjlis, John Kynaston, Sir Wm. Courtenay, Hen. Holmes, Sir John Conway, Tho. Slater, Geo. Trenchard, Richard

Lord Bulkeley, Sir EdiOard Sir Robert Ray-

mond, Alexander Grant, James Craggs, Erdfmus I^ezvir, and Edward Roll; or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them; my Deputies and Deputy, in my place and (lead, to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned in the Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament, according to the Direction of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes directing the Taking the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person and Persons, which is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for Shires or Burghs, for the Parliament summoned to begin, and to be holden, the Twelfth Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen; _ and continued, by several Prorogations, to this Day; and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every of the said Person and Persons which is, are, or shall be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for Shires or Burghs, as aforesaid, for the said Parliament; giving them Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the fame; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my said Deputies or Deputy, any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, shall do and perform, in this behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full. Manner, as if I myself had personally been present, and done the fame: In Testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal. Given this Sixteenth Day of February, in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady Anne, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, Sic Anno Domini I7-H>

Poulett (L. S.)

Martis, 16° die;

Anno 12* Annas Reginae, 1713.

Members PTT1HE Right honourable John Earl Poulett, Lord take Oaths, High Steward of her Majesty’s Houshold, came,

about Eleven a Clock, into the Inner Court of Wards; and, being attended by the Clerk of the House of Commons, Clerk Assistant, and other Clerks, did himself in Person administer the Oaths appointed, to several of the Members who this Day appeared; and then made the Commission or Deputation, herewith bound, under his Hand and Seal, bearing Date this Day, impowering several Members of the House of Commons, who had taken the Oaths, to administer the said Oaths to such others as iliould appear: And then, his Lordship withdrawing, the said Commissioners did administer the Oaths accordingly, to such other Members as appeared:

Which being done, the Members repaired to their Scats in the House of Commons.

After which,

Message to A Message was delivered from the Lords, by Mr. aTcnd Lords Davis, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: c nim^s.ooer. Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

-> Accordingly, the House went up to the House of Peers; and, some of the Lords Commissioners being seated on a Form between the Throne and the Wool-sacks, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, who fat in the Middle of the said Lords Commissioners, spoke thus:

Vol. 17.

My Lords, and Gentlemen of the House of Commons, Lord

: r / Chancellor'*

Her Majesty not thinking tit to be personally pre- Speech.

sent here this. Day, has been pleased, by Letters Patents, under the Great Seal, in order to the opening, and holding, this Parliament, to constitute us, and other Lords therein named, her Commissioners, to do all things in her Majesty’s Name, on her Part, necessary to be performed in this Parliament, jis by the Letters Patents will more fully appear to you.

Whereupon the Lord Chancellor commanded the said Letters Patents to be read: Which were read accordingly: and they are as foil.

ANNA R.

ANNA, Dei Gratia, Magn’ Britan’, Francias, et Hi-berniae, Regina, Fidei Defenfor, &c. Omnibus, ad quos prsefentes Litera pervenerint, salutem. Sciatis, quod, cum de avifamento concilii nostri, pro quibufdam arduis et urgentibus negotiis, nos, datum et defenfionem regni nostri Magn’ Britan’, ac eccles’, concernen’, quoddam parliaments nostrum apud civitat’ noftram Wellin’ de-cimo sexto die instantis menfls Februarii teneri ordinavi-inus; quia vero, propter certas caufas, ad parliament’ praed’ personalit’ non poterimus interesse; nos, de circumspectione, fideiitate, et industria, reverend’ in Christo patris, et fidei’ confiliar’ nostri, Thomas archiepifcopi Cantuar’, totius AngP primat’ et metropolitan’; prse-dilecti et fidei’conliliar’ nostri Simonis Domini Harcourt, cancellar’ Magn’ Britan’; ac chariffimoru’consanguine-oru’ et confiliar’ noftroru’ Roberti comitis de Oxon & comitis Mortimer, thefaur’ Magn’ Britan’; Johannis ducisdecom’ Buckingham, et de Normataby, praffident’ concilii nostri: Willielmi comitis de Dartmouth, custod* privat’ sigilli nostri; Caroli ducis Shrewsbury, camerar’

hospitii

The House directed to choose a Speaker,

Sir Thomas Han me r chosen Speaker.

47*

hospitii nostri; Jacobi ducisOrmbnde, capitan’ general’ yopiar’ noftrar’ j Jolmnniscomitrs Poulett, fenefcall’ ho* spitii nostri; Johann is comitis Mar, un’ primarior’ fecre-tarior’noftror’; et Henrici vicecomitis Bolingbroke, pri-naar’ secretar’ nostri; plenam fiduciam reponen’; eifdetn archiepifcopo Cantuar’, Cancellar’ Magn’ Britan’, the* saur’ Magn’Britan', prafident’ concilii nostri, custod’ pri-vat’ sigilli nostri, catnerar’ hospitii nostri, duci Ormonde, comiti Poulett, comiti Mar, et Henrico vicecomiti Bo* lingbroke, et tribus eoru’ ad parliament’ praed’ nomine noftro iucboand’ et tenend’, negotiaque prsd’ exponend’ et declarand’, et exponi et declarari facieud’ necnon in pegotiis illis, et parliamento prsd’, ac omnibus et fln-gulis in eo emergen’ procedend’ et ad feciend’ omnia et lingula, qus pro nobis, et per nOs, pro bono regimine et gubernatione praedicti Regni nostri Magn’ Britan’, ao alior’ dominioru’ noftroru’, eidem regno noftro pertinen’, ibidem fuerint faciend’, necnon ad parliament’ illud, ft necesse suit, continuand’ adjornand’, et prorogand’, de aftenfu concilii nostri prsd’, plen’ tenore praefemiu’committimus potestatem; dantes ulterius, de aflbnfn ejusdem concilii nostri, tarn universis et flngulrs archiepifcopis, epifcopis, comitibus, vicecomitibus, baronibus, & mi* litibus, quam omnibus al’, quor’ interest, ad parliament’ nostrum praed’ conventur, similiter, tenore prrefentiu*, firm Her in mandatis, quod eifdem archiepifcopo Cant’, cancellar’ Magn’ Britan’, thefaur’ Magn’ Britan’, prcefid* concilii nostri, custod’ privati sigilli nostri, camerar’ liof-pitii nostri, duci Ormonde, comiti Poulet, comiti Mar, et vicecomiti Bolingbroke, et tribus eor’, intendant in proetniilis, in forma praed’: In cujus rei testimoninmhas literas uoftras fieri fecimus patentes. Teste meipfa, npud West in’, decimo quinto die Februarii, anno regni nostri doodecimo.

Per ipfam reginam, propria manu signat*.

WaiCHTE.

After which the Lord Chancellor said;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

r

We have it in Command from her Majesty to let you know. That her Majesty will, as soon as the Members of both Houses shall be sworn, in Person, declare to you the Causes of her calling this Parliament: And, it being necessary a Speaker of the House of Commons should be first chosen, it is her Majesty’s Pleasure, That you. Gentlemen of the House of Commons, repair to the Place where yon are to fit; and then to proved to the Choice of some proper Person to be your Speaker: And that you present such Person whom you shall lb choose here on Thursdaynext, at Twelve a Clock, for her Majesty’s Royal Approbation.

And the House being returned;

Sir Arthur Kay Baronet, One of the Knights of the Shire for the County of York, acquainted the House, That her Majesty had directed them to proceed to the Choice of a Speaker:

That lie conceived a Person fitted for that high Troll must be one of great Temper, who would hear with Candour, what every Gentleman had to offer for the Service of her Majesty, and the Publick: That, he ought to be a Person unquestionably true to the Interest of the Church of England, upon which the safety of the State depends: And, as he took this Opportunity to express his Satisfaction in the Choice of the Iaft Speaker, who would ever be an Honour to those who chose him, and whole conduCl. ought to convince the World, That nothing can more effectually make this Kingdom safe, than the same Principles; so, to succeed that honourable Gentleman.

We took Leave to propose another of the like Character, v> hose sincere Adherence to our Constitutions, whose Affection to the House of , whose Con-

duct, Integrity, and Ability, were so well known, that he needed only take Leave to propose him: And he named Sir Thomas Hanmer.

After which the Lord ScudamKnight of the Shire

A. 1713.

for the County of Hereford, (kid, That he could add nothing to that Gentleman’s Character; and therefore fhoilld only second tire Motion, That Sir Thomas -mer be Speaker.

Then Mr. Thotopjbn, Mr. Onslow, and Mr. Steely federally spoke, and agreed in the same Motion.

Whereupon Sir Thomas Hanmer stood up, in his Place; and acknowledged the Obligation he had to those Gentlemen who had thought him worthy to be mentioned upon that Occasion; bnt said. He was sure, there were many Others present, with whom he had had the HonOtir to fit in former Parliaments, who could witness for him, botar unequal he was to such Undertaking: -That, it was true, he had been a Member of the House long enough to have qualified himself better for the Service of it; but the Experience he had got served only to deter him, by making him sensible of the great Difficulties which attended the Chair, without giving him Improvements sufficient for it:

That he had always found the Duty of a private Member to be nice and difficult enough; but the Mistakesof a single Person could be of little Consequence to the Publick; whereus, in the Service of the Chair, it was necessary to bring proportionable Abilities, as well as honest Intentions; other wise the Bnfiness, both of the Queen and Kingdom, would suffer by it:

That it would be a great Concern to him to be the Occasion of any Impediment or Prcjudicete the Publick Affhirs by those Imperfections which it would not be in his Power to help; and therefore he desired the House would think of calling some other Gentleman to the Chair, of better Abilities, to answer the Expectations which they ought justly to have from him whom they should appoint to serve them in that Station.

But the House unanimoutly called upon him, To the Chair:

Whereupon,

Sir Arthur Kay and the Lord . took him

out of his Place, and led him up the House from the Bar to the Chair:

Where, upon the Steps, he said, It was not yet too late for Gentlemen to alter their Resolution; and begged Leave to repeat his just Excuses, and to assure them, that no one ever came so near the Chair who was so little qualified to do the Duty of it; and therefore he hoped they would consult their own Honour and Service, by turning their Thoughts to a better Choice: But the House cried, No, no.

Whereupon he took the Chair, and laid. Though the House would not allow of his Excafe, he hoped they weald be pleased to permit him to intercede with her Majesty to command them to proceed to another Election.

The Members Cried, No, no.

And then the Mace was laid upon the Table.

After which,

Mr. Secretary Bromley said. He congratulated the House and the Publick, for the good Choice they had made of one who brought with him Abilities, not only to fill, but to adorn, the Chair:

That he understood it was her Majesty’s Pleasure, the House should present their Speaker on Thursday; and therefore moved to adjourn till Thursday Morning next.

And then the House, accordingly, adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Nine a Clock.

Jovisy18* die Februarii

Anno 12* Annas Begins, 1713.

THE House being met; and Mr. Speaker ele8 having taken the Chair:

A Mefl'age was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Davis, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

icj Mr.

160 — 18* ffybfuarH*

MeiTage to

attend

Lords

Cortmufljonrr*.

i2 Ann. 18" Februarii.

47 3

Choice of Speaker approved.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorised b7 virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker elect, with the House, went up to the House of Peers:

And some of the Lords Commissioners being seated upon a Form, between the Throne and the Wool-sacks, Mr. Speaker el eft spake to the Effect following} viz.

My Lords,

The Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of Great Britain, assembled in Parliament, by virtue of her Majesty’s Writ, and directed, by her Royal Command, to proceed to the Choice of a Speaker, have call their first lially Nomination upon One the most unworthy of their Number; commanding me to present myself to her Majesty, as the Person they have hitherto thought of calling to that Service.

It is an Honour, and a Duty, which no good Subject ought to decline, who could hope so to acquit himself in that Station as to be inllrumental to the Publick Service, and to the great Ends of her Majesty’s Government: But the Trust is so important, and the Talk so difficult, that none should presume to undertake it, without Abilities sufficient for the due Discharge of it.

The many Imperfections 1 am conscious of in myself make me justly apprehend the great Prejudice which the Business of Parliament would receive from my weakPer-formances, in a Station upon which the good Dispatch of it does very much depend: And therefore, from this unad vised Step of the House of Commons (which I hope is the only one they will be guilty of), I mult make my humble Appeal to the Throne, the last Resort of Justice; where the Errors of all inferior Judgments are reversed: And I desire, with all Duty, to offer my Petition to her Majesty, That, for her own Service and Satisfaction, for the better Success of those arduous and urgent Affairs which have induced her to call this Parliament, and for the Honour of the House of Commons, the will be pleased to order them to re-consider this their Resolution, and to come again, prepared to present some other Person to her Majesty more worthy of their Choice, and of her Royal Acceptance and Approbation.

Whereupon the Lord Chancellor said j

Sir Thomas IIdinner.

She Queen could expect no less from an House of Commons composed of so many dutiful and affectionate Subjects, whose Interest in their Country is an unquestionable Pledge of their true Concern for it, than the Choice of a Person for their Speaker equally qualified for that important Trull, by a just Regard for her Prerogative, and an hearty Zeal for the Welfare of her People,

The commands us. Sir, to tell you. That on both these Accounts their Choice of you to be their Speaker is acceptable to her; and, therefore, that Ihe approves and confirms it.

After which Sir Thomas H replied;

My Lords,

Whatever other Failings belong to me, there shall be no Defect in my Obedience to her Majesty, and since lhe is graciously pleased to think me worthy of these Commands, it is my Duty to endeavour to make myself as little unworthy of them as I can:

The Sincerity of my Intentions, and my Zeal for her Majesty’s and the Publick Service, will be lure to guard me from all wilful Errors: And as I rely upon her Majesty ’s grealGoodness for the pardoning my involuntary Mistakes; so I will comfort myself yet further with this Hope, that the Wants and Imperfections of one of the meanest of her Subjects can never be of Moment enough to interrupt thefignal Prosperity of her Reign, or do any eoniidcrable Prejudice to the Publick Affairs, whilst her great Wisdom presides and watches over them.

Under these Encouragements, I will, with all Diligence, and according to the best of my Abilities, apply VOL. 17.

myself to the Discharge of this great Trull; and I shall account myself happy, if, in so publick a Post, I may be able to give any more open and apparent Proofs of that Loyalty and Fidelity to her Majesty’s Person and Government, and that Love and Value for the Conliitution and Liberties of this Kingdom, which in my private Station, as a Subject, and an , I have al-

ways proposed to myself as the Rule of my Actions.

In pursuance therefore of my Duty, and as the First Act of that Trust which I am commanded to undertake, I beg Leave, by way of humble Petition to her Majesty, in the Name of the Commons of Great Britain, to lay Claim to all their ancient and accustomed Rights, Privileges, and Immunities; particularly,

That for their better Attendance upon the Publick Service, they, and their necessary Servants, may be free, in their Persons and Estates, from all Arrests, Suits, and Moleflations:

That they may be allowed Freedom of Speech in their Debates:

That, upon all Occurrences of Moment, and at times convenient to her Majesty, lhe will be pleased to vouch-safe them Accel’s to her Royal Person:

And that all their Proceedings may be free from Misconstruction, and receive the most favourable Interpretation.

Then the Lord Chancellor said;

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by her Majesty to allure you of her Support in the Discharge of your Duty; and to let you know, That her Majesty’s graciouflypleased to grant to the House of Commons all the Privileges you alk in their Name, as fully as they have been at any time granted by her Majesty, or any ofherRoyalPredecessors.

The House being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House having attended in the House of Peers, he had obeyed their Commands, in presenting himself to her Majesty, as their Speaker; To which her Majesty had been pleased to signify her Content, by her Commissioners; and, in so doing, had given a great Proof of her gracious Inclinations to agree in every thing with the House, by confirming a Choice which lhe could have no other Reason to approve, but because they had made it:

That there was now no longer any room for him to decline the Service: He was therefore obliged to apply himself to the Performance of it, according to the bell of his Abilities; and he hoped he might promise himself that just Indulgence from the House, that they would pardon his many Failings in the Execution of so great a Trust, since they had not thought fit to allow them as Excuses for his not undertaking it:

That he would allure the House of so much, That they should find no other Faults to exercise their Forgive-ness upon, but such only as were natural and uaavoidable to him; for, as far as his Judgment would serve to guide him, he should prefer the doing his Duty in that Place to all other Considerations; and no Views or Motives what foe ver should draw him from a Uriel Fidelity to the Trust they had reposed in him, and a perfect Regard to the Honour of the House, and the publick Interests of those whom they represented:

That he requested the Assistance of all Gent!emen, and especially those who were more experienced than himself, for preserving the established Rules and Orders of the House; upon, which not only the Dignity of their Proceedings, but the necessary Dispatch of their Buff-ness, did depend: That nothing should be wanting on his Part, as far as he could contribute to it: And that he was persuaded. That his sincere Endeavours to do the most acceptable Service he could, would be the bell Return of Thanks he could make for the undeserved Honour they had conferred upon him.

After which,

Mr. Speaker alone, and then the other Members

6 E present,

474

if — 20° — 230 F — 2°

A. 1713*

Mr. Speaker present, took the Oaths; and made and subscribed the ml Mem- Declaration; and took and subscribed the Oath of Abju-Oai*li»lk# ration; according to the Laws made for those Purpose.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vwerisy 19® Februarii;

Anno 12* Anna; Regina;, 1713. Praters.

Member* QEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths; take Ou ». and ma<je an(j subscribed the Declaration; and

took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 20°

Anno 12* Ann® Regina;, 1713. Praters.

Member* V ER A L other Members present tooktheOaths;

take Oaths. O and made and subscribed the Declaration; and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 23* die Februarii;

Anno 12* Ann® Regin®, 1713. Prayers.

Members OEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths; take Oaibs. and made and subscribed the Declaration; and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Members take Oaths,

Me Page to attend the Queen.

Outlawry

Bill.

Martis, 2° die Martii

Anno 12* Ann® Regin®, 1713.

Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration; and took and fuliscribed the Oath of Abjuration; according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Message from her Majesty, by Sir William Gentleman L’flier of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Sir. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty.

And, being returned;

A Bill for the better enforcing the Execution of the Law for preventing the clandetiiue Outlawries, was read the 1’irlt time.

liefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

farted.

Th« Queen', Then Mr. Speaker reported, That the House having Spercii re- attended her Majesty, in the House of Peers, her Majesty had been pleased to declare the Causes of her calling this Parliament, in a most gracious Speech to both Houses; and that 5 to prevent any Mtliake of his in re-

14

porting it, he had obtained a Copy thereof; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have much Satisfaction in being able, at the opening this Parliament, to tell you, That the Ratifications of the Treaties of Peace, and of Commerce, with Spain, are exchanged ;by which my Subjects will'have greater Opportunities than ever to improve and extend their Trade: Many Advantages formerly en joyed by Connivance, and procured by fuel) Methods as made a Dif-tinClion between one ^/'//////Merchant and another, are now settled by Treaty, and an equal Rule is established.

It has pleased God to bless my Endeavours to obtain an honourable and advantageous Peace for my own People, and for the greatcll Part of my Allies: Nothing which 1 can do shall be wanting to render it universal: And I persuade myself, that, with your hearty Concurrence, my Interposition may at lad prove effectual to complete the Settlement of Europe.

In the mean while, I congratulate with my own Subjects, That they are delivered from a consuming Land War; and entered on a Peace, the good E flee is whereof nothing but intestine Divisions can cbliruct.

It was the Glory of the W’ifod and great eft of my Predecessors to hold the Balance of; and to

keep it equal, by calling in their Weight, as Necessity required: By this Conduct, they enriched the Kingdom, and rendered themselves dreadful to their Enemies, and usefulto their Friends: I have proceeded on the same Principle; and I doubt not but my Successors will follow' these Examples.

Our Situation points out to us our true Intered; for this Country can flourish only by Trade; and willvbe most formidable by the right Application of our Naval Force.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered such Accounts to be prepared, and laid before you, as willlhew you, at the Conclusion of the War, the true State of vourCondition; whereby you will be better able to judge what Aids are necessary: And I only ask of you Supplies for the currentService of the Year; and for the Diieharge of such Debts as you shall find, on Examination, to bejudand reasonable.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Joy which has been generally expressed on my Recovery from my late Indisposition, and on my coming to this City, I edeem as a Return to that tender Adection which I have always had for my People.

I vvifli that effectual Care had been taken, as I have often desired, to suppress those seditious Papers, and faflious Rumours, by which designing Men have been able to fink Credit, and the Innocent have suffered.

There are some who have arrived to that Height of Malice as to insinuate, that the Protedant Succession in the House of Hanover is in Danger under my Government.

Those who go about thus to didract the Minds of Men with imaginary Dangers, can only mean to didurb the present Tranquillity, and to bring real Mif-chiefs upon us.

After all I have done to secure ourReligion, and your Liberties, and to transmit both safe to Poderity, I cannot mention these Proceedings without some Degree of Warmth; and I mud hope, you will all agree with me, That Attempts to weaken my Authority, or to render the Possession of the Crown tmeafv to me, can never be proper Means to drengthen the Protedant Succession.

I have done, and shall continue to do, my bed for the Good of all my Subjects: Let it be your Endeavour, as it shall be mine, to unite our Differences, not by relaxing from the dricted Adherence to our Conditution in Church and State, but by observing the Lawsyourselves, and enforcing a due Obedience to them in others.

A long War has not only impoverished the Publick, however some particular Men may have been Gainers by it, but has also greatly affected Government itfolf.

Let it bo your Care so to improve the prel-nt

Opportunity

Address on the Queen's Speech,

Grand

Committees.

Committee of Privileges*

12 Ann. ' 2* Martiu 475

Opportunity, as to lay the Foundation of recovering from those Disorders.

I had the Concurrence of the lad Parliament in making the Peace: Let it be the Honour of this, to assist me in obtaining such Fruits from it, as may not only derive Blessings on the present Age, but even down to latest Posterity.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, to return the humble Thanks of this House, for her Majesty’s most gracious Speech from the Throne ;to congratulate her Majesty upon her happy Recovery from her late Indisposition, and on her having concluded the Treaties of Peace and Commerce with; and to assure her Majesty of the hearty Concurrence of this House in such Measures as her Majesty shall judge pro* per to make the Settlement of Europe c omplete; and to thew the Sense this House has of their Happiness in being delivered from a consuming War; and to let her Majesty know they will use their utmod Endeavours, that the good Lflfects thereof may not be obstructed by any intestine Divisions; and will do all they can to disappoint the Designsof malicious and unreasonableMen: and toex-press thejuft Abhorrence this House has of the licentious Practices, in publishing seditious Papers, and spreading factious Rumours; but, moreespecially, todeclare their Detedation of that unaccountable Malice, whereby the Protedant Succession in the House of Hanover has been insinuated to be in Danger under her Majesty’s Government; and humbly to represent to her Majesty, That this House is satisfied with the present Security of the Protedant Succession, which they will always maintain; and has such an intire Dependence ou her Majesty, that they will discourage all Attempts to weaken her Majesty’sAuthority, or to render the Possession of the Crown unealy to her: And to promise her Majesty, That this House will grant to her Majesty the necessary Supplies; and will do their utmod to remedy any Disorders a long W ar may have introduced.

Resolved, That an Address be drawn up, upon the said Resolution.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee to draw up the said Address:

And it is referred to Mr. Gore, Mr. Secretary Mr. Freman, Mr. Iley/ham, Mr. , Mr. ’, Mr.

Ship pen, Mr. Black more, Mr. Mr.

zvays, Mr. Auditor Harley, Mr. Pylts, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Campion, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Chol-mondley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. C.efar, Mr. North, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. WinniSir Sir

Chris Musgrave, Lord Newport, Mr. Bertie, Sir

Onslow, Sir Peter King, Dr. Mr. Norlhey, Sir

Arthur Kaye, Mr. Bulteel, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Richard Howe, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Foley, Mr. Serjeant Comyns, Mr. Annejley, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Geo. Bynge, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Mr. Aid-

worth, Mr. Ward, Mr. Chapman, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Fairfax: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That her Majesty’s Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit every Tuesday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordem/, That a Committee of Privilcges and Elections be appointed, of Sir Gilbert Dolben^ Mr. , Sir

Vol. 17.

Richard Onslow, Mr. Gioynn, Sir Tho. Crosse, Mr. O/ar,

Mr. Gore, M r.Lowndes, Mr. ShMr.

Sir Arth. Kay, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Pitt, Mr. North, Mr. Ward, Mr. Blackmore, Mr.

Mr. Jennings, Mr. A Idworth, Mr. Serjeant Conyers, Mr. Compton, Sir Wm. Pole, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Quick, Lord Wm. Pozolett, Mr. Cotejworth, Mr. Rolf,

Mr. Pytfs, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Goidflon, Mr. MuJ'grave, Mr. , Sirlkwz. Barker,

M r. Harcourt, M v.Onslow, Mr. Freman, Sir sham, Sir Jof. Jekyll, Mr. Craggs, Sir John Caffe, Mr. Secretary Bromley, Mr. Campion, Sir Richard Hoar, Sir Robert Havers, Mr. Hey sham, Mr. Attorney General, LordHarley, Sir Edward Turnor, Mr. Sir Thomas

Morgan, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Lockhart, Sir Edward Godere, Mr. Carnegie, Lord Lyon, Lord Downe, Mr. Smith, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir , Sir Jacob Banlces, Mr. Foley, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Auditor Ha?'ley, S\rCha.Turner, Lord Lord Scudamore,'

Sir John Conway, Mr. Wynn, Mr Lord

Murray, Mr. Harvey, Sir Alexander Cumming, Mr. Wortley, Dr. Pajke, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Collier, Mr. Eversfeild, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Shippen, Sir Chr. grove. Sir Nicholas Morrice, King, Mr. Clark,

Mr Carter, Sir Arth.Chichester, Mr.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain, SirMatth.Dudley, Mr. Brydges, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Richard Howe, Mr. Addison, Mr. Annejley, Mr Cholmley, Mr'.PoultSir

ling, Mr. A/Jlabie, Sir Gilbert ElliotMr. Sir Kenneth APkenzie, Mr. Monro, Sir Cha. Hedges, Air.

Jeffryes, Sir Harry Goreing, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Lul-wych, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Serjeant Girdler, Mr. Newland, Lord Finch, Mr. Corrance, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Finch, Mr.

Trotman, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Phelipps, the Earl of Hartford, Sir Wm. Whitlocke, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Wentworth, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Hen.Johnson, Sir Isaac Reborn, well, Sir Tho.Webjler, Mr. Bratnston, Mr. Scobell, Mr.

Bulteel, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Cater, Lord Firmanagh, Mr. Oliphant, S i r James Campbell, Mr. Campbell, Colonel Grant, General Rojffe: And they are to meet upon Monday next, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed uponDouble Returns, in the First Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question any new Returns are to do it inFourteen Days next after such Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Elections withinFourteen Days next, for which of the Places they will serve; provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, lie is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition. touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That in case it shall appear, any Person hath procured himself to beeleCled, or returned, as a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practice, this House will proceed with the utmeft Severity against such Person,

Resolved

Usual

Orders-

47 6 2° Mar tit. A. 1713.

Usual Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath

Order*, been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof j or, directly or indirectly, hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence; the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before the HoUfe, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Election of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole, is fitting.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House; and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him: And that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber, every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westm infer, do take care, that from Nine

of the Clock in the Morning to Three in the Afternoon, during this Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple-bar and Westminster-hall be kept free and open; and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take care there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster-hall, or Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance, by Chairman, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster: And that he do fee the same put in execution.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care, that no Footmen be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That no Committees do fit in a Morning, without the special Leave of the House.

Vote* to be Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, printed. being first perused by Mr. Speaker: And that he do appoint the Printing thereof: And that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

Guildford The Right honourable Sir Richard Onslow Baronet, Writ. being chosen Knight of the Shire for the County of Surrey; and alfoa Burgess for the Borough oiGuildford, in the same County; made his Election to serve for the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Guildford, in the room of the said Sir Richard Onslow.

The honourable Thomas Wentworth F.fijuire, being 11;-!,am chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Mutton, in the Imar* County of York-, and also a Burgess for the Borough of ""u Higham Terrors, in the County of Northampton; made his Election to serve for the said Borough of

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a New Writ for theele&inga Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Higham Terrors.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Hi pod the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for "nt-the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ripon, in the County of York, in the room of John Sharpe Esquire; who, since his being elected a Burgess for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to sarmn the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of New Sarum, in the room of Charles Fox Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to wiuton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Winton, in the room of George Rodney Bridges, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Knartf-the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the b°.rouo'1 electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for nu the Borough of Knare, thorough, in the County of

in the room of Christopher Stockdule Esquire, deceased.

William Whitmore Esquire, being chosen a Burgess Great for the Borough of Bruges, alias in the Wenlock

County of Salop; and alfoa Burgess for the Borough "rlL -of Great Wenlock, in the same County j made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Bruges, alias Bridgenorth.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Great Wailock, in the room of the said Mr. Whitmore.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Whitchurck the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Whitchurph, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Thomas Vernon Esquire; who, since his being elected a Burgess for the said Borough, has accepted the Office of One of the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to penrya the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough oiPenryn, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Alexander Pendarvis Esquire j who since his being elected aBurgefs for the said Borough, has accepted the Office of Surveyor General of her Majesty’s Lands.

The honourable Simon Harcourt Esquire, being Wallingford chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Wallingford, in the Writ. County of Berks; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Abingdon, in the same County; made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Abingdon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Wallingford, in the room of the said Mr, Harcourt.

Ordered,

I>r . Sherlock to |j-reach on Ula. Mar.

Queen*s

Speech to b« coohderecL

Y nnnouth Church*

Vorcester

Jtoad.

Wendcver

W rit.

12 Ann. a" — 30

Ordered, That Dr. Sherlock be desired to preach before this House, at St. Margaret's, Westminster, the 8th Instant, being the Day on which her Majesty began her happy Reign; and appointed to be observed with Thanksgiving: And that Mr. Mr. Attorney

General, and Mr. Conyers do acquaint him therewith.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, take into Consideration her Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 30 die Mar tit;

Anno 120 Anna: Regina;, 1713.

Pray kr*.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgess, and Commonalty, of the Burgh of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Town consists of near Twelve thousand Souls, and hath but OneChurch; though large, is not sufficient to contain those who are desirous to be present at Divine Service: That several Means has been used for raising a Sum necessary for building a Church or Chapel, but in vain; the Inhabitants are agreed so to do by laying a Duty on all Coals* Culm, and Cinders, to be landed in the said Town, that a Sum may be raised for the Purpose aforesaid; as also for making Provision for Ministers to officiate therein: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ferrier and Mr. North do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Parillies lying between the City of Worcester, and the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester; and also of the Inhabitants of the said City of , and Borough of Droiticich, and other Places within the said County' of Worcester-, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by reason of the great and many Loads of Salt, &'c. which are weekly drawn between the said City of Worcester and Borough of -toich, the Roads whereof are become so very ruinous, that it is dangerous for all paOing that Way, and tends very much to the Prejudice of the Trade and Commerce of the County and City of W; out of which her Majesty hath a Duty, of above Fifty thousand Pounds per Annum: That the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws of this Realm is not sufficient to amend the said Roads, without other Provision by Parliament, the Charges whereof will be very considerable, there being no Stone to be had, for the Repairing thereof, near the said Road: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and under such restrifitions as the House shall think lit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Fackington, Mr. Pyand Mr. Wylde, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Richard Hampden Esquire, being defied a Burgess to serve for the Borough of Benoick upon Tweed, in the County of Northumberland -, and also a Burgess for the

Borough of Wendcver, in the county of ; made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Berwick upon Tweed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iflae his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the defiling a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Wendcver, in the room of the said Mr. Hampden.

Vol. 17.

Martii. 477.

The House being informed. That some of the Com- Prohibited missioners of the Customs attended; East India

They were called in; and, at the Bar presented to Go0(1*> 4iC> the House the Report of the Commissioners of the Customs, with the Accounts of prohibited East India Goods, and Naval Stores from Russia, frovc^Michaelmai 1712 to Michaelmas 1713, pursuant to an Act of Parliament; viz.

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods remaining in the several Warehouses in the Port of London at Michaelmas 1712; with what has been brought in since that time; what exported; and what remains at Michaelmas 1713:

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods remaining in the respective Warehouses of the Out-ports at Michaelmas 1712; what brought in since that time; what exported; as also what remains at Michaelmas 1713:

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Rujfid into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1712 to Michaelmas 1713.

A11 Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports commonly called the Out-ports, from Michaelmas 1712 to Michaelmas 1713.

The Titles of the said Report and Accounts were fead.

Ordered, That the said Report and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Report and Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Section.

The House proceeded upon the Petitions, touching Cortroverttd controverted Elefitions, which had been delivered to Elections. the Clerk, pursuant to the Orders of former Parliaments: And,

A Petition of James Herbert Esquire was read, set- Qile*nhorouth ting forth, That the Petitioner, at the last Elefition of Ele<ai0"’ Burgesses for the Borough of Queenborough, in Kent, was, as he conceives, duly defiled to serve for the said Borough; but, by the corrupt Practices, Bribery,

SCc. of Charles Fautherjbye Esquire, One of the Candi-

dates, his Agents and Friends, did procure himself to be elected a Burgess for the said Borough; in Wrong of your Petitioner: And praying the Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elefitions:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Samuel Lynn and John Chamberlain Rve Esquires was read; setting forth, That at the last Elec- EUaion. tion of Barons for the Town and Port of Rye, in the Petitioners, Sir John Norris Knight, and Philips Gibbon Esquire, flood Candidates: That the Petitioners were duly defiled Barons for the said Town: That Mr.

Walter Waters, not a legal Mayor, admitted and procured, by Threats and Bribery, and undue Practices, several Persons to vote for the said Sir John Norris and Mr. Gibbon, who had no Right; and denied several who had an undoubted Right, to vote for the Petitioners: That, notwithstanding the Petitioners had a Right to be returned, by a Majority of legal Votes; yet the said W<alter Waters unduly returned Sir John Norris Knight, and Philip Gibbon Esquire; in Wrong of the Petitioners, and in Violation of the Rights of the said Town: And praying the Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John.Burgh Esquire was read; setting Brackley forth, That on the 27th of August 1713, at the Elefilion Election. for Brackley, in Com' Northampton, the Petitioner, Henry

Watkins, the honourable Win. Eger ton, ami Paul Meih-, wen, Esquires, flood Candidates: That, by the indirefit Prafitices ofillegal Mayors, imposedon the Corporation,

' 6 F did

Brackley

Eiedion.

Bury St

Edmunds

Eletfiao.

Ditto.

478 30 Martii. A. 1713.

did pretend to elect Two new Burgesses, on said 27th Day of August, whose Votes were received for Mr. Egerton and Mr. Methwen, although no Right to vote* and that several others were admitted to vote for the said Wm. Egerton and Paul who had

no Right; and those who had a Right, and demanded to poll for the Petitioner, and Mr. were re-

fused: That, by Bribery, SCc. and the Instigation of a Peer of this Realm, several were prevailed on to vote for Wm. Egerton and Paul Melhiven; by which

illegal Practices they are unduly returned; in Wrong of the Petitioner, and Mr. who had a Majo-

rity, and ought to have been returned: And praying the Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Henry Watki Esquire was read; set-

ting forth. That, on the 27th of August 1713, at the Election for Brackley, in.....Northampton, the Petitioner, John Burgh Esquire, the honourable Colonel Wm. Egerton, and Paul Methwyn Esquire, flood Candidates: That by the indirect Practices of illegal Mayors, imposed on the Corporation, who pretend to elect new Burgesses; and, particularly, on said 27th of did elect Two, whose Votes, with several others who had no Right to vote, were received for Mr, Egerton and Mr. Methwyn; and those who had a Right, and demanded to poll for the Petitioner, and Mr. Burgh, were refused: That, by Bribery, and the Instigation of a Peer of this Realm, several were prevailed on to vote for the said Mr. Egerton, and Mr. Methwyn', 4>y which illegal Practices they are returned; in Wrong of the Petitioner, and John Burgh Esquire, who had a Majority, and ought to have been returned: And praying the Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Jermyn Dave and Gilbert Affleck Ef-

2uires was read; setting forth, That the Borough of \ury Saint Edmunds, in Com’ Suffolk, is an ancient Borough, incorporate by the Nathe of Alderman and Burgesses of the said Borough, and by that Name known time out of mind; and that all the Freemen have a Right to vote in the said Election: That the Petitioners were duly elected by a Majority of the Freemen; and by an Indenture between John Moore Esquire, Sheriff of the said County, and several Burghers and Freemen of the said Borough, were declared duly elected; which Indenture is ready to be returned, and was tendered to the Aldermen to be sealed with the Seal of the Borough, which he refused: That, by an Indenture between the said Sheriff and Richard Gentleman,

Alderman of the said Borough, and several other Burghers, the honourable Carr Harvey and Esquires are certified to be duly elected and returned, upon a Suppofltion that all the Freemen have not Votes, whereas they have; and the said Alderman, and forae of the Burgesses of the said Borough, shut themselves up in a Room, into which your Petitioners could not be admitted, at the Reading of the Precept for the said Election; nor would they admit any of the Burghers and Freemen who were ready, and tendered their Votes for the Petitioners; to the great Wrong of the Petitioners, and Electors: And praying the Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to to the House.

A Petition of the Freemen and Inhabitants of the Borough of Bury Saint Edmunds.* in the County of Suffolk,

19

was read; setting forth, That the said Borough is an ancient Borough, incorporate by the name of Alderman and Burgesses of the said Borough, and by that Name known Time out of Mind; and that all Freemen and Inhabitants thereof, paying Scotland Lot, have Votes in the Election for the said Borough: That by a Precept from John Moore Esquire, Sheriff of the said County,

to Richard Hovell, Alderman of the said Borough, for choosing Two Persons to serve in Parliament, the said Alderman did give publick Notice of the Time and Place of the said Election; and the Petitioners, being Freemen, and Inhabitants of the said Borough, did meet accordingly, and deflred the said Aldermen they might be present at the reading the Precept, and to vote for electing the said Burgefiies; but was refused; the said Alderman, and a small Number of the Burgesses, (hut themselves up in a Room in the Guildhall, and refused to let them hear the Precept read, or to vote; and did elect the honourable Carr Harvey and Aubrie Porter Esquires Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament; whereupon the Petitioners went to an Election, and chose Jermyn Davers and Gilbert Affleck Esquires Burgesses to serve in Parliament; and declared them so to be, by Indenture between the said Sheriff and the Petitioners, which is ready to be returned, and was tendered to the said Alderman, to be sealed with the Seal of the said Borough, which he refilled to do; to the great Wrong of the Petitioners: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Gape Esquire was read; setting st. Allan forth, That at the Election of Burgesses for the Borough Lkctiun. of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford, the Petitioner,

Wm. Grimston, and Wm. Hale, Esquires, flood Candidates: That, by Bribery, and other undue Practices, of Mr. Hale, and Agents, several Persons before and at the said Election, were prevailed upon to poll for Mr.

Hale, who otherwise would have voted for the Petitioner; by which undue means he has procured himself to be returned to serve for the said Borough; in Violation of the Privileges thereof, and Wrong of the Petitioner; who had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned, in the room of Mr. Hale: And praying the Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Richard Temple and Sir Edmund BuckincWi Denton Baronets was read; setting forth. That the Petitioners were duly chosen to serve for the Borough of Buckingham; notwithstanding which, one Charles Blunt, pretended Bailiff of said Borough, refusing to admit the Votes of Three undoubted Burgesses, and admitting others, who had no Right, to vote, and of allowing Fourteen Burgesses, contrary to the Charter of the said Borough, and other undue Practices, hath returned Thomas Chapman Esquire, and John Do61or of

Physick, as Members for the said Borough; and refused to return the Petitioners, though duly elected; in Wrong of the Petitioners, and Rights of the said Borough:

And praying the Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of William Gore and Nicholas was read; setting forth, That at the Election of Burgesses for the Borough of Colchester, in Sir Thomas

Webjler, Sir Isaac Rebotv, and the Petitioners, flood Can-

dictates: That several Persons were admitted to vote at the said Election, for the said Sir Tho. Webs.er and Sir Isaac Rebow, who had no Right; and others, who bad a

Right,

V’ooti llock kkciion.

Ipswich licet ion.

Weymouth

LlrOiou.

Great

Grimsby

Election.

Ditto.

12 Ann. 3 Marti479

Right, and would have voted for the Petitioners, were refused; by which meaus, Bribery, and other undue Practices of the said Sir Thomas and Sir Isaac

Rebow, their Friends and Agents, have procured themselves to be returned to serve for the said Borough} in Wrong of the Petitioners, who had a Majority at the said Election: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.;

Then a Petition of Sir Thomas Sebright Baronet, and Vincent Oakly Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, at the Election of Members to serve for the Borough of WoodJlock, in Oxon, were duly eletted, by a Majority of legal Votes: That Sir Tho. Baronet,

and William Cadogan Esquire, Candidates with the Petitioners, prevailed with the Mayor, 8Cc\ of the said Borough, to make divers new Freemen, in order to the said Elettion; and by Imprisoning, Bribing, and other illegal Practices, and by refusing the Votes of several for the Petitioners, who had a Right to vote, have procured themselves to be returned; in Wrong of the Petitioners, and Rights and Privileges of this House: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the same be heard upon Tuesday next come Sevennight.

A Petition of Richard Richardson Serjeant at Law, and Orlando Bridgman Esquire, was read; setting forth *

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the same be heard upon Tomorrow Three Weeks.

' Then a Petition of Sir Thomas Hardy Knight, Wil~ liam Hardy, John Ward, and Reginald Marriott, Ef* quires, was read; setting forth, That at the Election of Weymouth and Mclcomb Regis, in Com' Dorset, the Petitioners Hood Candidates: That, upon the said Election, the Petitioners had the Majority, and ought to have been returned; but by the undue Practices of John Friend, Mayor of the said Town, and the Bribery and Corruption of Daniel Harvey, &c. or their Agents, it the said Election, the said John Friend hath returned the said Daniel Harvey, Admiral Baker, Captain

ton, and William Beits; in Wrong of the Petitioners:

And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir James Clarke Knight, was read; setting forth, that at the Elettion for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in Com' Lincoln, the Petitioner, Arthur

Moore, William Cotefioorth, and Matthew Esquires, Rood Candidates: That, although the Petitioner had a Majority of Mr. Cotefwor/h at the Election; vet, by Bribery, and other undue Practices, the said Mr. Cotefioorth has procured himself to be returned for the said Borough; in Wrong of the Petitioner: And

praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Henry Thijllelon, Thomas S(ephenfon)u-nior, Thomas Heaton, James Skelton, Inhabitants of the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, in behalf of themselves, and many others of the said Bq-

Voim 17.

rough, was read; setting forth, That, at the Election for the said Borough, Arthur Moore Esquire did, by illegal Practices of himself, and Agents, procure a Majority of Votes; and was returned for the said Borough; contrary to, and in Violation of, the Privileges thereof:

And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Corbett Kynaston Esquire was read; set- Shrewfoury ting forth. That the Petitioner stood Candidate at the Election. Election for the Town of Salop, and had a Majority of the Burgesses that voted, and offered to vote, for the Petitioner: That Thomas Junes Esquire, also a Candidate at the said Election, was by himself and others, guilty of notorious Bribery, and indirett Practices; did procure Jonathan Scott Esquire, Mayor, to refuse the Votes of several Burgesses who tendered themselves, and ought to have been allowed; and admitted several to vote for Thomas Jones, which ought not to be allowed; and, in Wrong of the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned, the Mayor was prevailed upon to return the said Thomas Jones: And praying Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Poioell, Thomas William, Ditto.

Doncaster, Edward Wall, John Wood, Adam Crumpton, and several others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Burgesses of, inhabiting in, the Town of Shreivf-bury, paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving Alms or Charity, several of whom were refused their Votes at the Elettion for Representatives in this present Parliament, was read; setting forth, That Mr. Scott, Mayor of the said Town, being intirely in the Interest of Edward CreJJet and Corbet Kynaston Esquires, Two of the Candidates at the Elettion for the said Town, did illegally refuse the Votes of some of the Petitioners, and others, Burgesses of the said Town, who had a Right to vote; and admitted Fifty other Persons, in the Interest of the said Mr. CreJJet and Mr. Kynaston, who had no Right to vote at the said Elettion; by which illegal means the Petitioners think themselves injured; and do allege, That, before and after said Elettion, Mr. CreJJet was guilty of Bribery, and corrupt Practices: And praying the y may be heard to such Matters as can be Ob'-jetted against the said Mayor, and Mr. CreJJet, relating to the said Elettion; and the Rights of the Petitioners established; and to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Dutton Colt, of the Borough of Leominster Leominster, in the County of Hereford, was read; setting Election. forth, That the Petitioner, Edward Harley Esquire, and Henry Gorges Esquire, stood Candidates at the Elettion for the said Borough of Leominster-, and that Samuel Clarke Esquire, Receiver General of her Majesty’s Revenue for Brecon, with several others, atting as Agents for the said Edward Harley and Henry Gorges, were guilty of notorious Bribery, by entertaining great Numbers of the Electors of the said Borough, on the behalf of the said Edward Harley and Henry Gorges, after the Tejle of the Writ; and, by several other illegal Practices, did influence great Numbers of the Electors; by which undue means the major Part of the Electors voted for the said Edward Harley and Henry Gorges, and the Bailiff of the said Borough hath unduly returned the said Edward Harley and Henry Gorges-, in Wrong of the Petitioner; And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered,

480 3 Martii. 1713.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Reading A Petition of Owen Buckingham Esquire was read; set-

Election. ting forth. That Robert , Calvert, Esquires,

and the Petitioner, (lood Candidates at the Election for the Borough of Reading, in Berks; at which time

the Petitioner was duly chosen, and ought to have been returned: That, at the Time and Place of the Election, several Persons, having an unquestionable Right to vote, did object, That Mr. Clarges was, at that time, under Age; and was sufficiently proved; therefore was not qualified to serve for the said Borough; notwithstanding which, the Mayor has returned the said Mr. Clarges: That at the said Election, several were admitted to vote who bad no Right, for the said Mr. Clarges; and others, who had a Right, and voted for the Petitioner, were refused; by which undue means, Bribery, and corrupt Practices, of Mr. Clarges and Mr. , and their Agents, hath

procured themselves to be elected; and have prevailed with the Mayor to return them for the said Borough; in Wrong of the Petitioner: And praying Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con* ^deration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of William Cotesworth Esquire, was read;

Election. Jetting forth. That Richard , and Henry t, and the Petitioner, were Candidates at the Election of BurgefTeg for the Borough of Boston, in Com' Lincoln; That several were admitted to vote for Mr. Heron and Mr. Wynn, who had no Right; and the said Mr. Wynn and Mr. Heron, by themselves, and Agents, and particularly, one Mr. Face)/, were guilty of Bribery, and other undue Practices; by which the said Mr. Wynn and Mr. Heron have procured themselves to be elected; in Wrong of yqur Petitioner, who ought to have been returned: And praying Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Stock bridge A Petition of James Earl of Barrymore of the King-

Election. dom of Ireland, and Sir Richard Vernon Baronet, was

read; letting forth, That the Petitioners, Richard and Tho. Brvdrick, Esquires, flood Candidates at the Election for the Borough of Slockbridge, in Com' Southampton: That Mr. Steel and Mr. by Bribery,

and other illegal Practices, by themselves, and Agents, have procured themselves to be returned for the said Borough j in Wrong to the Petitioners, who doubt not but to prove they ought to have been returned for the same; And praying Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Aylelbuiy A Petition of Nathanael Meade and Deacle

Elediou. Esquires was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, Simon Harcourt, an A JohDeacle, Esquires, stood Candidates for the Borough of ,in the County of

Bucks: That the Petitioners were duly elected, and ought to have been returned; but Two Constables of the Borough, in the Interest of Mr. Harcourt and Mr. Ef-sington, did poll several for them who had no Right, and refuting others who had a Right, and would have voted for the Petitioners; and, by Bribes, have procured several Votes for the said Mr. Harcourt and Mr.

Efjington\ in Wrong of the Petitioners: And praying Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Cderation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Samuel Robinson Esquire was read; set- Cricklad ting forth, That the Petitioner Hood Candidate at the Ele^*on-Election for Cricklad, in Wilts: That Sir Thomas Read Baronet, Wm. Gore and Henry Poole Esquires, also were Candidates: That several were admitted to poll for the said . Thomas Read, who had no Right; by which illegal Practices, the said Sir Thomas Read has procured himself to be unduly elected; in Wrong of the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned: And praying Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they doexamine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Ingram Esquire was read; set- Horfhatu

ting forth. That the Petitioner.....at the Election kiettioa.

for the Borough of Horsham, in Suffer; That several were refused for the Petitioner, who had a Right to vote; and others, who had not, were admitted for Charles Eversfeild and John Middleton Esquires, Two other Candidates for the said Borough; by which undue PraClices, Bribery, 8Cc. of the said Mr. Eversfeild and Mr. Middleton, their Friends and Agents, have procured themselves to be returned; in Wrong of the Petitioner: And praying to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of William Harvy junior, Esquire, was Appalby read; setting forth, That Sir Richard Sand ford Baronet, Election. Thomas Lutioyche Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates at the Election for the Borough of Appulby, in Coni'Westmoreland: That the said Sir Richard Sand-

ford, and Agents, were guilty of Bribery; by which undue Practipes he procured himself to be elected; in Wrong of the Petitioner, who had a Majority, and ought to have been returned with the said Thomas Lutioyche:

And praying Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Jideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examinethe Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Robert Holmes, Edward TJiombarrow, Ditto. John Atkinson, John Caile, John Bradly, Christopher Harrison, Hemy Sanderson, William Savage, Thomas Nicholson, John Machell, John Cockell, William Eland,

John Machell younger, free Burghers of the Borough of Appulby, in the County of Westmoreland, in behalf of themselves, and several other free Burghers of the said Borough, was read; setting forth, That, on the Twenty-seventh Day of August, being the Day appointed by the

Mayor for the electing Burgesses for the said Borough, several of the Petitioners, at which time, offered their Votes for Sir Richard Sand ford Baronet, and Joseph Penington Esquire; but were refused by the Mayor, although they had an undoubted Right to rote; and others allowed that had no Right: And that Thomas Lutwyce Esquire, by Bribery, 8Cc. procured himself to be returned, contrary to Law: And praying Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do exatnine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Edward Harvey Esquire was read; setting ciithero forth. That the Petitioner, Thomas Lifter and Charles Ele&itm. Stanley Esquires, flood Candidates at the Election for the Borough of Clithero, in Com' Palat* Lancaster, where a Majority of legal Voices appeared for the Petitioner;

but.

12 Ann. 3° Martii.

481

hut, by Bribery, Sic. and other undue Practices of Mr. Stanley, and Agents, several were prevailed on to poll for him, who othci wife would have voted for the Petitioner: and many admitted to poll for the said Mr. Stanley, who had no Bight; by which means he is unduly returned; in Wrong of the Petitioner: And praying Belief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the same be heard upon next

come Five Weeks.

IVipnan A Petition of James Barry F.arl of Barrymore in the tUchon. Kingdom of Ireland, and Orlando Bridgman Esquire, was read; setting forth. That, on the 3d of September 1713, the Election for the Borough of in Coni'

Lancaster, came on; where the Petitioners, Sir Roger Bradshaigh Baronet, and George Esquires,

Hood Candidates; and a great Number, who had a Right, appeared and polled for the Petitioners: That the Petitioners are each of them possessed of an annual Estate, of £300 Value, above Reprizes; so are duly qualified by Act of Parliament, 9* That neither

the said Sir Boger Bradshaigh, or George Kennyon, are possessed of such an annual Estate, whereby to qualify them to serve, according to the said Act, g° Anna-, notwithstanding which, Win. Bradshaigh Mayor did declare them the said Sir Roger Bradshaigh and George Kennyon to be duly elected, and hath made his Beturn accordingly; therefore the Petitioners inlist, the said Election is void; and that they ought to have been returned in the room of the said Sir Roger Bradshaigh and George Kennyon: That the Petitioners are ready to lay before this House an exact Renta] of their Estates, whereby to make out their Qualifications: And praying, That the said Sir Roger Braidjhaighand George Kennyon may do the like; and to be relieved.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ifnflome A Petition of TheophilitsOglethorp Esquire w as read;

r.kchon. setting forth, That, at the Election for the Borough of liajleme, in Com' Surry, the Petitioner was duly defied; but, in Wrong of the Petitioner, Thomas Onslow Esquire, by Bribes, &Y. and by having several polled who had no Right, was returned; though unduly.

And, the House being informed, That it is not believed the said Mr. Oglethorp did, or could, sign the said Petition, as he ought to have done, he being abroad beyond the Seas;

And, it appearing to be delivered to the Clerk of this House the 18th of September last, soon after the Election for the said Borough, as the House was also informed, by one Mr. Orb

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That Mr. Or by do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

C roat Then a Petit ion of William Bncknal Esquire was read;

liailow setting forth, That Sir James Etheridge and, George Lection. llrucre Esquire, and the Petitioner, 1'tood Candidates at

, ihe Election for the Borough of Great Marlow, in Com'

Bucks: That although the Petitioner was duly elected, yet the said George Bruere and Sir James , by

procuring several who had a Right, and offered to vote for the Petitioner, to be refused; and by procuring others who had no Right, to be admitted for themselves; and by the indirect Practices of them, and their Agents, have procured the said George Bruere Esquire to be returned; in Wrong of the Petitioner: And further, the Petitioner believes? That, at the time of the Election, Voj.. 17.

the said Mr. Bruere was not duly qualified, according to Act of Parliament: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that, they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House,

A Petition of Edward Jefferyes Esquire was read; set- Brecon ting forth, That, at the Election for the Town and Bo- Election, rough of Brecon, t he Petitioner, and Roger Jones, F.f« quire, stood Candidates: when the Petitioner was duly elected: That, at the said Election, several Persons w’ere admitted to poll for Mr. Jones, who had no Right; by which means, Bribery, and other undue Practices of the said Mr. Junes, and Agents, hath procured himself to be unduly elected; iu Wrong of the Petitioner: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of divers Burgesses, Inhabitants of the Ditto. Town and Borough of Brecon, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in the behalf of themselves, and other the Burgesses of the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot within the same, was read; setting forth, That, on the 1 ith of September 1713, Edward Jeff ryes and Roger Jones flood Candidates at the Election for Brecon:

That Richard Hughes Esquire Bailiff of the said Borough, in Breach of the Privileges of the Borough, did admit several not qualified to vote for the said Mr.

Jones: That the said Mr. Jones and Agents, were guilty of Bribery, and other undue Practices, in order to procure the said Mr. Jones to be elected; although the said Mr. Jefferyes was duly defied, and ought to have been returned: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Robert Pitt Esquire was read; setting New Sarum forth, That, at the Election for New Sarum, Charles lilectlon' Fox, the Petitioner, and Richard Jones, Esquires, stood Candidates; the former of whom was unanimously elected: That John King, Mayor, deferred the Election till Tenth Day after the Receipt of the Precept, and admitted several who were not qualified to vote; and denied a Scrutiny to the Petitioner; although demanded; by which illegal Practices a false Return was procured: That the Duke of Beaufort not only applied himself to the Corporation in the Council-house, bat in Person from House to House, in favour of the said Mr. Jones-, by which the Privileges of the Commons are invaded, and the Petitioner greatly injured: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the same be heard Optrn Monddy next come Fortnight.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were, Yester Jay, Addrefron appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to speech!*"* her Majesty, have Leave to fit in' a Morning, if they think fit.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

6 C

482 40 Martii. A. 1713.

Jovis> 40 die Martii;

Aiiuo 12* Annie Reginae, 1713.

Prayers.

THE Right honourable Lord Baron of

Belturbet, Viscount Firin the Kingdom

of Ireland, being elected a Knight of the Shire for the County of Buckingham; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Agmonde/ham, in the same County j made his

Election to serve for the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Agmoin the room of the said Lord Fermanagh.

Refolced, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-‘ ing next, resolve ilself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Act, of the Ninth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Petition of Francis Lynn and John Chamberlain Esquires, touching the Election for the Town and Port of Rye: And that the Petitioners have Leave to withdraw the said Petition.

The House proceeded farther upon the Petitions touching controverted Elections. And,

A Petition of Sir IViHaim Dailies Knight was read; felting forth, That, at the Election for the City of ' to!, the Petitioner, Colonel Joseph Earle, and Thomas ' Edwards junior, Esquire, Hood Candidates: That the ' Right of Election is in the Freeholders, and the Freemen not receiving Alms: That the Petitioner had the Majority who did, and others who would have voted for the Petitioner, had there been a free Elec-' tion; but, by the illegal Proceedings of Mr. Edwards, and Agents, so greitt a Riot arose, and such Violence was offered to those who would have voted’for the Petitioner; and likewise insulted the Sheriffs, by a Multitude, who were not Inhabitants; or had no Right to vote; which to prevent the Loss of Blood, the said Sheriffs were forced to break up the Poll, although the Petitioner had many Hundreds more to poll; notwithstanding which illegal Proceedings, One of the said Sheriffs, hath unduly returned the said Colonel Earle and Mr. Edwards; in Wrong of the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Then a Petition of Sir George Knight, and

Samuel Rit/h Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the

Petitioners, John Lade, and Fisher Tench, Esquiros, flood Candidates at the Election for the Borough of Southwark, in Coni'Sui'ry: That, by Bribery and other illegal Practices of the Bailiffs, Mr. Lade, and Mr. Tench, they have procured themselvesto be returned; in Wrong of the Petitioners, who had a Majority, and ought to have been returned: And praying to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. -

A Petition of Henry Skylling Esquire was read; setting forth; That the honourable John Webb, Robert Fern,

Esquires, and the Petitioner flood Candidates for the Borough of Ludgarshall, in Com’ Wilts: That several were admitted to poll for Mr. Herne who had no Right, and many for the Petitioner who had a Right were refused; by which illegal Proceedings of Mr. Feme, and Agents, he the said Mr. Feme is unduly returned; in Wrong of the Petitioner: And praying a Day may be appointed to prove the Allegations of the said Petition, and to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Maimaduke Wyvill Esquire Was read; Richmond setting forth. That Thomas York Esquire, the honoura- tleawn-ble Harry Mor daunt Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates for the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York: That the Right of Election is only in the real Owners of the Burgage-houses: That Mr. Nicholls Mayor, and Returning Officer for the said Borough, did admit several for Mr. York and Mr. Mordaunt who had no Right; and Mr. York, or Mr. Mordaunt, their Agents or Friends, are guilty of notorious Bribery, Sic. and have procured themselves to be returned in Wrong of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And praying Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir William Courtenay and Sir William Honvtoo Pole Baronets was read; setting forth, That the Peti- Eleci*. tioners, Sir Wm. Drake Baronet, and James Shepheard Esquire, stood Candidates for Honyton, in Coni' Devon:

That John Shapleigh Esquire, High Sheriff, sent his Precept to Richard Gill, who was not lawful Portreeve of the said Borough, nor did aft as such, George Blagdon

Gentleman being lawful Portreeve: That the said Richard Gill illegally proceeded to an Election; where Sir

‘ William Drake and Mr. Sheppard, by Threats, Bribery,

Sc. prevailed on several of the Electors to vote for them; and Mr. Gill polled for them divers Paupers, and others, who had no Right, to vote, and rejected many who had a Right, and did vote for the said Petitioners; so the Petitioners had a Majority: That the Lid Mr. Gill returned the said Sir Wm. Drake and Mr. Sheppard, and the said Mr. Blagdon returned the Petitioners, to the Sheriff; who hath not returned the Petitioners, hut Sir Wm. Drake and Mr. Sheppard: And that Sir Wm.

Drake and 'Mr. Sheppard, by undue Practices, did procure a Poor Rate to be set for the said Borough; who, by the means aforesaid, several therein were prevailed on to vote for them; and a great Number unduly left out who would have voted for the Petitioners; and, at the said Election, Mr. Gill refused the Votes of all who were not upon the said Rate, though substantial Inhabitants, paying Scotland Lot: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Samuel Skinner, William and D :r»

Henry Clarke Inhabitants, subject to pay Scotland Lot, within the Borough of Honyton, in the County of

von, on behalf of themselves, and the other Electors of the said Borough, was read; setting forth. That the Right of Election is in the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot: That, at the Election for the said Borough, Sir JVm. Courtenay, Sir William Pole, Sir William , Baronets, and James Sheppard Esquire, stood Candidates:

That Sir Win.Drake and Mr. Sheppard, in order to he

elected by undue means, got a Poors Rate made for the said Borough; whereon the Petitioners, and others,

Inhabitants,

tTaflemere

Election.

A (h burton Election.

Address on the Queen’s Speech.

12

Ann.

4° Mdrtii>

485

Inhabitants, paying Scotland Lot, were not rated, or named, although an Order from the General Quarter Sessions was obtained for that Purpose; and, pursuant to that Order, required the same of the Overseers: That Richard Gill, who bad the Precept, was not lawful Portreeve, nor did not proceed legally thereon; but called over the Poor Rate, which was set with a Majority for Sir JVm. Drake and Mr. Sheppard, and refused to poll the Petitioners, or any not on the Rates; and thereupon returned Sir JVm. and Mr. Shep-

pard; in Wrong of the Petitioners, who are like to be deprived of the Choice of their Representatives: And praying Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The House being informed, That Mr. Orby attended, according to Order;

He was called in; and examined, touching the Petition of Mr. Oglethorpe, relating to the Election for the Borough of Haslemere, in the County of Surry; and he

owned the Delivery of the said Petition to the Clerk of this House; declaring, That he had the same from the Lady Oglethorpe, with her Desire to deliver it; but that he knew nothing of the Signing thereof:

And the same not appearing to be signed by Mr.

Oglethorpe,

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

A Petition of Andrew Quick and Richard Townes Esquires was read; setting forth, That at the Election for the Borough of Afiburton, in Devon, Roger Richard Reynell, and the Petitioners, flood Candidates: That several who had no Right were admitted to vote for Mr.. Tuckfeild and Mr. Reynell; and others, who had

a Right, and would have voted for the Petitioners, were refused; by which illegal Proceedings the said Mr. Tuckfeild and Mr. Reynell have procured themselves to be returned; in Wrong of the Petitioners, who were duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And praying' Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Gore reported from the Committee, who were appointed, upon Tuesday last, to dravv up an Address, to be presented to her Majesty, That they had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz*

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do, with all Humility, return our sincere and hearty Thanks for your Majesty’s most gracious Speech from the Throne.

We beg Leave to assure your Majesty, That as nothing could be more afflicting to your People than the Indisposition of the bed of Sovereigns, so nothing has ever been an Occasion of greater Joy and Satisfaction to them than your Majesty’s late happy Recovery.

We congratulate your Majesty on the Conclusion of the Treaties of Peace and Commerce with Spain, whereby your Majesty is pleased to declare, That you have procured new Benefits to your Subjects: But your Royal Care hath not been confined to your own People; it hath been extended to all your Allies: And your Majesty’s Goodnefsmuft be for everadmired, That, notwithstanding any Discouragements you may have met with, you are pleased still to continue your Endeavours to make the Peace universal, and thereby to complete the Settlement of Europe: And your faithful Vol. 17.

Commons will never be wanting in an hearty Concurrence to assist your Majesty in all such Measures as your Majesty shall judge proper to finish a Design, so great and so glorious.

Your Commons will, with all Cheerfulness, grant such Supplies as are necessary for the current Service, and for the Discharge of such Debts as are just and reasonable:

They can never sufficiently express the Sense they have of their Happiness, in being delivered from the Calamities of a consuming War: They will therefore, in Duty to your Majesty, and in Justice to those they represent, do all that is in their Power, that the good Effects of Peace may not be obstructed by any intestine Divisions:

They will, as far as in them lies, dilappoint the Designs of malicious and unreasonable Men: They will, on all Occasions shew their just Abhorrence of the licentious'

Practices, in publishing scandalous Papers, and spreading seditious Rumours: And, as your Commons will always fhpport and maintain the Protestant Succession in the House of Hanover, they cannot but be astonished at the' malicious Insinuations of any, who would fugged that Succession to be in Danger under your Majesty’s moll nufpicious Government: For when we consider* that it is secured by the greatest Obligations, ciVII and sacred; by A els of Parliament, Oaths, and Treaties; we cannot but declare our entire Acqpiefcence in these Securities; and mud look upon such Insinuations to be groundless in themselves, and affronting to your Majesty, and your Government:' ,

And your Majesty may depend. That your loyal Commons will never be prevailed on by any Pretences whatsoever to countenance Attempts that may tend to weaken your Majesty’s Authority, and to render the Possessiouof the Crowu uneasy to you; which can only proceed from the Rage of a disappointed Fa&ion, and the Spirit of Rebellion.

The said Address being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to her Majesty,;

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moil honourable Privy Council do humbly know her Majesty’s Pleasure when ihe will be attended by this House.

Then a Petition of George Hamilton Esquire, was Anflruther, read; setting forth, That at the Election of Burghs for Election. Anflruther JVefier, Anjlruther Easter, Piltemveem, Crayle, and Kilreny, in the Shire of Fife, in Scotland, the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, in the room of Sir John Ariflruther, who, by Bribes, and other illegal Practices, hath procured himself to be returned; in Wrong of the Petitioner, and Breach of the Privileges of this House: And praying to be relieved therein.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas \ Sir AlexanderCumyns,

tellers lor the 1 eas, j Mf Camegy:

Tellers for the Noes t - Mr* Montgome

tellers lor tire IN oes, Mr_ Cuningha

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the same be heard upon this Day Two Months.

Then a Petition of Edmund Lambert Esquire, was Mindon read; setting forth; That at the Election for the Bo- Eleaion. rough of Hindon in Com* JVilts, Richard Lockwood

Esquire, Reynolds Callhorpejunior, Esquire, and Richard

Jones Esquire, and the Petitioner, ltood Candidates:

That the fold Richard Locktcood and Reynolds,

by Bribery, and other illegal Practices of themselves, and Agents, have procured themselves to be returned; in Wrong of the Petitioner, who had the Majority, and

ought

} *5*' } "9-

Dumfries

Election*

Linlithgow

ldt&ion»

Iluflemcre

Writ.

B‘>fiir»ey

Writ.

Wir.t<m

Wut.

Shepherd’s Shord Jloddf.

4S4 40l — 5° Martii. ^.1713.

ought to have been returned: And praying a Day may be appointed forbearing the Merits of this Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Tideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And a Petition of James Murray Esquire, was read; setting forth. That, at the Election for Dumfries, the Petitioner was chosen by a Majority of legal Voters: That while the Petitioner was objecting to some contained in the former ltolls, whose Titles were not legal, John Crosbie, Provost, Mr. John Mmurdic, and Mr. John Buie, Presbyterian Preachers, prevailed on Three Freeholders, who had declared for the Petitioner, to step to the Door, and, by Force, carried them out of the Town; and that Sir William Johnston, as the Petitioner was informed, did join in these illegal Proceedings; and that several were admitted into the Roll who had no Right; to the great Wrong of the Petitioner: And praying to be relieved against the said Return.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Ilouston Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was a Candidate at the Election for the County of LinlithgowThat several Peers, and Presbyterian Ministers, Hnd One of the Judges, were guilty of divers illegal Practices, whereby to influence Electors; in Wrong of the Petitioner; and that several were admitted to vote who had no Right: And praying to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the same be heard upon Tuesday the Sixth Day of April next.

Thomas Onjloxo, Esquire, being defiled a Burgess for the Borough of Bletchingly, in the County of Surry; and also

for theBorough of Haslemere, in thelame County; made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Bletchingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iflhe his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament £or the said Borough of Haslemere.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the dotting aBurgefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bojfmeu, alias in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Manley Esquire, dcceaied.

Thomas Lewes Esquire, being eletted a Knight of the Shire for the County of Southampton; and also a Citizen for the City of Winton; made his Election to serve for the said County of

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eletting a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Winton, in the room of the said Mr. Lewis.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Parishes of Bromham and Ile; and Part of the great Road leading from London to the Cities of Bath and Bristol; and the Highway, in the Parish of Brom-

ham, leading from Roxodeford, in the said County, to ITorfelcy Upright Gate; and Part of the great Road between Winchester, Andover, and the Devizes, and the said City of Bath and Bristol; are so ruinous, and out of Repair, that it is dangerous for all passing that Way; and that the ordinary Course already appointed is not sufficient to repair the fame; nor are the Inhabitants able so to do, there being no Materials to be had but at a great DistSnce: And praying a Bill may be brought in for repairing the said Highways by such means as this House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Bichard How, Mr. Hyde, Sir Edward Str(idling, Mr. Hungerford, and Mr. Roll, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House proceeded further upon the Petitions touching controverted Elections: And,

A Petition of John Grierson Esquire was read; setting

forth. That at the Elettion for the Stewartry of Kircudbright, that several were admitted to vote at the said Elettion, in Wrong of the Petitioner; and others, who had an undoubted Right, and voted for the Petitioner, were omitted: That it will be of dangerous Consequence, unless a Stop be put to such illegal Proceedings: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Elf or d Esquire was read; felting

forth. That the Petitioner flood Candidate at the Election for the Borough of St. Ives, in Corn' and had the Majority; but John Hopkins Esquire, by Bribery,

8Cc. procured himself to be returned; in Wrong of the Petitioner: And praying to be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Hilchins the elder, of the Borough of St. Ives, in the County of Cornwall, Merchant, and Haul Tremearue, of the same Borough, Yeoman, on behalf of themselves, and others, the unbribed Burgesses of the said Borough of St. Ives, was read; setting lorth. That at the Elettion for the said Borough, Sir darvisKnight, John Hopkins Esquire, the Lord Henry Pawlelt, and Jonathan Elford Esquire, flood Candidates: That Sir Wm. Iicand Agents, by

Bribery, Sc. did procure several to vote for him; by which lie gained a Majority, and was accordingly returned; in Wrong of the Petitioner, who ought of Right to have been returned: And prayingto be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition lie referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Veneris, 5* die

Anno 12* Ann* llegin*, 1713.

Pjiay ers.

A PETITION of the Land-owners and Inhabitants of the several Parishes of and

dington, in the County of Wiland other neighbouring

Gentlemeu, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Highway between Shepherd's in Paroch' Bishop's Cannings and Ilorfeley U

in Paroch' Caine, in the aforesaid County, leading down Bagdown-hill, and through Sandy-lane, in the said

A Petition of the Right honourable the Lord Harry Poiclett, was read; setting forth. That at the Elettion lor the Borough of St. Ives, in Cornwall, the Petitioner flood Candidate, and had a Majority; but Sir Wm. Pendairis, another Candidate, by Bribery, Sc. procured himself to be returned; in Wrong of the Petitioner: And prayingto be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition

Kircudbright

hkciiuuu

St. Ives Eieftion.

Dithw

Ditto,

ChichcfuT

Election.

Dumfermlrng* &c. Election.

Inverness, Jtc. Election,

Chippenham

Election.

Monmouth

Election.

12 Ann.

5* Martii.

485

A Petition of Sir Richard Farrington and Sir John Miller Baronets was read; setting forth. That, at the Election for the City o {Chichester, the honourable James

Brudnell Esquire and Wrn. Elfon Esquire, and the Petitioners, flood Candidates: That the said James Brudnell and William Elfon, and Agents, by Bribes, Threats,

Sic. did procure themselves to be elected; in Wrong of the Petitioners; and further, the Mayor, and his Officers did threaten several Publick-house-keepers with pulling down their Signs, and to take away their Licences, if they voted for the Petitioners; by which means they gave their Votes contrary to Inclination, against the Petitioners: That the Mayor admitted several to vote against the Petitioners who had no Right, several of them being forged into the Poors Tax; and refused others, who had a Right, for the Petitioners: That the Petitioners demanded a Scrutiny of the Mayor; but was denied; and, in Wrong of the Petitioners, unduly returned the said James Brudnell and William Elfon: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Hous.

A Petition of Colonel John Erskine was read; setting forth. That the Commissioners for the Burghs of Stirling, Culrofs, Dumfemiling, Inverkeith and in Com' Stirling, Perth, Fife, and West Lothian, in Scotland, did meet, on 17th December last, at the presiding Burgh, in order to an Elefition: That of the Five Commissioners for the said Burghs there were Three only legally chosen; Two of which voted for the Petitioner; notwithstanding which, the Sheriff and Clerk did unduly return Henry Cunningham Esquire alone, although the Majority was on the Petitioner’s Side: And praying to be relieved against those illegal Proceedings.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of George Mackenzie Esquire was read; setting forth. That at the Election for Fortrofe,

Nairn, and Forrefs, in Com' Invemefs, Nairn, and Murray, iu Scotland, the Petitioner flood Candidate: That of the Four Commissioners for the said Burghs only Three were legally chosen; Two of which voted for the Petitioner; and, notwithstanding the Petitioner had the Majority, yet the Sheriff and Clerk unduly returned William Stewart Esquire; in Wrong of the Petitioner: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they doexamine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir James Long Baronet was read; setting forth. That at the Elect ion for the Borough of penham, in Com' Wilts, the Petitioner, John , and

John Eyles, Esquires, flood Candidates: That Mr.

was a Stranger to the said Borough; but, by Bribes, Threats, Sic. procured himself to be returned, with Mr/ Norris, although the Petitioner had the Majority, and ought to have been returned: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-flderation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Lewes, of St. Peer, in the County of Monmouth, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That at the Election for the County of Monmouth, Sir Charles Korneys Baronet, John Morgan, oiTredegar Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That the High Sheriff of the said County, and also the Under Sheriff, refused to Vo 1. 17. '

hold the Court before the Evening, and then refused to appoint more than One Booth to take the Poll, on purpose to delay the Time; in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who then had great Numbers ready to poll for him:

That, on the Second Day, the Sheriff adjourned the Poll into a common Field, adjoining to the Town, 3nd there set up but Two Booths, or Carts, to take the Poll; which were not sufficient: That the Under Sheriff, finding the Petitioner would have the Majority if the Poll went forward, put a Stop to the Poll at One of the said Booths, or Carts; and the Poll being taken at One Booth only, where the High Sheri ft* refused to receive any of the Petitioner’s Voters, until he had polled all for the said Sir Charles Kemeys; and, by which illegal Proceedings, the said Poll was continued from Thursday the 17th September till IF ednefdayafter, though never known

to last above Two Days before: That several were admitted to poll for Sir Charles Kemeys, who had no Right; and others, who had a Right, were refused for the Petitioner; and did arrest fume, and threatened others, of the Petitioner’s Voters; notwithstanding which illegal Proceedings, the said Mr. Morgan, and the Petitioner, had the Majority, and ought to have been returned, in the room of the said Sir Charles Kemeys: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of William Benson and John Still Esquires sbafton was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, Edward Election. Nicholas, and Henry Whitaker, Esquires, flood Candidates for the Borough of Shafton, in Com' Dorset: That the Petitioners had a Majority, and ought to have been returned: That several were admitted to vote for the said Edward Nicholas wad Henry Whitaker who had no Right; and others, who had a Right, and voted for the Petitioners, were refused: by which illegal Proceedings the said Mr. Nicholas and Mr. Whitaker are returned; in Wrong of the Petitioners: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fid era t ion of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Tobias Jenkyns was read; setting forth, York City That the Petitioner, Sir William Robinson, and Robert Election. Fairfax Esquire, flood Candidates for the City of York:

That, by the impartial Proceedings of the Mayor and Officers, several of the Petitioner’s Voters were refused, and several entered for Mr. Fairfax, who are not to be found; and some who voted for the Petitioner, by the illegal Proceedings aforesaid, were entered for Mr. Fairfax, with many others not qualified by which undue means, the said Mr. Fairfax is returned, in Wrong of the Petitioner, for the City of York: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of several Citizensand Freemen of the City of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was read; setting forth, That, at the Election for the said City, Sir William Robinson, Tobias Jenkyns, and Robert Fairfax, Esquires, flood Candidates: That, by the illegal Proceedings of the Sheriffs, several, who had a Right, were refused to vote for Mr. Jenkyns, but entered for Mr. Fairfax', and others, who had no Right, were admitted for Mr. Fairfax', and several who polled for Mr. Jenkyns were beat and abused by Mr. Fairfax's A'gents; and by which the said Mr. Fairfax has procured himself to be unduly returned; in Wrong of the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned: And praying to be relieved therein.

6 H Ordered,

Ditto.'

Carnarvon

County

Election.

Lanark, &c. Election.

Perth

Election.

Devizes

Election.

Bishop’s

Cattle

Ebatxon.

486 5° Martii. A. 1713.

Ordered, That the faiit Petition be referred to the Coh-fiderdtion of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they doexamine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Roger Baronet was read;

setting forth, That the Candidates for the County of Carnarvon proposed were William Griffith Esquire, and the Petitioner; who depended on an Agreement at the general Meeting of the Gentlemen of the County, particularly signed by the said Mr. Griffith, by which the Petitioner was to succeed Sir John Wynn; and made no Preparation for a Poll; but, at the Election, asserted the said Agreement, and demanded Performance of it; but was refused: The Petitioner polled Four Friends, in order to desire an Oath, in an Act for qualifying Members to fit in Parliament, to be tendered the other Candidate; who not appearing, the Petitioner had no Opportunity of so doing; and, desiring of the Sheriff to be Satisfied therein, was answered. He had taken the Oath that Morning: That the Petitioner, doubting Sir Wni. Griffith's Qualifications, hopes to be judged duly elected; and fubraits to the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Eie£tions: And that they doexamine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Then a Petition of William iTa/HiV/o/z Esquire was read; setting forth, That at the Election for the Burghs of Lanark, Linlithgow, Selkirk, and Pebles, in Scotland, the

Petitioner had a Majority, and ought to have been returned, in the room of Sir James; who, by

several undue Practices, hath procured himself to be returned; in Wrong of the Petitioner: Aud praying Relief of the House therein.

And a Motion being made, and the Queliion being put, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they doexamine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Then a Petition of the Lord James of

was read; setting forth, That at the Election for the Shire of Perth, iu Scotland, the Petitioner had a Majority and ought to have been returned in the room of Lord James Murray, of Dowalie; who, by several illegal Practices, procured himself to be returned; in Wrong of the Petitioner: And praying a Day may be appointed for hearing the same; and to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of JoJiali Diston, and Francis Eyles the younger, Esquires, was read; setting forth, That, at the Election for the Borough of Devizes, in Com' Wilts, the Petitioners, Robert Child, and John Nicholas, Esquires, Hood Candidates: That, at the said Election, the Petitioners had the Majority; and ought to have been returned, in the room of the said Mr. Robert Child and Mr. Nicholas', who, by the undue Practices of themselves, and Agents, have unduly procured themselvesto be returned; in Wrong of the Petitioners: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Charles Lloyd Baronet was read; setting forth. That at the Election for the Borough of Bishop's Cajllein Com' Salop, the Petitioner, Sir Robe r

Raymond Knight, and Richard Esquire, flood

iS

Cadidates: That the Petitioner did require the said Mr. Homage to take the Oath of Qualification; which lie did not at that time, nor since hath: That the said Sir Robert Raymond, and Richard and Agents, are

guilty of Bribery, Threats, 6?c. by which means they are unduly returned; in Wrong of the Petitioner: And praying the Relief of the I louse in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Electious: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Magistrates of the Town of Kirkwall was read; setting forth, That the Election for the Burghs of Dornock, Week, Tain, Dingwall, and Kirkwall, was appointed to be on i 7th September lait: That the Burgh of Kirkwall lies a great Distance from Scotland; so that, by the ill Management of some Persons, the Writs did not come to Kirkwall till 14th of September, Fourteen Days after sent from Edinburgh, although they might have gone in Eight Days, had they been Pent the direct Way; and that it was impossible for the' Petitioners, in so fiiort a time, to make their Choice,' and he to repair to the Election; there being Three Ferries to cross, and One of them long and dangerous: And praying the Allegations of their Petition may be examined into; and to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the House, That her Majesty had been waited on, humbly to know her Plaafure when fiie would be attended by this House; and that her Majesty had been pleased to appoint Half an Hour after Two of the Clock this Afternoon, at her Palace of St. James's.

A Petition of William Owen Esquire, of Porkinglcn, in tqe County of Salop, was read; setting forth, That, at the Election for the Borough of Carnarvon, in Com' Carnarvon, the Petitioner, and Esquires,

flood Candidates: That, at the said Election a Tumult arose, occasioned by Thomas Price Esqilire’s concealing the Sheriff’s Precept; who appeared at the Election as Counselfor Mr. Wynn; the Mayor and Bailiffs with the Petitioner, were forced to withdraw for their Safety; by which means the Petitioner is deprived of being returned; and that Mr Meredithand Mr. have returned

the said Mr. Winnc, although they were not Returning Officers: And praying Relief of the House therein.

And a Motion being made, and the Quession being put. That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 6*

Tellers for the Noe.,

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that theydoexaminetheMatterthereof: and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Then a Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Carnarvon, in the said County of Carnarvon, was read; setting forth, That at the Election for the said Borough, on the Tenth of September, Owen and Thomas Winne Esquires flood Candidates; and the

Mayor and Bailiffs swore a Clerk, and appointed an In-spedlor of the Poll, on each Side: That one Humphry Meredith, and one Hugh Quillin, presumed to act as Bailiffs,

without any Right; and therefore the legal Mayor and Bailifts-protested against their pretended Authority: That

one

Lorrork.t:

Election.

Queen appoints to be alteuueti

Camirvon

borough

Election.

Dirt*

12 Ann. 5°

Carnarvon

Borough

fclcvtiuii.

Orfcny

Election.

Newcastle winter Liuc Klection.

Supply.

one Thomas Pr/cc Esqtnre, Connfel for Mr. Wynne, defir-od to see the Date of the Precept, and promised to deliver it again; but did not; upon which a Tumult arise in the Court, and the Petitioners for their own Safety were forced to withdraw; upon which the pretended Bailiffs proceeded to a Poll for Mr. only; and returned

him; in Wrong of the Representation of the said Borons'll: And praying to be relieved therein.

dered. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Griffith Jones, Peter Rowland, Richard Spencer, John Owens, Richard Morris, Charles Spencer, George Williams, John Thomas, William Jones, John Roberts, Owen Rowland, John Probert, Rowland Evan, William Richard Davies, Robert Foulkes, Morris Williams, John Edwards, Robert Evan, John Evans, Rorv-land John Prees, Robert Jones, William Williams, John Williams, Hugh ap William Beilis, Henry John

William, Solomon Parry, Robert Evan, Burgesses of the Borough of Carnarvon, in the County of Carnarvon, on the behalf of themselves, and several other Burgesses of the said Borough, was read; Setting forth. That, at the Election for the said Borough, IVm. Owen and Thomas Winne Esquires, flood Candidates; where a great Tumult arose, occasioned by Thomas Price Esquire’s concealing the Precept; upon which the Mayor and Bailiffs, with the Petitioners, were, for their Safety, obliged to withdraw: That on

proceeded, though not qualified so. to do, to return Air. Winne; in Wrong of the Petitioners; who are not rightly represented; And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Captain James Moodie was read; setting forth. That at the Election for Orkny, in Scotland, the Petitioner had the Majority, and ought to have been returned, in the room of the honourable Colonel George Douglass; who, by undue Practices, hath procured himself to be returned; in Wrong of the Petitioner: And praying a Day may be appointed for hearing the same; and to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Crete Offiey Esquire was read; setting forth, That, at the Election for the Borough, of cqflleunder Line, in Com’ Stafford, the Petitioner, and W in.Burjlcm Esquire, flood Candidates: That the Petitioner had the Majority, and ought to have been returned; and the Petitioner is ready to produce a Rental of his Estate, whereby to make out his Qualification: And praying the said William Burjlcm may do the like; and, in default, the Petitioner be deemed duly qualified. and elected.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

v Tiie Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration her Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament;

The same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

Then a Motion being made, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty;

Resolved, That this Eloufe will, upon Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole l louse, to consider on that Motion.

Vol. 17.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Dartmouth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for "nU the elecling a Burgess to Serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clifton Dari mouth Harness, in the County of Devon, in the room of Frederick Herne Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of her Majesty’s Comraiffa-ries for treating with Commissaries on the Part of France, for settling the Trade between Great B and France.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Elgin, &c. to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the District of the Burghs of Elgin, Bawfe, Cullen,

Kintore, and Inverury, in the room of the honourable James Murray Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Burghs, hath accepted the Office of One of her Majesty’s Commissaries for treating with Commissa-ries on the Part of France for settling the Trade between Great Britain and France.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Hading* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ* the electinga Com Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Hajlings, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Sir JoJ'eph Martyn Knight; who, since his Election for the said Port, hath accepted the Office of One of her Majesty’s Commissaries for treating with Commissaries on the Part of France, for settling the Trade between Great Britain and France.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of Domock,&<* Dingxoall was read; setting forth, That the Election for the Burghs of Dornock, Week, Tain, Dingwall, and Kirkwall, was appointed to be on the 17th September, and ought to have been at Dornock: That Commissioners were only sent from Dornock, Dingwall, Week, and Tain, and not from Kirkwall, by reason of the Precept’s not being sent to the said Town in due time; by which the said Town was deprived of their Right of voting at the said Election: The Petitioners allege.

That it was not their Fault they had not a Commissioner at the said Election: And praying a new Writ may be issued, that the whole Burghs may have a free Election.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of William Farrer Esquire was read; set- Bedford ting forth. That at the Election for the Borough of Election. Bedford, in Com' Bedford, where the Petitioner, and Samuel Rolt Esquire, flood Candidates, that Mr. Roll at the Time of the said Election was not qualified, according to Act of Parliament; and that the Petitioner had the Majority; notwithstanding which, the Mayor and Bailiffs of the said Borough did unduly elect and return the said Mr. Roll; in Wrong of the Petitioner:

And praying Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of several Freemen of the City of Coven- Coventry try, in behalf of themselves, and many Hundreds, was Election. read; setting forth, That, at the Election for the City of Coventry, Sir Christopher Hales Baronet, Sir Fulivar Skipwith Baronet, and John Neale Esquire, flood Candidates: That several indirect Practices were made use of on the behalf of the said Sir Christopher Hales, and Sir Fulwar Ski/nvith; and by themselves, and Agents, and by great Riots, several were deterred from giving their Votes according to their Inclinations; by which the Petitioners conceive themselves greatly injured:

And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered,

488 5° — 6° Martii. A. 1713.

fcfotp«th

Election,

Aldhormigh

Uediou

Tendon

Election.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the several free Burgesses or Freemen of the Corporation, Town, or Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, whose Names are thereunder written, was read; letting forth, That, contrary to the Act, 7th and 8th IVm. the Third, for preventing Charge and Expence in Elections, Alexander Douglas, Esquire, now elected and returned for the Borough of was guilty of many notoriousBribes.inBreach of theafore-said Act; And praying to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections.- And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Edward IV, of in the County of York, Esquire, and William Jr fop Esquire, of

Broamhall, iti the same County, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That at the Election for the Borough of

Aldborough, in Com' York, the honourable John Paul Foley, Inquires, and the Petitioners, flood Candidates: That' the said John Dazvney and Paul Foley, by Bribes, Sic.did procure themselves to be unduly returned, notwithstanding the Petitioners had a Majority, and ought to be returned: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Then a Petition of several Aldermen, and of great Numbers of Liverymen, free of the City of London, was read; setting forth. That, at the Election for the City of London, John Ward, Thomas Scazoen, Robert -sham, and Peter Godfrey, Esquires, flood Candidates: That the Sheriffs, in favour of the Sitting Members, adjourned, and unduly kept open, the Poll, without Consent of the Candidates: That several were admitted to vote, who had no Bight; and others, more than once; with great Tumults raised, on purpose to obstruct the Freedom of this Election; and without any Notice taken; and in View of the Sheriffs: That things were carried on without regard to Justice: That great Numbers of the Candidates Voters were rejected, without Reason 5 and many allowed, in Prejudice of the Candidates, who ought to have been refused: The Scrutiny served only to cover the Abuses; and was, without examining a Sixth Part of the Poll, broke off; and a Return made of Sir Richard , Sir Wm. Withers, Sir John Cajs, and Sir George Nezvland, notwithstanding the said Candidates had a Majority: And praying a Day may be appointed for hearing their Allegations; and to be relieved.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House;

The House divided.

The Yciis go forth.

for..... Yes, [

Tdlers for U,e Noes,} > ,99.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbat i, 6° die Martii;

Anno 12* Annas Reginne, 1713.

P R A Y E U s.

A PETITION of the whole Company of Coni- Drawback wainers, Curriers, Sadlers, Glovers, and others, on LeaU>er* Retailers of leather, within the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are oppressed by the Duty laid on Leather, and the Allowance of the Drawback to the Merchants, and Exporters 'thereof from this Corporation; infomnch that they are disabled from following their Employs; and that, if the Drawback of One Peny per Pound be continued, it will tend to their utter Ruin: That.since the said Drawback hath been on Leather, it cannot be bought under double the Price it was before: And praying the Consideration of the House therein; and to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Joseph Olliver, of Thomas the Olliver*

Apofilc, in the County of Devon, Gentleman; Estate-

Gibbs, of the City of Exon, Gentleman, and of Benjamin Olliver Gentleman, Brother of the said JoJ'cph Olliver-, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by a Settlement on the Petitioner Marriage, a Barton and Farm in Bread Clift, and all other the Petitioner’s Estate, was settled on him as Tenant for Life; with Remainder to First Sons in Tail Male: and, if no Issue Male, limited, for 500 Years, to Isaac Gibbs, and Trustees, for railing Portions for the Petitioner Joseph's Daughters, of the said Marriage; with Remainder to Sonsof the Petitioner by any

after-taken Wife in Tail; with Remainder to Sons inTail of the Petitioner’s Father; Remainder to Heirs in Fee:

That no Provision is yet made so: Maintenance of Daughters, nor for Payment of Petitioner s

Debts; his Wife being dead; and no Issue, save One Daughter: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bulled and Mr. Worth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of James Eyrr.er, Isaac Sailly, Martin Eymer’i, Clously, and others, Officers, who served in the Army, KaU and are returned from Gibraltar, and Port Alalione, whose Regiments were broke abroad, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are Foreigners; but have served her Majesty abroad, during the late Wars; And praying Leave to bring ia a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bracebridge and Sir William Pole, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ferrier presented to the House, according to Yarmouth Order, a Bill for the building a new Church, or Chapel Church-of Ease, in Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, by a Duty or Impositionon all Coals, Culm, or Cinders, to be landed there; And the same was received; and . read the First time.

liefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That he, with the House, did Answer t. Yesterday attend her Majesty, and presented to Iter Ad<lrei* their humble Address: To which her Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer;

Gentlemen,

This Address is so dutiful, and expresses so fully the Sense of my loyal Subjects, that I esteem it a Proof of the good Choice they have made of you to represent them.

I give

12 Ann, 6° 4

I give you my hearty Thanks for it.

The Confidence you have in my Afieftion; the Abhorrence you declare of the malicious Infmuations of the Protestant Successionbeing in Danger under my Government., and your Acquiescence in the present Securities for it, are very suitable Returns for the tender Regard I have always had for what concerns my People;

and will most effectually, by the Blessing of God, unite

the Minds of my Subjects, and disappoint the Defigus of those who would disturb the present Tranquillity.

Thanks on Resolved, That the humble Thanks of this House be Answer. returned to her Majesty for her said most gracious Answer to their Address.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moil honourable Privy Council do return the same to her Majesty.

The House proceeded further upon the Petitions touching controverted Elections:

London A Petition of John Ward, Thomas Scawen, Robert. tle&.om Ileysham, and Peter Godfrey, Esquires, was read; setting

forth. That, at the Election for the City of London, the Petitioners, Sir Richard Hoar, present Mayor, Sir Wm. WUhers, S\r John Cafs, and Sir George Knights,

flood Candidates: That the Sheriffs of the said City adjourned the Poll, without Content of the Petitioners; by which means Tumults arose, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners: That feverat other notorious Practices were used; in Wrong of the Petitioners, who were duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And praying the Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Andover A Petition of Thomas Pitt Esquire, was read; setting Lledioc. forth, That at the Election for the Borough oiAndover, in Com' Southampton, William Esquire, Sir Am-brose Crazoley, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That Sir AmbrofeCrawley, and Agents, was guilty of Bribery; and, by that means, procured himself to be returned; in Wrong of the Petitioner: And praying to be relieved therein. ‘

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the same be heard upon Thursday come Three Weeks.

Wilts . A Petition of Edward AJli, and Thomas P Esquires,

lileftion. was read; setting forth, That, at the Election for the County of Wilts, the Petitioners, Sir Richard How Baronet, and Robert Hyde Esquire, flood Candidates: That by the illegal Practices of the Under Sheriff, Sir Richard How, and Robert Hyde, deferred opening the Poll, till the Afternoon; where many Freeholders, who would have voted for the Petitioners, were necessitated, by reason of the Harvest, to go away without voting; and that the said Sheriff refused those who voted for the Petitioners, and had a Right; and polled others against them, who had no Right: That a Mob was raised, and paid by the Sitting Members, appearing with Clubs and Drums, marching round the Place of Polling, till the Close thereof; to the great Terror of the Electors: That the Under Sheriff ordered the Oath of Abjuration to be given to none but the Quakers; the Majority of whom would have voted for the Petitioners: That by these, and several other illegal Practices, the fitting Members have procured themselves to be returned; in W rong of the Petitioners: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the same be heard upon Tuesday come Month.

Harwich A Petition of Carew Esquire, was

Election. read; setting forth. That at the Election for Harwich, You 17-

in Com' Essex, Sir Thomas Daval Knight, the Petitioner, and Thomas Heath Esquire, stood Candidates: That the Petitioner had the Majority, and ought to have been returned, in the room of Mr. Heath; who, by his indirect Practices, hath procured himself to be returned; in . Wrong of the Petitioner: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Heath Esquire, was read; set- Harwich ting forth, That at the Election for the Borough of Har- Election; wich, in Com' Essex, the Petitioner, Sir Thomas Davall, and Careiv Harvey Mildmay Esquire, stood Candidates:

That the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, with Sir Thomas Davall, but the Mayor has illegally made a Double Return of the Petitioner, with Careiv Harvey Mildmay; in Wrong of the Petitioner: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Queenf-tions be discharged from proceeding upon the Petition borough of James Herbert Esquire, touching the Election for the lon* Borough of Queensborough, in the County of Kent:

And that he be at Liberty to withdraw his said Petition.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be discharged from meeting on Monday next, iu Privilege*; the Afternoon; but that they do meet upon next, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Member* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to Qualifica-take into Consideration the Act, of the Ninth Year of tion’ her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying Members to fit in the House of Commons;

Resolved, That this House will, at Two of the Clock this Day, resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

The Order, of the Day being read, for the House to Supply* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion Yesterday, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty,

Ordered, That her Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

'Mr. Lowndes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

M r. Lowndes reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive . the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself Member* into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Qualifica-the Act, of the Ninth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, in- on* tituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Freman took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Freman reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

61 Ordered

' J

Leave of Absence.

Exporting

Wool.

Worcester

Road.

Answer to Thanks.

Duty on Rides.

490 6° — 90 Martii. 1713.

Ordered, That the said Report be heard upon Morning next.

Mr. Freman also acquainted the House, That the

Committee had directed him to move, That they may hav£ Leave to fit again.

Refbived, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Act.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock.

them extravagant Prices for the fame: And praying the said Duties may be taken off, or to compel them to bring their Leather to Markets, &c.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. SLerlucV Doctor Sherlock, for the excellent Sermon by him thanie<J-preached before this House Yesterday, at St.

Westminster; and that he be desired to print the fame:

And that Mr. Cafar, Mr. Scobell’, and Mr. do

acquaint him therewith.

Mart is, 9° die Martii;

Anno 13* Anns Reginae, 1713. Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Beruey have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House being informed, That the Petition of Dumffrminj, Colonel John Erskine, complaining of an undue Elec- &c-tion and Return for the Burghs of Stirling,

Dumfermling, Inverkeithing, and Queen's-ferry, is not signed by the Petitioner;

Ordered, That it be an Infraction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That, before they proceed upon the said Petition, they do examine into the Manner of signing the fame.

A Petition of the Grafiers, Owners, and Occupiers, of the Level of Romney Marsh, and the Levels thereunto adjoining, waspresented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, lying under Suspicion of conniving at the Exportation of unwrought Wool, desire that Practice may be obstructed: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for preventing the Exportation thereof.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of proper Heads for a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Running of Wool:

And it is referred to Sir Edtvard Knatchbull, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Campion, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Eversfeild, Mr. Hart, Sir Wm. St.Quintin, Sir Robert Mr. Rene, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. Clayton, Sir Geo. Dozening, Mr. Middleton, Colonel Stephens, Mr. North, Mr. Terrier, Mr. Quick, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Northmore, Mr.

Rolle, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Bulteel, Lord Downe, Sir

Kay,... Wm. Lotvlher, Colonel Cage, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Freman, Mr. Aldzoorth, Mr Mr. Lockhart,

Mr. Lyon, Mr. Smith, Mr. Cun Sir James Campbell, Mr. Poultney, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Hungerford; and all that serve for the Counties of Kent, Suffer, Essex, Cornwal, Devon, and North Britain: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and Leave to fit in a Morning.

Sir John Packing ton prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Highway, or Road from the City of Worcester, to the Borough of Droitzvich, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the House, That their Thanks having been returned to her Majesty, for her most gracious Answer to their Address, her Majesty received the same very graciously.

A Petition of George Bain, Joseph Meigli, James Hill, William Queenborough, Robert Bedson, Cliriftopher Comly,

Abraham Gibbs, William Davis, William BaJkaby, John Spell, William Denham, John John

John Smith, Timothy Goodall, John Daniel, senior, William Smith, Edward Brown, and Samuel in be-

half of themselves, and several others, Shoemakers, Sadlers, and other Traders in Leather, in the City, and County of the City, of Coventr, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the late Acts for imposing Duties 00 Hides, SC is very prejudicial to the

Petitioners; and particularly, by the Tanners making their Yards, Sic. their Markets, contrary to Law; obliging the Petitioners to repair thither, and to give

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Quieting Quieting of Corporations, by limiting a Time for ques- CorPoriU'*i tioriing the Rights of Officers therein: And that Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. son, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty, the Resolution they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered the fame|in at the Clerk's Table; Where it was read, and is as followeth: viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to her Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to her Majesty,

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House Deficiencies of the Deficiency of the Monies granted in the Year of Granu.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House Navy and of the Ordinary of the Navy for the Year 1714, with £-v the Half-pay to the Sea Officers and Marines. umate*.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of the Extraordinaries for the Guards, Garisons, and Land Forces, for the Year 1713; and also of the growing Charges for the Guards, Garisons, and Land Forces, for the Year 1714.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House a State of the Debts due to the Army at last;

distinguished under the several Heads of Subsistence, Off-reckonings, and Clearings.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, by Land Service, for the Year 1714.

Ordered, That a State be laid before this House of the Debt of the Navy to Christmas last.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of all the Ships in Sea-pay which have been employed, with the several Complements or Number of Men borne, or nuiftered, from the ift of July last to the First of Alarch instant.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of all Orders for Discharging of any Ships since the First Day of July last, the Date of those Orders, and the Times of their Discharge.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House of the Sum that will be wanting to complete the Fund of the South Sea Company for the Year 1714.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of all Ships in Sea-pay which have been employed; with the several Complements or Number of Men borne, or mustered, from the 25th of December 1712 to the First Day of July last.

Resolved,

13 Ann. 9* — io°

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That die will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officer-' to lay before this House the said fevers' Staler, Accounts, and Estimates.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will, upon orning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Members Mr. Frcman ,according to Order, reported from the committee who were to consider of the Act, of the 9th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons, the Kesolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

lft. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, notwithstanding the Oath taken by any Candidate at or after any Election, his Qualification may be afterwards examined into.

2d. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Person whoseQualification is expressly objected to in any Petition relating to his Election, shall, within Fifteen Days after the Petition read, give to the Clerk of the House of Commons a Paper, signed by himself, containing a Rental or Particular of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereby he makes out his Qualification; of which any Person concerned may have a Copy.

3d. Resolved,'\'\\at it is the Opinionof this Committee, That of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereof the Party hath not been in Possession for Three Years before the Election, he shall also insert in the same Paper, from what Person, and by what Conveyance or Act in Law, he claims or derives the fame; and also the Confi-derat ion, if any, paid; and the Names and Places of Abode of the Witnesses to such Conveyance and Payment.

4th. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, if a Sitting Member shall think fit to question the Qualification of a Petitioner, he shall, within 15 Days after the Petition read, leave Notice thereof, in Writing, with the Clerk of the House of Commons; the Petitioner shall, in such Case, within 15 Days after such Notice, leave with the said Clerk of the House the like Account, in Writing, of his Qualification as is required from a Sitting Member.

The Firfi, Second, and Third Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by inserting, after " Commons," the Word " and

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon,

agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, if a Sitting Member shall think fit to question the Qualification of a Petitioner, he shall, within Fifteen Days after the Petition read, leave Notice thereof, in Writing, with the Clerk of the House of Commons; and the Petitioner shall, in such Case, within Fifteen Days after such Notice, leave with the said Clerk of the House the like Account, in Writing, of his Qualification as is required Irom a Sitting Member.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Act, of the Ninth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons;

Resolved, That this House will, To-rnorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Vol. 17.

Martii. 491

And then the House adjourned till To-morror Morning, at Nine of the Clock.

Mercurtty 10° die Martii;

Anno 13* Annie Regins* 1713.

P*A YE Its.

A PETITION of the Shoemakers, Curriers, Clovers, Drawback Sadlers, and other Workers of Leather, iii the on Leather. Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, was offered

to the House, for taking off the Drawback upon unwrought Leather:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Grand Jury, justices Nyne of the Peace, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County Navigation* of Northampton, at the Assizes held at the Town of Northampton, March 2, 1713, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the River Nyne is navigable from Peterborough to Lyn, Wijbich, &c.; but, by Sands, fife, is not so, from a little above Peterborough to Northampton; the making of which navigable would greatly increase Trade, by supplying other Towns with Oil, Hemp, fife, and prevent the cutting up much young Timber, and preserve the Highways, and employ the Poor in the Navigation: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for making the said River Navigable from Peterborough to Northampton.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town Ditto, of Oundle, in the County of Northampton, was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth. That the River Nyne is navigable from Peterborough to Lyn, Wijbich, and other Places; but by reason of Sands, fife, the same is not so, from a little above Peterborough to the said Town of Northampton; the making of which navigable

to Northampton will tend greatly to the Increase of Trade, and prevent the cutting much young Timber, preserve the Highways, and employ the Poor in the Navigation:

And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for making the same navigable from Peterborough to Northampton.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Towns of Ditto. Thrapfon, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the River Nyne is navigable from Peterborough to Lyn, Wijbich, and other Places; but, by reason of Sands, fife, the same is not so, from a little above Peterborough to the said Town of Northampton; the making of which navigable to Northampton will tend greatly to the Increase of Trade, and prevent the cutting much Timber, preserve the Highways, and employ the Poor in the Navigation:

And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for making the same navigable from Peterborough to Northampton.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and principal Ditto. Inhabitants, of the Town of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the River Nyne is navigable from Peterborough to Lyn,

Wijbich, and other Places; but, by reason of Sands, 8$c. the same is not so, from above Peterborough to the said Town of Northampton; the making of which navigable

will tend greatly to the Increase of Trade, and prevent the cutting of young Timber, preserve the Highways, and employ the Poor in Navigation: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for making the same navigable from Peterborough to Northampton.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Wykes, Mr. Mountague, and Mr. Wentworth, do prepare, and bring in, the lame

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire Highway into the Management and Application of all Sums of Trulls. Money which have been collected for repairing any

particular

Worcester . Workhouse.

Members

Ilfues for Navy

Services.

Answ«r to AUdress.

io° — ii* Martii. A. 1713.

particular tligWays, virtue of an Act of Parliament before this House; and that heT Majesty had been passed since her Majesty’s Accession to the Crown. pleased to give Directions accordingly.

And it is referred to Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Comptroller,

Colonel Palmer, Sir John Walter, Colonel Grant, Sir And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Pyn/ent Charnett , Sir Cha. Barrington, Sir Charles Tur- Morning, Nine of the Clock.

ver, Mr. North, Sir Robert Ddvers, Sir Tho. CroJJe, Sir __________'

Richard Hoar, Mr. Vernon, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr.

Chetwynd, Mr. Mdunidgue, Mr. Wykes, Mr. Trenchard,

Sir Richard Howe, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Edwards, Captain Chapman, Sir Fulw. Skipwish, Sir Geo. . Anno 13* Annse Reginas, 1713.

Wi arburton, M r.Pitt, Mr Jones, Mr. Freman, Mr Cafar, Prayers.

Mr. Jiertie, Sir Edw'ardTurner, Mr. Rolf, Mr. Raker, A PETITION of the Cordwainers and Curriers of Drawback Mr. Scobell, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Admiral Baker, Mr. Leicester was offered to the House, for taking off on Leather.

Norihmore, Sir Edward Williams, Mr. Bromley, Mr. the Drawback on exported Leather:

Pigott, Mr. Weaver, Mr. Wihdfor, Mr. Hale, Mr. Fair- And a Motion being made, and the Question being

fax, Mr. Ward, Mr. Cotes, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Ctirzon, put. That the Petition be brought up;

Mr. Bracebridge, Sir Robert Jenkinson: And they are to it paired in the Negative.

meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Rif That this House will receive no more Pe-

Chamber: And all that come are to have Voices: And titions this Session, for taking off the Drawback upon they have Leave to fit in a Morning, if they think fit: Leather exported.

And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and

Records. A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Reading

. Inhabitants, in and near the Parishes of St. Mary, in Road*.

A Petition of her Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, Reading, in the County of Berks, and the Parish of aiia of the Grand Jury, affetabled at the General Quar- Tilehurjlin the said County, in which Part of the High-fer SeflVons of thfe Peace, held for the County of Wor- way leading from the City of London to the Cities of cefier,.the Sixth Day Of October, ita the Twelfth Year of Rath and Bristol; and also of the Stage Coachmen, her Majesty’s Reign, was presented to the House, and Carriers, Waggoners, Higglers, and others, travelling read; felting forth. That the Petitioners are desirous to through the fame; was presented to the House, and build & Hohfe of Correction,' at their own Charge, for read; setting forth. That the Highway between the Punishment of difoitferly Persons; but there is no Place inn jn Reading, and Puntfeild, in the said County, by so coAVenient, hs Part of an old Building belonging to reason of the many Carriages, Sic, passing that Way, is the Came of Worcester, Which is her Majesty’s; but become dangerous to all Travellers, although the Inha-yields no Profit to her,: And playing a Bill maybe bitants have been at great Expences in amending the brought ih, 16 vest bn old Building, which Hands on fame: And praying a Bill may be brought in forre-Part Of the Ground of the Castle of Worcester, for the pairing the fame.

Pdrpbfe aforesaid. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

cording to "the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Comptroller and Mr. Calvert do prepare, and bring Mir. Pytfs, Sir John Packington, and Mr. Wyld, do pre- jn, the fame, part, and bring ih, the feme.

Mr.^w/Zee/presented tothe House, according to Order, oilivrr’s The House, riccoiding to Order, resolved itself into a Bill for the Sale of Part of the Estate of Oiliver, Ertate. a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther Gentleman, lying in the County of Devon, and City of of the Act, of the Ninth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, Exon, for the Payment of his Debts; and for makingPro-intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parlia- vision for the Maintenance and Education of his Daugli-fhents, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit inter: And the same was received; and read the First time, the Ho’ule of'Commons. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Fremantook t!he Chair of the Committee. Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according to Shepherd'*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Order, a Bill for repairing the Highways between Shord lloadi.

Mr. Freman reported from the Committee, That perds Shord, and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down they had farther considered the said Act; but had not Bagdon-in the County of and other ruinous tiOtiie to any Resolution. Parts of Highways thereunto adjoining: And the fame

was received; and read the first time.

Ordered, Thait an Account be laid before this House Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, df What Money issued for the Service of the Navy, out

of the Funds granted by Parliament for the Service of Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to insped Poor Law*, the Year 1712; and to what Uses applied; distin- the Laws relating to the Relief, Emp^mnent, and Settle-guished under the several Heads thereof. ment, of the Poor of this Kingdom, in order to reduce

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House them into a Method, and to make them more effectual: of what Money issued for the Service of the Navy, out And it is referred to Mr. Clarke, Sir Robert Jenkinson, of the Funds granted by Parliament for the Service of Sir Robert Davers, Sir Matt. Dudley, Sir Wm.

ihe Year 1713; and to what Uses applied; distin- locke. Sir Geo. Beaumont, Colonel Mr

guished under the several Heads thereof. Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Sir Bryan Stapleton, Mr.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Cholmon Mr. Rozvney, Sir Tho. Wroth, Captain Majesty, That Hie will be pleased to give Directions to Chapman, Sir Richard Howe, Sir Mr.

the proper Officers to lay the said Accounts before this Pringle, Sir John Cope, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Tho. Cave,

House. Mr. Cotes, Mr. Harvey, Sir Colonel Pal-

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her mer, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Campion, Sir John Hind

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Mr. Randyll, Mr. Ferrier, \U.Cunningham, Mv.Thomp-

Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council. foil, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Arth. Kay,

Sir Edward Tumor, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Bracebridge,

Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the House, That Mr. Onslow, Mr. Auditor Foley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Scobell, their Address of Yesterday had been presented to her Mr. Bulled, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Mr. Secretary

Majesty, That Ihe would be pleased to give Directions Bromley, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, to the proper Officers, That the several States, Efti- Sir Wm. Pole, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Snell, Lord Doicne, mates, and Accounts therein mentioned, might be laid Mr. Baylie, Mr. Carnegie, Sir Sir Tho.

20 Crcjfe,

Jovts, 11* die Martii;

13 Ann. il°' — i

Crosse, Mr. Vernon: And they are to lttfeetthid Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; anti to fit dedie in diem And all that come ate to have Voices: And the Committee have Leave to fit in a Morning.

Yarmouth A Bill for the building a new Church, or Chapel of thiuch. F/ife, in Great Yarmouth, in the County of , by

a Duty or Imposition on all Coals, Culm, or Cinders, to be landed there, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. I’errier, Mr. North, Mr. Clayton, Sir fVm. Barker, Sir Cha.Turner,'Sir. Bene, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Robert Kemp, Mr. Hedtvort Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Cotesworth, Sir Robert Dai'Crb, Mr. Nexvland, Mr. Blackmore, Mr. Siblholp, Mr. Sir Tho. Crosse,

Mr. Chainwndeley, Mr. Levinz, S\r Gilbert Lord

Downe, Sir Chrifio. Musgrave, Mr. Edoji, Mr. Douglas, Mr. IVrigk/Jon, SirSir Mr.

Pitt, Mr. WindJ'or-, and all that serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to tneet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’6 Chamber.

Limiting Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for othcers in securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the t e oue. Numijer of Officers in the House of Commons: And that Sir Arthur Kay, the Lord Downe, Mr. Cholmondley, and Mr. Heysham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Publication Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-ot Libels. ing next> ref0lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration that Part of her Majesty’s Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to the suppressing seditious Libels, and fastio us Humours.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V zneris, 12° Martii;

Anno 13* Annae Regina, 1713.

Praters.

Vt ig?nn rp H E House being informed. That the Petition of ecuon. _|_ James Barry Earl of Barrymore in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Orlando Bridgman Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of IViggan, in the County of Lancaster, is notfignedby the Petitioners;

Ordered, That it be an Instructton to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, before they proceed on the said Petition, That they do examine into the Manner of signing the fame.

itching A Petition of several Owners, Proprietors, and Occu-

Navigutwn. pjers> Gf Lan(js lying near the River alias -

ing, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, in the 16th and 17th Years of KingCVmr/erthe Second, an Act was made for making divers Rivers navigable; and intended for the Advantage of the Subjects; but, for want of sufficient Power in the Justices, and several Clauses toexplain the fame, it hath not been of Effect to answer the Ends for which it was made; but becomes a Grievance to the Petitioners: And praying, a Bill may be brought in, to explain, and make more effectual, tire aforesaid Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Harris, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Lewis, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Privilege — Mr. Speakcracquainted the House, That heYelterday

Pnbc to Mr recc*ved a letter, signed by one John Quin, with a Pester. tition inclosed, drawn in a Form to be presented to the House; in which Letter is contained a scandalous Offer of a Sum of Money, to be paid to him upon passing such Vox.. 1 7-

4° Maftii. 493

an Act of Parliament, as was defirfed ihthe laidPctitiUn:

Which Letter was read; and is as follows;

Honoured Sir,

I’m desired, by a Brother of minfe, to feed re Three hundred Guineas to any body that will procure the Act he expects, by the inclosed Petition. I presume to beg your Honour will be pleased to perUfe it; and resolve me if you think fit to put it into the Hauds of somebody that will do it; Mr. Daniel Arthur, of this City, Merchant, securing that Sum shall be paid ybur Honouf, when the Act is delivered him, recorded and printed. I have a Draught of the Act my Brother fek-pests; and the Certificates, and Address, mentioned id the Petition. I beg your Honour Will bte pleased I may know by your Porter, when I may wait to know youh Honour’s Result. 1 aih.

Your Honour’s hidft buhiBlfe Servant,

John Qaih.

London, the 1 ith Mar. 1713.

Ordered, That the said John Quin be fentfor immediately, intoCuliody of the Serjeant at Arbis attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Arthur, named in the said Letter, be fumtnoned to attend this House immediately.

Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the Hottfe, That Answer to their Addresses of Wednesday lad had been presented to *'

her Majesty, That file would be pleased to give Infections to the proper Officers to lay before this House an Account of what Money issued for the Service of the Navy, out of the Funds granted by Parliament for the Service of the Years 1712 and 1713; and to what UfeS applied; and that her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions accordingly.

A Complaint being made to the House of Three Privilege-printed Pamphlets; Obe, intituled)77/eEngIifliman,-/r°w* Publications Saturday, January 16, toTUefday January 19111,1744; wherein is a printed Letter to the to which

is subscribed the Name Richard Steele; another, intituled, The Crijis; in thfe Title Page whereof it is said. By Richard Steele Esquire-, and the other, intituled. The Englishunan; being the Close of the Paper so called; in the Title Page whereof it is also said. By Richard Steele Esquire;as containing several Paragraphs tend-

ing to Sedition; highly reflecting upon her Majesty, and arraigning her Adminifirdtion and Government;

The said Pamphlets were brought up to the Clerk’d Table.

Whereupon the Journal of the 25th of November,

6* Anna Regina, relating to the Complaint of a Book, wrote by Mr. AJgill, then a Member of the Hodfe, wad called for, and read: And also the Journal of the 31(1 of December, 8° Anna Regina, relating to the Complaint of Two Sermons, preached by Doctor Sacheverell, Was called for, and read.

Ordered, That Richard Steele Esquire, a Member of this House, do attend this House in his PlaceTo-morrow Morning.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Navy and of the Expence of the Navy, and Victualing, between the 30th (if September 1710, and the 31st of December xp uce‘ following.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of the Sum Total, of which the Capital of the South Sea Stock did consist, on the 25th of December 1713; and also of the particular Tallies and Orders, Bills, Tickets, Certificates, and Debentures, which have been taken or admitted into the said Joint Stock; and the Sums' for which they respectively were taken.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, how much of the Capitalof the South Sea Stock has been admitted, or subscribed, for the Use of the Publick; and at what time the Whole, or any Part thereof, vVas aftu-ally admitted, or subscribed; and what lntcreli hath

£ K been

494

.12° — 13° — 15° Martii. A. 1713.

been paid, or Dividends made, thereupon; to whom; and at. what time.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, how much of the Publick Stock has been transferred half-yearly; and to what Uses it has been applied; and what remains of it.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House of the Value of the Stores which were in the several Yards of the Navy at riftmas 17x0, and also at Chr if mas 1713.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of the Ships, and old Stores, which have been fold in the Years 1712 and 1713; and for how much they were so fold.

Refohrd, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That die will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, That the said Accounts and Estimate may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by fitch Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Privilege — The House being informed, That John Quin was

Oiler ot a brought, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms; and that ®"e'££Mr* Mr. Arthur attended;

' e ’ Mr. Arthur was called in; and examined: And said,

He knew Mr. Quin; and that the Letter was Mr. Quins Hand-writing: Hut said. He had no Money of Mr.

Quin's Brother’s in his Hands: Upon which the House thought not fit to do any thing touching Mr. Arthur.

And then he withdrew.

Afterwards, the said John Quin was brought in to the Bar; and was also examined, touching the Letter by him sent to Mr. Speaker.

And then withdrew.

And the said John Quin remained in Custody of the Serjeant.

And (hen the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 130 die Martii;

Anno 130 Annas Reginas, 1713.

Prayers.

New Sarum A J\R- Speaker acquaints the House, That he had re-

Eltciion. JLVjL ceived a Letter, signed by Mr. Robert Pitt the Petitioner, and Mr. Richard Jones the SittingMember, for the City oi New Sarum-, signifying. That the Day appointed for the hearing the Matter, touching the Election for the said City, is inconvenient for several Persons who are Witnesses both for the Petitioner and Sitting Member, to attend; and desiring, That another Day may be appointed.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election be heard at the Bar of this House upon the Third Day of April next.

l»riviitSf — A Petition of John Quin, of the Kingdom of Ireland, a iw.m m in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for writing the Let-Cmlo.lv, pc- (er to Mr. Speaker, which the House was informed of D.scharcf. Yesterday, was presented to the House, and read; set-c ting forth, That the Petitioner’s Brother, living In the Kingdom of Ireland, and having Occasion for an Act of Parliament to be passed here, in relation to his private Ati’.-irs, tranlinitted to the Petitioner a Petition, to be preferred to this honourable House for that Purpose; and the Petitioner, being unskilled in such Matters, did fend a Letter to have Advice of the Right honourable Sir Thomas i/anmer;not in the least to stain his Honour or Character: That the Petitioner begs Pardon for his laid Offence: Arid praying to be discharged out of

l.i.s C'uiiody.

Ordered, flint the said John Quin be brought to the Bar upon Monday Morning next, in order to his Discharge.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, pursuant to Ssatli ?ea her Majesty’s Commands, upon their Address, an Efti- Company, male for the South Sea Company for 1714: And also,

Accounts of the Publick Supplies for 1713; and of South Sea Stock from the Tenth of 1713 to the

Eleventh of March 17-ff:

And the Titles thereof were read:

And the said Estimate for the South Sea Company, for One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen, is as follows; viz.

The Fund for the South Sea Company, to be paid Quarterly between £. s. d. ChHftmas 1713 and Chri/hnas 1714 568,279 10

The Allowance for Charges of managing the Affairs of the said Company, to be paid Quarterly within the same time, is ..... 8,000 — —

Total - - 576,279 10 —

The Duty of nd. per Bushelon Salt, to arise within the said Year, being estimated according to the net Produce of the preceding Year, over and above so much as is applicable to Interest of the Loans on the general Mortgage for 1710, will make about - 25,400 — - —

Remainderis the Provision to be made for the said Company for the Yean 714 550,879 10 —

This, pursuant to her Majesty’s Command, on an Address of this honourable Houi'e, is humbly presented, by me,

Wm. Lowndes.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts of the publick Supplies for 1713; and of South Sea Stock from the 10th of April 1713 to the nth of March 174 a, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Nlr.Steeleattending in his Place, according to Order; Several Paragraphs in the printed Pamphlets, complained of Yesterday, were read:

And Mr. Steele desiring time till Thursday next, to be heard touching the fame;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Pamphlets be adjourned until Thursday Morningnext.

Privilege-Publications by Mr. Steefo

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to publication resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Libels, confuler of that Part of her Majesty’s Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to seditious Libels, and fastious Rumours;

Resolved, That this House will resolve itself into the said Committee upon this Day Seven night.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 150 die Martii j

Anno 13* Annae Regina?, 1713.

Prayers.

SI It John I^cahe presented to the House, by her N.wy Majesty’s Command, pursuant to their Address for Linuia:*. that Purpose,

An Estimate of the Debt of her Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads within mentioned, as it flood on the 31 ft of December 1713: And also.

The Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1714:

And the Titles thereof were read.

The said Estimate of the Debt of her Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads within mentioned, as it flood on the 31st of December 1713, is as followeth;

Navy

13 Ann.

15° Martii.

495

Navy Office, February 1713.)

Ay ESTIMATE of the Debt ofher Majesty’s Navy on the Heads hereafter mentioned, as it flood on the 31st December 1713.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear, ordinary and extraordinary Repairs:

Due for the Freight of Hospital Ships, and Tenders; as also for Stores delivered into her Majesty’s several Yards; for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1713; as also to several Bills of Exchange -

To her Majesty’s Yards and Rope-yards for the Ordinary and Extraordinary thereof -

Seamens Wages:

To pay the Men unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off flnee the Resolution, may require, per Estimate, the Sum of

To Ships in Sea-pay, on the abovesaid 31st December 17x 3

To pay off, and discharge, all the Bills, entered in Course for Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans, Pilotage, (§’c. on the Head of Seamens Wages -

Victualing Debt, as an Estimate received from those Commissioners:

For short Allowance to the Companies of her Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off

For Bills on their Course; and also Bills of Exchange from foreign Parts; or necessary and extra’ necessary Money, and Wages to the Officers, Workmen, and liabourers, employed at the several Ports, He.

Sick and Wounded, and for Exchange of French Prisoners, the Debt of that Office, as by an Estimate received from those Commissioners, viz.

Due for the Service of lick and wounded Seamen, serving aboard

her Majesty’s Fleet ——

For Subsistence of French Prisoners

Total, One Million Seven hundred Eighty-four thousand Nine hundred and Eleven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Four Pence.

Debts, as they Hood on the 31st December 1713.

£ d.

29,862 IO 10

£ 174,200 ——

j 123,889 ——

1,280,400 -» —

s

6,796 16 —

| 121,668 13 5

1

21,414 3 10

26,401 17 8

280 13 7

TOTAL.

s.

204,064 10 10

1,411,085 16 —

143,080 17 3

26,68* 11 3

1,784.911 15 4

Vo 17.

Memorandum 3

D

CO'

r-h

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

eg

FT

Memorandum: There was remaining in the late and present Treasurers of the Navy’s Hands, on the 31st of December 1713, in Money, Tallies, and Sotith Sea $tock, as under-mentioned;

and may be reckoned towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy; viz.

In what Treasurers Hands.

In Money, Tallies, and South Sea Stock.

Executors of Sir C In Money

Thomas Littleton. (In Tallies on Reversions of Annuities

Robert Walpole Esquire.

In Money -

In Tallies on the 5th General Mortgage, 1709 In Tallies on Candles -In Tallies on Malt, A' 1710

ln South Stock -

Charles Cafar Esquire.

r In Money ..... In Tallies.on Hops, A* 1711 -on Malt, A° 1711 -on Malt, A° 1712 -on Malt, A0 1713 -on Reversions of Annuities on the 14th iiijiA Aid In South Sea Stock ..

In the Hands i of the Cashier I

for sick and \ In South Sea Stock wounded Sea- f men. I

On the Heads of

Wear and Tear, and Ordinary.

£. S. d.

955 — I

3,776 8 2

62 1.8 9

618 12 8

*7*79° *4 9»

1,400 ——

24,665 12 —

59,269 18 4i

Seamens Wages.

£. s. d. 2,334 11 nf

35& 6 6i

17,427 17 H

20,118 16 i£

Victuals.

£ St d.

166 a if

— 8 11

288 3 2f 7,099 10

1,000 ——

i»373 8

9*927 *3 2

Reserved for such Uses as the Right honourable the Lord High Treasurer shall direct.

TOTALS

£. s. d. £. s. d.

*..04' - - } *6° 6 "

Crt

93 *9 1,) 5*96 18 g

ro

10,660 ——

4,690 16 8

10,400 ——

5,000 ——

56,435 16 4

39,669 ——

551*163 5 Hi

I.

758,776 2 41

683,216 19 — Total - £.

772*533 6 8^ 1,280 13 7

773,814 — 31

3

i3 Ann. . *5* MartH.

497

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1714 is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordnaao Mr. WindJbr presented to the House, by her Majesty’s

Efumite. Command, pursuant to their Address for that Purpose, an Estimate of the Charge in the Office of her Majesty’s Ordnance for the Year 1714, for Land Service:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Estimate is as followsviz.

An ESTI MATE of the Charge in the Office of her Majesty’s Ordnance for the Year 1714.

Land Service.

The Charge of the Officers, fife, at Dunkirk, from the 23d of June 1713 to d.

23d of June 1714 - 3,424 *8 4

the Ordinary of the Office, comprising Salaries, Kents, Repairs of Store-houses,

Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garisons, and other incident Charges 28,273 13 9 The yearly Charge of Officers, fife, at Port Makone ----- 3,504 — —

The yearly Charge of Officers, We. at Gibraltar - - - - 3,175 10 —

'flie Charge of repairing the Fortifications, and making some additional Works there ----- 8,096 6 1

Bedding for 1,500 Men - - - 2,500 -

Additional Stores for the Garison - 2,696 4 1

The yearly Charge of Officers, fife, at Annapolis Royal - - - - 1,058 io —

The yearly Charge of Officers, fife, at Placentia ----- - 1,076 15 —

The yearly Charge of Officers, fife, belonging to the Trainof Artillery in North Britain - - - - 1,475 18 9

1.55,281 16 —

W. C. Mufgrade, D. King.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Hopfe.

Edinburgh A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Heritors, Bridges and of the County of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, Highway*. read; setting forth. That by the great repair of

Coaches, fife, to and from Edinburgh through the said County, the Highways and Bridges are much out of Repair: That, by the Privy Council in Scotland, there was a Duty laid on all Carts, fife, passing that Way, to be applied for the Repair thereof j but will expire the Second of August next: And praying the former Duties may be continued for a certain Number of Years.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lockhart and Sir James Stuart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Olive/* A Bill for the Sale of Part of the Estate of Joseph tftau. Olliver Gentleman, lying in the County of Devon, and City of Exon, for the payment of his Debts; and for making Provision for the Maintenance and Education of his Daughter; was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bulled, Mr. Quick, Mr. Laugharne, Mr. Nicholls, Sir Kay, Sir Edward Ernley, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. North-more, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Ferrier, Nlx.Scobell, Mr. Roll, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bei'kley, Sir Chichester, Mr. Trench ard, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Mr. Collier, Mr.

Worth, Sir Tho. Crosse, Mr. Vernon, Lord Mr.

Carnegy, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Foley, Sir Cha. Keymis, Sir W hi.Courtenay, Mr. Aldworth, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Auditor; and all that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, East India of the Produce of the Funds for Payment of the Annui- Company ties to the East India Company to Michaelmas last. Annum*.

Refolded, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That flie will be pleased to give Directions,

That the said Account may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members Of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Regulating the better regulating the Forces to be continued in her Land Force*. Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters: And that Wt.Gwynn,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, General Webb, and Mr. Clayton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Edward Knatchbull reported from the Committee, Exporting to whom it was referred to consider of proper Heads for Wocl-a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Running of Wool, That they had prepared proper Heads for that Purpose: which they haddirested him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follows;

Refolded, That the Register, or Entry, of all unwrought Wool, be made throughout the whole Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland.

Refolded, That all Permits, or Sufferances, whereby any unwrought Wool is removed, be extended to all the Persons that shall buy it, or to whose Use it shall be delivered.

Refolded, That all Persons receiving any unwrought Wool do give a Receipt for the fame; that it may be traced through the several Hands till the same be fully manufactured.

Refolded, That upon Information of any Quantity of unwrought Wool, or Woollen Yarn, that is run, any J uftiees of the Peace of the County shall have '

Power to summons the Party, and, upon Conviction, to levy a Penalty upon his Goods and Chattels; out of which thelnformer. Aider, and Assister, is to be rewarded.

Refolded, That all Persons removing Wool at any time, except between Sun and Sun, shall be liable to the Penalty, and be deemed Runners of Wool.

Refolded, That all Persons have Power to seize the

Person or Persons, as well as the Wool, of such who shall remove it in the Night time.

Refolded, That not above Men shall be

allowed to travel with any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, of Wool; and not above Men to

Horses, loaded with Wool: And if such Person or Persons be found armed, to be deemed Runner or Runners of Wool, and be liable to the same Penalties.

Refolded, That every Custom-house Officer, or others concerned in the Execution of this Act, shall be obliged to grant a Permit, or Sufferance, when demanded.

Refolded, That every Custom-house Officer, or others concerned in the Execution of this Act, shall be obliged todischarge his Book from the Entry, upon the Sufferance granted.

Refolded, That every Custom-house Officer, or others concerned in the Execution of this Act, who, upon Information, shall refuse or neglect to apprehend the Person or Persons of those who shall be concerned in Running of Wool, shall suffer the Penalty of

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Campion, Mr. Pytts, and Mr. Scobell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

6 L The

49? 15* — 16" Martii. A. 1713.

Lurgershall

Writ.

Answer to Address.

Limiting Oflictrs in the House.

Demolition of Dunkirk.

Rcfuknce of the Pretender in Lorrain.

Supply-

The honourable John Richmalias being

chosen a Burgess for the Borough of alias

Medena, in the County of Southampton; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Lurgerjin the County of Wilts; made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Newport.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Lurgershall, in the room of the said Mr. Webb.

Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the House, That their Address of Friday last having been presented to her Majesty, that the would be pleased to give Directions, That the Accounts and Estimate therein mentioned might be laid before this House; her Majesty had been pleased to say, She will give Directions accordingly.

Sir Arthur Kay presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That Ihe will be pleased to give Directions, That the several Representations of her Majesty’s Engineers and Officers, who have had the Care and I11-spection of the Demolition of and all Orders

and Instructions given thereupon; may be laid before this House;

The previous Question was put, That that Question be now put.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Telta forth,

Teller, for tin Noes, j Cllistnidey Sc it paired in the Negative.

Resolved, Nemine cantradicenle, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That Ihe will be pleased to order an Account to be laid before the House, what Steps have been made for the removing the Pretender from the Dominions of the Duke of pursuant to the Address of both Houses of the last Parliament; and what Answers have been given to her Majesty, or any of her Ministers, by the Duke of Lorrain, or any of his Ministers.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee.

Privilege — John Quin, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms at-A Person in tending this House, was, according to Order, brought iS?- to the Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received a discharged, Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said John be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ipswich Ordered, That the hearing the Merits of the Election I.ledum. for the Borough of Ipswich, in the County of , which was appointed to be heard at the Bar upon the 2 5th Instant, he put off until Wednesday the last Day of March Instant.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees which were appointed to meet this Afternoon be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 16" die Martii;

Anno 13* Annie Reginas, 1713.

Praters.

MR. Cartwright presented to the House, according Nyne to Order, a Bill for making the River Nyne or Navigation. Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough navigable: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Calvert presented to the House, according to Reading Order, a Bill for repairing the Highways between the Roads. Rear Inn in Reading, in the County of Berks, and a certain Place called Puntfeild, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Henry Campion Esquire, being chosen a Knight of the H?Ifton

Shire for the County of Suffer; and also a Burgess for Writ>

the Borough of Helston, in the County of Cornwall; made his Election to serve for the said Countvof*Sw^.r.

Ordered, That. Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Helston, in the room of the said Mr. Campion.

A Bill for repairing the Highways between Shepherd's Shepherd's Shord and Horsey Upright Gate, leading ^md Roads.

hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of Highways thereunto adjacent, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Howe, Mr, Roll, Mr. Hyde, Sir Edward Stradling, Mr.

Vernon, Colonel Grahm, Mr. Bayly, Mr. Mr.

Comptroller, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Calvert, Sir John Mor-

daunt. Sir C 'ha.Turner, Mr. Cholmon Mr. Quick,

Mr. Hungerford, Mr, Laugharn, Mr. Mr. Cref-

sett, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Aldworth; and all that serve for the

Counties of Somersetand Wilts: And they are to meet

this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the hearing the Woodstock Merits of the Election for the Borough of New Wood- Eelction. stock, in the County of Oxon;

The Counsel for the Petitioners, and also for the Sitting Members, were called in:

And then the Petition was read:

And the Counsel were heard, touching the Matter of the Right of Election for the said Borough:

And the Petitioners Counsel infilling, the Right is in the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, and Freemen, of the said Borough, living as well without the Borough, as within the same:

And the Sitting Members Counsel infilling the Right was only in the Freemen, Residents and Inhabitants of the said Borough;

Several Witnesses were examined on the Petitioners Part; and on the Sitting Members Part: And the Inspeximusoithe Charter of King Henry the Sixth was read:

Whereupon the Counsel on both Sides were heard, touching the Right of Election.

And then they withdrew.

Resolved, That the Right of electing Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Woodstock, in the County of Oxon, is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and,

Freemen, of the said Borough.

After which the Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Petitioners and Sitting Members Counsel examined several Witnesses.

And

i3 Ann. i6° — 17* Martii.

499

And the Counsel on both Sides were farther heard.

And, being withdrawn;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Sir Tho. Wheat Baronet is duly elected a Bur-

gefn to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of A fewWoodjiock, in the County of Oxon;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } *4*

Tellers for the Noes,^: } ’94'

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That William Cadogan Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Woodstock;

It pasted in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Vincent Okely Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess

to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Woodstock;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Sir Tho. Sebright Baronet is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of New Woodstock;

It palfed in the Negative.

Re Jolted, That the late Election for the said Borough of New Woodstock is a void Election.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 17* die Martii;

Anno 13* Annas Reginte, 1713.

Prayers.

ABIL L for repairing the Highway or Road from Worcester the City of Wiorcejer to the Borough of , Roiwi*

in the County of Worcester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Packington, Mr. Pytls, Sir John , Sir Wm.

Whitbcke, Mr. North, Sir Christo. Mr. Jennings, Mr. Foley, Sir John Rushout, Sir Wm. Carew, Mr.

Chamberlain, Sir Arth. Kay, Sir Wm , Mr. Eden,

Mr. Rowney, Mr. Clarges, Mr. Ferrier, Sir Tho. CroJJe,

Mr. Newland, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. JVyld, Sir Fulwar Skiprcith, Sir Richard Howe, Mr. Hyde, Sir Edward Godyer; and all that serve for the County of Worcester

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, by her Ma- East India jesty’s Command, pursuant to their Address for that Company's Purpose, an Account shewing the Deficiency, at Mi- I'und> chaelmas 1713, of the yearly Fund of £.160,000 for the Company, and others, trading to the East Indies:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

17th Mar. 17;’.

ACCOUNT shewing the Deficiency, at Michaelmas 1713, of the yearly Fund of £.160,000 settled by the Act of Parliament, y° WillielmiIII. for the Company, and others, trading to the East Indies; which yearly Fund is charged upon the Duties of iZd. per Bushel on Salt, and certain additional Duties on Paper, SCc.

£. f. d.

The Overplus of the said Fund at Michaelmas 1712 was -

The net Produce thereof between Michaelmas 1712 and Michaelmas 1713;

- 223 17 — i

In the Quarter to Christmas 1712 Lady-day 1713 Mid Jammer 1713 Michaelmas 1713

Deficiency at Michaelmas 1713 -

19>€74

23,612

16,222

57>689

*7

J9

2

16 8

9*

8 i

117,199 16 7f

117»423 13 8 42,576 6 4

£.160,000 -T

In Obedience to her Majesty’s Commands, on an Address of this honourable House, this Deficiency is dated, and humbly presented, by me,

Wm.Lowndes.

These are to certify, That there was deficient at Michaelmas last, upon the annual Fund of £.160,000 settled by the Act of Parliament, 9* Willielmi III. for the Company, and others, intitled to the Trade to the East , the Sum of Forty-two thousand Five hundred Seventy-six Pounds Six Shillings and Fourpence.

Exchequer, 17 th Mar. 1713. Hallifax.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That (he will be pleased to give Directions, That an Account may be laid before this House of the Deficiency, at Michaelmas 1713, of the yearly Fund of£ 186,670, for the Claftis Lottery of Two millions, in the Year 1711.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That (he will be pleased to give Directions, That an Account may be laid before this House of the Deficiency, at Michaelmas 1713, of the yearly Fund of£.i68,oo3 for the Claflis Lottery of £.1,800,000 in the "\ear 1712.

Ordered, That the said Addrertes be presented to her NIajeliy, by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee appointed to inquire into the Management and Application of all Sums of Money, which have been collected Voi. 17.

for the repairing any particular Highways, by virtue of any Act of Parliament, parted since her Majesty’s Accession to the Crown, That they do consider of proper Means for the more effectual repairing the said Highways; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Joseph Martyn, Joseph Jory, Rowland Nevis and St.

Try on, Samuel Ball, John Travers, Stephen Duport, John Christopher’s Mills, Daniel Alford, Nathaniel Carpenter, and James Sufterers. Campbell, of London, Merchants, in behalf of themselves, and others, Sufferers, and Agents for Sufferers, by the late Invasion of the French in the Islands of Nevis and St. Christopher's,was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That the Petitioners, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament, have performed all on their Parts, by proving their Losses, obtaining Debentures, and registering the fame, pursuant to the Directions 1 he said Acts; and have applied themselves to the Directors of the South Sea Company before December lafi, to be admitted tofubferibe the said Debentures into the South Sea Stock; yet, notwithstanding which, and her Majesty’s

Commission,

500 17* — 18*

Commission, directed to the said Directors, to admit the Petitioners to subscribe into said Stock, they have been refused; to the Ruin of many Families; a Stop to the Credit of laid islands in general; and of great Prejudice to her Majesty’s Customs, by the Trade thereof: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Com/ers also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move, That they may have I cave to fit again.

Resolved, That the House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Committee Ordered, That the several Estimates and Accounts on Educate* relating to the Supply granted to her Majesty, which aadAecounto. have been laid before this House, be referred to the Consideration of a select Committee: And that they do examine the fame; and report the Fasts to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Sir

Tho. CroJJe, Sir Arth. Kay, Mr. Shackerlcy, Mr. Bof-catoen, Mr. Poultney, Sir Mr.

Mr. Pytts, Mr. Annejley, Sir St. Quintin, Mr. lyeot, Mr. Compton, Mr. Freman, Mr. Cafar, the Earl of Hartford, Mr. Brijiow, Mr. Vernon, Mr Sir

Roger Mojtyn, Mr. A/J Sir Gilbert Mr.

Jennings, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Smith, Mr. Eyres, Mr.

Guynn, Mr. Wm for. Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Foley, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Campion, Mr. Bulteel, Lord Wm. lett , Mr. Gore, Mr. Ward, Colonel Grahm, Mr. Hey-sham, Mr. Gould, Mr. Hojkins, Mr. Eyles, Mr. Vicechamberlain, Sir James Stuart, Sir James Campbell, Sir Samuel Ongley, Colonel Stephens, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Hampden, Mr. North, Sir Matth. Dudley, Mr. Budge, Mr. Clarges, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Edward KnalchbuU, Mr. Levintz, Mr. Secretary Bromley, Brigadier Windsor, Mr. Mr. Hare, Mr.

Goulston, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Yeaman, Sir Robert Davers, Lord Harley, Mr. Roll, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Hopkyns, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Stuart, Sir Richard Hoar, General RoJJe, Mr. Southwell: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit de die in diem: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and have Leave to fit in a Morning, if they think fit.

An Twer to Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the House, That Add ref*, their Address of Monday last, had been presented to her Majesty, That Ihe would be pleased to order an Account to be laid before this House, what Steps have been made for removing the Pretender from the Dominions of the Duke of Lorrain, pursuant to the Address of both Houses of the last Parliament; and what Answers have been given to her Majesty, or any of her Ministers, by the Duke of Lorrain, or any of his Ministers: And that her Majesty had been pleased to order the said Account to be laid before this House.

Woodstock A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

W ht. That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the ('lent of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the So-rough of New WoodJlock, in the County of Oxon, in the

Martii. . 1713.

room of Sir Thomas Wheat Baronet, and Wm. Cadcgan Esquire; whose Election hath been declared void;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Te».re for be W? -S-

TdIersforth.No]-S-So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 18° die Martii;

Anno 13* Annas Regime, 1713.

PftAYERS.

ORDERED, That Thomas Pitt Esquire have Andover Leave to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an kiettwn. undue ITeftion and Return for the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Thomas Pitt Esquire and Edward Ash " ilu Esquire, have Leave to withdraw their Petition, com- Ele&on. plaining of an undue Election and Return for the Coun-ty of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Andonr the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for 'Vriu the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir Ambrof Knight, deceased.

Mr. Chetxoynd reported from the Committee appoint- Highway ed to inquire into the Management and Application Trufi*. of all Sums of Money which have been collected for repairing any particular Highways, by virtue of any Act of Parliament passed since her Majesty’s Accession to the Crown, That they had considered the Matter touching the Act, made in the 9th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway between Hockley and Dunstable, in the County of Bedford; and that it appeared to the Committee, That the yearly Receipt, taken at a Medium, of the Three Years, amounts to £240; and that there has been expended, more than received, on the Highway near £.1,000 by reason of the great Distance of Materials; and that the Committee had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where they were read j and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for the effectual Repairing of the abovesaid Road, it will be necessary that a Duty be laid upon single Horses travelling that Road, which at present pay nothing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Power be given to the Commissioners, for putting the said Act in execution, to oblige the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, within which this Road lies, to perform Three Days Work, upon the said Road, of the Six Days they are obliged to by the Statutes of this Realm for the Repairing Highways, at the Direction of the Surveyor thereof, appointed by the said Commissioners.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Pincent Charnock, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Chettoynd, and Mr. Chapman, do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretar y Bromley acquainted the House, That their Aofar»

Address, of Yesterday, hath been presented to her Ma- Addrta. jesty, That lhe would be pleased to give Directions, That Accounts of the Deficiency of the yearly Funds for the

24 Classis

i3 Ann.

i 8° Ma

501

Ships in Stapay.&c.

Claflis Lotteries in One thousand Seven hundred and Eleven, and One thousand Seven hundred and Twelve, may be laid before this House; and that her Majesty has been pleased to give Order accordingly.

Mr. Aifiabie, from the Lords Commissioners of the

Admiralty, presented to the House, by her Majesty’s Command, pursuant to their Address for that Purpose, an Account of all the Ships in Sea-pay which have been employed, with the several Complements, or Number of Men borne, or mustered, from the 25th of December One thousand Seven hundred and Twelve to the First of July lad: And also,

An Account of all the Ships in Sea-pay, which have been employed, with the several Complements of the Number of Men borne, or mustered, from the First of July last to the First of March instant: And also.

An Account of what Money was received.by the Treasurer of the Navy, for the Service of the Navy, out of the Funds granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Yeara One thousand Seven hundred and Twelve, and One Thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen; and to what Uses applied; under the several Heads thereof: And also,

An Account of all Orders for discharging any Ships, since the First of July last, with the Times of their Discharge:

And the Titles thereof were read.

The said Accounts are as follow; viz.

Admiralty Office, A k ACCOUNT of all the Ships in Sea-pay which have been employed, with the 17th March 1744. several Complements or Number of Men borne, or mustered, from the 25th December

1712 to the ift of July last; prepared by the Queen’s Command, in pursuance of an Address to her Majesty from the honourable House of Commons.

ABSTRACT of the within Account.

MEN.

r rt

« s

'a, § 1 4» cs 53

<5 ts

December ----- - 3*,94* 30,881 27,068

January ----- - 3M*7 28,461 25,479

February - *9.9*4 27,239 24.349

March - - 30.699 26,846 24,196

April 30.844 27,052 24,228

May ..... *9.339 *5,476 23,680

June ----- - 26,094 22,927 21,246

Vot 17

M

Admiralty

f7SSA mJt£rC$ IfJiuA o'* b°eVmp °5'? > Wit\the feve' CfTP'ron,s’ or N"mber "f M«.«»"» or mnBered, from the ,th of De.

1________ 7 _' "* '11 °' J"'J'loft> P,clmml h-v the Uucen s Command, in pursuance of an Addrefeto her Maiafto, from (he honourable ihe House of Comm,

RATE.

g

CQ

r — H

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

o

5Q_

rT

2

3

4

SHIPS NAMES.

December 171

Blenheim -

Bedford -

Boyne -

Bredah -

Conrand - -

Captain -

Dcfyance -

Elizabeth -

Grafton - -

Hampton Court AV/tf -

Monmouth -

Northumberland -Sterling Castle < Somersett - -

Yarmouth -

Cumberland - -

August -

singlefea -

Antilope - -

A?. Albans -

Advice - -

Bona dvent ure

Burlington -lxippon - -

LVj/M - -Centurion Chester - -

Colchester Chatham - -

Crown

Canterbury -Dunkirk -Dartmouth -Dreadnought

M E N.

a

o

U

710

380

520

380

520

440

400

440

440

440

380

415

440

440

540

440

36.)

130

240

240

240

240

240

C5

Chjo

290

516

270

5-4

451

3*8

421

344

440

251

519

433

432

427

343

240

280

280

280

280

240

320

3(i5

280

3 2°

404

114

210

229

212

220

196

227

3°3

282

273

234

222

3*5

347

304

263

66 2 186

509

130

510

439

386

351 116

433

223

500

433

426

256

156

4f>3

99

131

186

190

210

62

130

283

27S

267

214

176

281

346

290

January17 12.

M I '. N.

Complement. Borne. <v u. V c: 3

710 696 662

380 276 222

440 34* 373

520 524 510

440 451 439

400 354 332

380 340 220

440 306 247

440 365 293

415 5*9 500

440 433 433

440 432 420

440 33 3 228

380 289 178

365 404 403

130 120 1 10

240 169 112

240 234 2l8

240 216 207

240 168 78

240 103 57

280 303 284

280 to cc 278

280 273 267

240 100 70

240 197 *25

320 *92 *37

3t>5 347 346,

280 304 288

320 262 241

February 1712. March 1712.

M E N. MEN.

c C 01

3 'em «T *2 u <u a JU *ci. oj s u C/

l i OQ C5 1 ' C pa q-i 3 13

JIO i 696 662 7-10 696 C62

- 25-1 - 210 440- 406 - 34* '

440 1 z8i 209 440 *52 120

520 524 5*o 520 524 5*o

440 45- 499 440 - 451 - 439 '

400 3$7 352 400 3# 340

38° 263 184 380 . *21 84

440 227 *53 440 ‘ 2l« 1165

4*5 519 5oo 415 5*9 500

440 433 433 440 433 433

440 432 426 440 43* 426

440 2Q2 r- _ 12§ 440 28jl *75

380 206 *24 440 300 323

520 291 184

365 404 403 365 404 403

130 127 100 130 *27 105

240 181 74 280 2S2 273

240 240 200 280 , 279 278

240 216 207 240 216 207

240 160 80 240 114 72

365 3°9 225

240 234 200 240 227 206

280 303 283 480 ' 3°3 284

280 256 241 280 196 (

2 So 273 267 280 2 73 269

240 90 49 240 84 54

2^0 *94 *78 280 209 . *9*

320 *93 130 365 278 196

365 347 346 365 347 346

280 304 288 280 304 288

320 264 235 365 240 232

April 1713.

M E N.

C-

E

710

460

440

520

440

400

3S0

440

415

440

440

440

440

570

365

*30

280

280

240

240

365

240

280

2S0

2S0

240

280

3^5

3<*5

280

305

0i

E

o

ca

696

427

147

524

45*

262

120

117

5*0

433

432

250

398

458

404

*30

247

278

216

*3

322

227

303 188 273

80

209

322

347

304 241

662

412

93

5*o

439

148

89

63

500

433

426

176 386 376 403

130

227

278

207

87

258

20fi

283

102

269

9

177

283

346

288

237

Mai/ 1713.

June 1713.

MEN. m 1: n.

Complement. E O O =5 V <u CS 3 S G Ol E X a. s & Borne. *T3 V Im 9J cs 3 s

7»o 667 659 710 567 659

460 428 387 460 402 360

440 148 124 — — —

520 5io 504 520 5*o 504

44o 4*3 410 440 4*3 410

400 245 170 — — —

380 110 9<» 380 105 99

440 *»4 9* - ,

4*5: 5*9 500 400 259 *52

440 416 4*4 440 4*6 4*4

440 ’ 422 419 440 422 410

440 241 1C8 — — —

440 375 357 440 3^7 330

570 447 398 . 570 456 374

365 404, 403 365 , 241 *5°

130 126 104 130 *25 109

250 to to 221 280 22,4 1SS

280 ' 279 278 280 2 79 278

240 201 201 240 *83 148

24O 108 75 240 103 87

3t*5 307 256 3-o 269 946

240 240 240 240 240 240

280 303 283 2S0 *73 109

280 180 122 — —

280 262 260 280 262 260

280 214 106 280 222 *95

35 3*2 288 35 320 265

36.5 347 346 305 347 346

280 255 347 2S0 255 247

365 250 232 363 307 287

o

fed

00

o

r*

k

g

cq'

t*

5»

RATE.

S£II£S IjiAMCS.

4

Dover

Falkland -Falmouth -Glocetler -Greenwich -Guenifcy -Hnny/kire -

ptchfeild -jeopard «. Fyon -

A/ayr Mary Mount ague Monk

Nottingham Noix such -Ormond -Panther -Ntivcajllc -Pembroke -Plymouth -Reservtr Romney Ruby

Southampton

Superbe

Swallow Salisbury -Sali/buryPrize -Sunderland Tilbury Tygar Windsor -i Weymouth -I Woolzvich -. Warwick -Winchester

Dclcmber.

January.

February.

►-T nr M|EN, T-f 1 — r -t . r -t — 1 n f MENv U-, 0 MEN. 1 ’’»

► § J ' 1* <5 r — - I 1 a r 0 CQ 1 1 - " } } "O J <w u,) B <0 3 ! 3 EC 1 I Complement.: 8 03 1 T3 1 <V b. 1 £ lO . ZJ ’S3 ! ’-s ’ J,) a ‘ B cS f , - TP,) i 1 a ' e > & *p3J3}Snp

220 220: lOo 1 220 222 217 220 ‘ 2 2D 21&

240 - 178 l6.5 240 167 130 1 ! — 1

280 277 i 277: 280 277 277 280 ‘ 277 1 277

' 280 243 1 233. 1 28a 218 18a . 280 > 2l6. ' 12t>

280 273 2 73' ' 280- ’ 273- 1 273- 2810 2731: 273

240 ' 153 74 3 240 1 155 1 113- 240. ' 15»' 151

240 i 226 17a J 240 ‘ 223 160 24O 2117

240 ' 239 ! 237 ’ 240 > 240 ’ 239 240 238 237

- 240 188 182-,) ——

365; 39° 273 365 39® 373 365 39° 373

320 320 318 320 320 31*8 320 3 2D 3118

365 363 344 365 363 344 365 363 344

36.5 3M 275 ' 365 263 21.3 330 260 222

36.5 321 254 365 31-7 279 365 334 310

365 356 35$ 35 356 356 365 336 356

280 M3 8i: 280 139 119 240 >3> 104

2S0 267 2 66 2S0 267 260 280 267 266

240 221 65 240 193 108 240 192 107

280 211 134 240 189 9® 240 148 59

320 255 208 320 247 209 3:0 294 200

280 266 233 280 266 233 280 266 233

280 270 204 280 270 248 280 275 271

240 233 221 240 210 204 240 202 >99

280 275 265 280 27 5 £65 280 275 265

36.5 3 83 359 365 383 359 365 383 359

280 317 286 280 3>7 286 280 317 286

280 236 236 280 236 236 280 236 236

280 272 230 280 272 230 280 272 230

| 320 207 169 320 200 >5i ——

| £80 i 287 287 280 287 287 280 287 287

i 230 ! 227 22.5 230 227 225 230 227 225

36.5 i 3C0 359 i 365 360 359 365; 360 359

280 264: 264 2.80 264 264 280 i 264 264

280 311 301 280. 3U 301 280 311 30.1

130 >9 86 130 130 >23 >3® 120 100

240 156 ior ( 240 1 15» 86 240 151 105 t

March.

MEN.

a.

a

o

u

250.

28a

280

280-

280

240.

240

365

320

365

365

365

365

280

240'

280

240

o

2H9.

235

24»

273

222

205

156

390

320

363

123

334

356

267

114

30

140

206-251

13a

27$

13*

189

145

373

318

344

*04

310

356

266

80

9

70

April.

MEN.

C

V

OJ

'S.

j

250

280

280

280

280

240

240

36.5

320

363

36.5 365 365

280

240-

280

240

e

tS

224

247

238

273-

21$

82

152

39®

320

363

"9

334

35G

267 1) 2 238 137

147

9®

228

273

210

75

7»

373

318

344

in

3io

356

266

81

203

104

May.

ME.N.

s

6

d*.

u

250

280

280

28a

280

240

365

320

365

365

365

365

280

240

280

240

A

224

179

259

278

221

152

336

320

545

117

324

343'

27X

108

260

138

"a

3

204

82

246

276

215

94

331

318

340

101

324

343

271

88

251

77

June.

MEM

8.

4>

250

280

280

280

240

365

320

3^5

365

3r>S

280

240

280

240

A

2ir

373

278

237

138

336

320

345

324

343

272

106

240

132

at

a

S'

166

240

276

216

116

33*

31S

34a

24

343-

271'

1 DO-227 95'

00*

o

280

280

240'

280

365

280

280.

280

266-

275 202 27 5 383 3*7 235 272

233

271.

199

265

359

286

236

230

280

280

240

280

35

280

280

280

266

275

202

275

383

317

236

272

233

271

199

265

359

28D'

236

230

280

230

365

280

28a

130

240-

287 1 287

227 225

360 359

264 264

S11 301

128- 109

141 102

280

230

365

2S0 2&CL . 130 240 -

287

227

360

264

aij

127

129

287

225

359

264

301

in

74

2S0 266

280 e66

240 i 244

280: 27.5

365 33o

280 317

2§t) 1 236

28a 272.

280 278

230 177

365 360

280 264

280 311

130 130

24<r .*25'

2 33 2S0 266

253 i 280 266

243 j 240 244

265 1 280- ! 275

325; 365 33o

.236 280 317

236 280 j 166

230 280 190

231 240 176

168 200 139

359 365 360

264 280 195

301 j 280 311

H5 1 130 130

8* J 240 123

233‘

263J

243'

25.5

32<S-

286

124

134*

149

100

359

150

301 Cn

119 o~

iao

December. January. February

MEN. MEN. MEN.

KATE SHIPS NAMES. c T3 +2 S V s -T3 £ 8 © a

*o. 5 0. V © "a. Si

e c km 4ft s a E <ft S3 6 E

© w 2 0 u (S 2 <3

4 IWr 365 366 354 365 366 354 365 366

5 Tartar 145 166 162 >45 123 84 >25 89

Adventure lyO 203 160 >9° 203 >74 190 198

Arrmdel >25 124 96 >25 98 85 >25 99

Dolphin - 155 >54 >5> >55 154 >5> >55 >54

Diamond - 160 160 12 160 148 12 160 >36

Enter prize 19° 168 >58 >90 168 >58 190 168

Experiment M5 82 59 >45 77 61 >45 77

Fowey 160 >52 150 160 160 >57 160 >57

Folkstone - lpO >57 >57 190 >57 164 190 >3>

FeverJ/iam 160 >45 >35 160 >3> 128 160 130

Saphire KJO >9° 188 190 126 60 >90 128

Gnsport I90 >93 188 190 >93 188 190 >93

lledor 190 >95 181 190 >95 >81 >9° >95

Haifiings- 160 >45 >25 160 >32 >>5 160 132

Kinfale 155 >03 163 >55 >63 163 >55 >52

Lyme 145 149 >44 >45 >49 >44 >45 149

Launceston 190 182 182 190 182 182 >9° >87

Ijwe _ i 190 181 180 190 181 180 190 181

Loivejlojp - 145 120 117 >45 91 94 >45 106

Ludlow 160 109 59 160 84 33 160 98

Mary Gaily 190 206 205 >9° 206 205 190 206

o Mairmaid- 135 125 125 >35 >34 >28 >35 >33

eg' Milford - 155 >34 122 >35 100 12 >35 >3*

r — h N Poo/ >25 124 81 >25 124 >>3 >25 118

CD Q_ Royal Ann Gaily 190 192 181 190 >92 187 >90 192

cr Pye 145 104 100 >45 130 124 >45 >39

Roebuck - 160 j6o 35 160 >>7 ] 1 160' 118

o Scarbrough 145 >43 >4> >45 >43 141 >45 >43

O Stveepfakes 190 >93 184 >90 >93 184 190 >93

w 4borluigs - 190 >95 190 190 >95 190 >9° 95

0 i i s (3 s o § 145 >45 >45 >45 >45 >45 >45 >45

OQ Speedwell - 105 103 87 105 104 96 >05 112

Strombolo- >25 126 121 >2 5 126 121 >25 126

Sheerness - >25 128 63 125 94 58 >25 98

P® South Sea Castle l()0 160 158 160 160 >59 160 >56

Winchelsea 155 >54 >54 >55 >54 >54 >55 >54

March. April. 1 1 May, June.

MEN'. MEN. MEN. MEN.

-T3 5 tn a 2 Complement. 1 Mustered. Complement. & X 1 i 3 s s i 'flu i CJ «! e n Mustered. Complement, 1 a c* u w </l 3 s

354 50 365 *2.5 366 75 354 60 365 *25 366 7* 354 68 365 363 363 365 3<b 363

i8t 190 164 142 190 176 *59 190 203 *95 190 203 *95

9l l25 99 90 *25 97 93 — —

151 95 155 160 136 *4* *9 125 135 160 *37 140 *32 116 *35 *35 132 135 *34 *34

158 190 168 58 *9° 168 158 *90 168 *58 190 168 *58

47 145 77 52 125 83 52 *25 76 53 *25 83 64

*52 100 *57 *05 160 *5* 99 160 148 *27 160 *43 123

*3* 190 *34 132 160 132 89 160 126 98 160 *77 170

*30 160 *30 130 160 130 130 160 129 128 160 129 160

69 1 Q O 190 *32 108 190 47 *39 190 57 *4* 190 162 157

loo 1 ft 1 190 *93 188 190 *93 188 190 167 164 190 67 sJ 9 164

1 ol 190 *95 181 190 *95 181 *90 59 59 160 122 120

*3 100 128 9« 160 82 60 160 82 69 - u

149 *55 50 116 *55 *37 87 *55 122 9C *35 10Q 92

144 O a 45 *49 *44 *45 *49 *44 45 49 1 *44 145 *49 *44

187 190 198 139 *9° *92 146 190 9* 184 100 *9* 128

180 19° 176 168 ’90 172 9<* 190 162 121 160 *49 128

57 45 . a ~ 122 98 45 116 105 145 112 100 *25 98 86

4* 100 *3 82 160 122 96 160 23 112 160 *33 127

205 190 206 205 *9° 206 205 *90 206 205 *90 206 203

124 *35 129 126 *35 130 *25 *35 *3* 128 *35 *3* 116

102 110 *35 121 120 *35 121 102 *35 *38 *37 *35 136 136

187 190 192 187 190 192 *87 90. 184 184 *9° 184 184

*39 90 *45 160 *39 128 *39 114 *45 1C0 *39 120 *39 110 45 141 140 *45 *4* 140

141 , O 1 *45 *43 141 45 *43 *41 *45 *43 *41 *45 *43 14*

1 84 190 *93 84 *9° *93 184 90 *7* *7* 160 *37 89

190 190 95 190 190 95 190 *9° *95 *9° 190 *95 190

*45 - _ O *45 *45 *45 *45 *45 *45 *45 118 112 *25 105 98

108 *05 112 in 105 112 ill *05 112 111 105 112 111

*25 *5 112 125 110 107 . — . _ -

92 *25 Ct 99 93 *25 102 92 *25 97 95 *25 98 95

*54 100 *5i 75 160 *53 82 160 *54 97 160 *59 15

154 l55 54 *54 *55 54 54 *55 141 141 *55 14* Hi

t~l

v!

uo

aiSoof)Aq pazii,6ia

5 1 *5 Bomb. Sloops. ' RATE.

Charles Gaily -Albrough - -Blanjord - -Bideford -Dimwich - -Zkfl/ C7//W<r - -Fox - - - -Flambrough - -Glafow - - -Greyhound - -Gibraltar - -Ilind - - - - My - - - - Lizard - - -Medway Prize -Maidstone - -Nightingale - -Newport ... Porlmahon -Penzance - -Peregrine Gaily Phenix - - -Queenbrough RoJ'e ..... Squirrel - -Success - -Seaford - - -Seahorse - -Solebay -Tryfon's Prize -Valeur -Salamander - -Ferret t -Hound -Iluzzard - -Jamaica -Sharkc - 1 SHIPS NAMES.

4C4CO4C0 — — C — O — — — — OOn — — O — O — — ^IO — — GG — O* — O — — rO OOOO OOOOxOxOOxOOxOxOxGxOOOOxOiCOxOOOOxC O Ox-Ox O C Ox 0:0x O Ox Ox G Complement. ME N. December,

4x 4^ G3 OJ Jw 05 O 10 o O G — 10 — — OOl — o C — O O O^lO — - O O — — C — — OC C 4> O O O — Ox CiO O O 03 — O Ox O <0 -4 O 05 4 G Oi O <0 Ox - O&OG 044O\OU00Ol j Borne.

4 4 Oo CO 05 05 O — C\^J O — — O — O Ox OOOO COO G ^-OO G — ^1 O G G G CC O 4 vi OO G O to ^1 -4 Co to Co On Ox C O On O O On Co O to G Co fcO O *vj C W Ox O C ^1 05 Cn Mustered.

4 O 4 05 4 OJ - — OOOO — — — — o - — O — O — — ^! O — — O O — GOO — — Cn O G O G O O Cl 0» ,c C O Oi Oi On Oi G O Ox Ox O Ox C O Ox O O Ox Ox O O Ox G O C Ox Ox O Complement. M January.

4 4 05 05 4 05 O IO OOOO — to O — O Ox — OO — O O 0^10 — C G O — OO O — — OO 0-4 0 C G OOx 05 O O CC Oi* Ox GOO OC'vJCO OO Ox O O 0« Ov C G 0*4-0 O Ox CO O Borne.

— — — i M m m Mi m i — i — > — M M — < i — — — 4 4 05 CO 05 to O — OCO O — — G — G Ox O GOOOO G 0^10 — O O — OO CC O O G On 0-4 CC O O O O IZ G — J Ox to Co — Ox O G OOx 4 O OO WO Co WOO G — O O C 0.0 - - ' ‘: Mustered.

u 4 C 4 05 4 05 - — OOOO — — O — OCn — — O — OO — ^JO — — OO — OOOO — — O O OO O O O On Ox O O 00x0x00x0 O Ox Ox G V' O O Oi O O Ox Ox Q OOx O 000x0x0 Complement. *>» M P2 2: February.

— M M M M M M M M M b* M ka M M M M M M — 4 4 4 05 4 05 O IO OOOO O - WO - GOx — G O - O 00^10 — OOOO — OO 00-^1 O -4 O O O O Ox CnO O'Vico — OOx GOO 03 O Oi to O Ox C O Ox Co O Co C5CO-4 O — OCCo Borne.

« — — M M M M M M M — ' — — M — -4 4 CO Co Co 03 O — OO OCO — — o — 00x00 C50 O O V! o — ^1 o O — OCM o On G O 0-4 — O OOOO O W Ox O Ox 15 Oi 4 On C O CnOx *4 Oi^O to O Oi to O OC CO — G 3? O On C\ — Muttered.

4 0405405 - — OOOO — — O — OO", — — G — O — — ^tO — — O Q — CQO — — On O OO O C 00x0x0 O G Ox Ox O Ox O OOxOx OOxOOOOxOOOOjOxO O 0| Q O O Ox Ox O Complement. MEN.

k_ tmd M M M M M — > — — l — l M ► — > — 1 — -4 -4 CO Co OO Co O WOOOO — OO — O CnO GO — O O 0^10 — GO OO — OO O — — CO O -4 -4 O CO O 0» on Ox 0005 -vJOx O O Oi GOO 05 O O ^4 O CnOx OiOM CVO. to O Ox qco Borne.

l-i M 1 — — t — 1 > — 1 I — — 4 4 000 to O — MOC — Ox 05 MV1 GiO OOOO 0000^10 — O On — CC^l OG O »0 0-4 — O *vj o tc Ox o oo to w ocoxo cn oooo i on oco Co o o wo o cn-oxoooo ooGnto Mustered. i

4 040540 M p- OOOO — — OGOOn — — o — O — o v| CL O — ,0. C — 0-00 — — C5 O O O G O OtnOx 0.0 OOxOx O O O OOxOx GOx O " O O OG GOx O O-CA O G OOx Ox O 4 - - - ' 1 Complement. r

— ta-t — — — — < — 1 1 — 1 ( — -«> — > — — 4i. 45. -4 Co 03 to O too GO — OO O O On G GO — O O 0*^10 — GOO — O OO O O — OC o 4 o o o o ox cnox — once. c»ox o — 0^1 co^ico — o^i o onox 05 - -o ono ox o oooo i w *A * O - ' ‘ ^4 W Borne.

4 4 03 Ci 03 tc o - VI Nj 03 - ono o OCOx O GOOOO OO^JO — ^.lO OO — O^JOO o cn 0^>0 COO o W G to Ox to 00-0 O', to Ox Ox Ox On OCO CO O O'tOO OO — — — — GCx On — r - _ :* \ 2 . o. v i ~ - ' Mustered.

4 0 4 0 4 ! — — COG - — GOOCnl — G — C — G^IOO — G.G — OOG — — cn GOOOOG OxOxO G O On Ox O O C O Ox O Ox O 'O G O O G Ox O O Ox O O O Ox Ox O Complement. — W 3/<7»/. j

— — l — > — Ml 1 — t — t M t — l k_> M l-rt — 1 — M — 4 4 4 03 4 1 — toOOOO — OOCOCnl OO-OOG^IO — — OO.-OCCGO — Oc 0-4 0 0 0 on on Ox — oco — c o oooo go^jco^oqd^o enpx too ni to — cn g oo Borne.

I — 1 — < — 1 1 M k-J MM — M Ml kj 4 4 03 to Oi I — — 00*0-4-^100 0 0© Ox 1 G<OCO<OG's©^l<0 — O^OOOO-OOOOnGOOC'vj c -4 'vl CO — cn to Co Ox OO to Co O G W Ox Ox Cn-4 OCoOOWOOto — — oo — co*cn — \ 1' y . V ’ Mustered.

g| H 4 O 1 Co -4 1 G — OCO — OOCOOx — © — O — O-viOO — OO — OOOO — — On OO OO 0 0x000 0x00000 Ox OOx O O O O CpOxOOOOxO O O Ox Ox O Complement. 2 w

MM — MM |mMM MM M M M M M — MM -4-4 1054. I <0 to G no 'O - O fO O G Ox C O — rO G G^I^O Q - <OVO — O OO O O - 05 C -4 G — OO O, 0s. OC *v-l Co 0505 GOO OC^UO^O^OOOOt5viV^4*rit3 00v] Borne. i

r 1. 1 k " T"' 1 1 7‘ i 5 — — — — 1mm m m m m — — -4 4- to Co 1 V| - 0^0 OC-OO C’OOt O O'C'O G^O MO G 0^0 03 O vj © O OCO o -4 cofo o to CiOcooto o. tz COx o Ox — cn-4 O C3 o Cnovo^- t- — onco tj o® cn to Mustered.

SoS '!PMM 6&i NNV S*

V * »-

D

cq‘

N

CD

Q.

cr

RATE.

Hospital. Firethip. Hag-Boat Storeships

Yachts.

Hulks.

Fireship. Hospital. Bombs.

SHIPS NAMES.* December. yamiary February. March. April. May. June.

MEN. MEN. MEN. MEN. MEN. MEN. MEN,

Complement. Borne. Mastered. Complement Borne. Mustered. Complement. Borne. Mustered. Complement. \ Borne. Mustered. Complement Borne. Mustered. Complement Borne. Mustered. Complement Borne. Mustered.

Tryal - - - - 100 66 66 100 66 66 100 66 66 100 66 66 100 66 66 100 66 66 40 33 28

Pembroke - - 6o 78 78 60 78 78 60 78 78 60 78 78 60 78 78 60 78 78 — —

Hawke - - - 45 40 34 —

Suffolke - 80 78 7» 80 7i 61 80 69 54 - - - 60 52 45 60 66 57 60 60 60

Fortune - - 9° 82 63 9° 54 49 90 45 44

Succe/s - - - 90 87 75 90 86 80 90 81 52 - - - - 60 54 48 60 60 60 60 60 60

Bolton - - 14 »4 14 12 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14

Charlott - - - 30 30 27 30 30 26 30 3o 29 30 30 28 30 30 28 25 25 25 25 25 24

Cleveland - - 30 30 26 30 30 27 30 30 27 30 30 27 30 30 29 25 25 25 25 25 25

Dublyn - 45 45 45 45 45 45 45 45 45 44 45 45 45 45 45 40 40 40 40 40 40

Fubbs - - - 40 40 36 40 40 36 40 40 36 40 40 38 40 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 28

Henrietta - - 30 30 29 30 3° 29 30 30 28 30 30 30 30 30 30 25 25 25 25 25 24.

Isabella - - 45 44 38 45 44 4i 45 45 40 45 44 41 45 44 42 45 44 42 45 44 42

Katherine - - 30 30 25 30 30 *7 30 30 27 30 30 27 30 30 29 25 25 25 25 25 25

Mary - - 30 30 26 30 30 26 30 30 27 30 30 26 30 30 30 25 25 24 25 25 24

Will.X A/ary - 40 40 40 40 40 38 40 40 39 40 40 40 40 40 40 30 30 30 30 30 30

Content - - 60 56 49 60 56 49 60 56 49 66 56 49 60 56 49 - — —

Elephant - - - 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 5o 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 50

Griffin - - 45 45 45 45 44 33 45 44 38 45 43 38 — — — — . ——

Delicia - - - 65 63 63 65 64 61

Carcass - - - 30 35 35 30 35 35 30 35 35 30 *9 21 30 28 26 30 — — . — — —

Bajtlijk - - - 3° 27 23 30 25 18 30 30 28

Furnace - - 3° , 23 23 3° 28 27 30 30 29

Total - - 32,942 30,881 27,068 31,187 28,461 25,479 29,924 27,239 24,349 30,699 26,846 24,196 30,844 27,052 24,228 29,339 25,476 23,680 26,094 22,927 21,246

C-n

O

Os

By Command of their Lordships,

J. Burchett, J. J. Aijlabie,

Geo. Clark.'

uo

13 Ann

i 8° Martii.

5°7

Admralty Office, "> An ACCOUNT of all the Ships in Sea-pay which have been employed, with the 17th March 174-i.i several Complements or Number of Men borne, or muttered, from the ill of

lait to ill of March instant; prepared in pursuance of the Queen’s Command, upon an Address to her Majesty from the honourable House of Commons.

ABSTRACT of the within Account.

MEN.

r; A

G

a CJ <v

a 9 ft# e ft? cs 3

0 pa 2

July - - - - 25.7M 22,456 20,709

August - - - 22,204 20,718 *9.303

September - — m - 20,504 19,677 *7.365

October - m ~ - 19,464 18,191 16,838

November - 18,114 16,219 *4,569

December - mm m m 18,309 15,929 *4,53*

January - - *7>879 15.348 *3,596

February - - - - 17^34 15.043 13,616

March - - - 17,664 *4.757 *3,512’

Admiralty

L.

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

CJ

n

S3

O

Ad miralty Ofliee, > An A C C 0 U N T of all the Ships in Sea-pay which have been employed; with the several Complements, or Number of Men, borne or mustered, from the ift of July last 17th March 17: \ $ to the ill of March inilant; prepared by the Queen’s Command, in pursuance of an Addressto her Majesty from the honourable House of Commons.

x

2(1

3

4

SHU’S NAMKS.

Blenheim - -

Bedford - -

Cornwall - -Captain - -

Cumberland -Monmouth North amberland

Sterling Castle Yarmouth - -Anglesea - -Antilope - -

Advice - -

Augttjl -

Burlington Bonadventure Brijloll - -Centurion - -Crown -Canterbury -Colchester - -Dreadnought -Dover - - -Dunkirk - -Dartmouth Gloucester - -

Guernsey - -Greenwich -Litchfeild -Lyon - - -Mary - -Monck - -Moor -

Nottingham -Nezccastle - -Ormond - -

1713. August. September.

MEN. MEN. M E N.

J *1 1

x> c X -3 <u ax £ JU d t O £ at *d t 5 E r0) On

Om 0 U C S3 s Q. £ 0 u Borne V cs 3 s "a. £ 0 u V £ 0 CQ cs 3 s E 0 U

7*° 667 650 615 609 601 615 -609 601 615

460 402 348 460 373 33° 25° 243 167 250

520 510 504 440 449 439 440 449 439 360

440 4i3 410 380 380 379 380 380 379 320

57° 456 377 570 452 34o 360 427 378 360

400 152 82 - — — _ ——

440 416 414 320 376 375 320 297 82 320

440 422 4*9 320 345 33* 32° 28l 43 320

440 368 329 440 376 34* 320 358 338 320

130 *25 1x7 130 127 120 130 122 110 130

280 219 *99 280 228 209 185 229 221 *85

280 279 278 280 279 278 185 279 278 *85

365 238 110 240 186 130 240 *52 112 240

240 103 69 .85 103 70 185 100 60 185

240 *75 105 - —

240 240 240 240 240 234 240 240 234 240

280 114 72 *85 79 67 *85 76 67 185

280 211 184 280 247 222 *85 235 184 *85

365 2S0 241 365 321 274 240 322 290 240

280 262 260 280 262 260 280 262 260 280

365 308 29° 365 308 288 240 3*2 290 240

250 210 *95 250 214 *94 165 201 *79 165

365 347 346 365 347 346 240 230 *95 240

280 255 247 *85 185 185 185 *5* 130 —

280 227 217 280 235 209 *85 236 207 185

280 233 214 280 230 206 185 239 20 6 185

280 208 276 280 278 276 280 278 2j6 280 O w

240 *35 *9 185 132 *4 *85 127 *5 185

365 336 33* 320 3*5 3°9 320 3*5 3°9 240

365 345 340 320 3*9 3*5 320 3*9 3*5 240 r

365 324 324 365 327 325 365 327 325 3 65

320 320 318 320 320 3*8 200 *95 *53 zoo

365 343 343 240 321 3 20 240 203 *73 240 _ 0

280 242 *39 200 242 2 33 280 242 233 280

280 272 27* 2S0 272 271 280 272 271 280

October.

MEN.

Borne. 1 MuAered.

6° 9 601

239 187

44* 428

393 39*

3.55 3*5

— —

297 273

274 206

292 255

130 116

185 *75

*83 99

*47 122

93 78

— —

240 234

77 ti5

183 *73

242 240

262 260

240 231

160 *55

172 *49

185 184

183 *57

278 27b

122 110

324 3*2

3*8 3°9

327 3*5

192 134

*77 *44

242 233

272 27*

November. December.

MEN. M E N.

% > a <v T3 t ax £ a; -6 2

ns. S 1 a> CS *3. £ d 6 u. a* c: 3

0 u CS; s 0 U CQ

615 6O9 6oi 615 609 6ai

250 24O 202 250 '22S 15*

360 3*8 ^241 300 297 233

3«° ai- 243 189 3’-20 2x1 168

320 284 203 320 237 *77

32° 271 *75 320 244 *93

32b 225 196 3-° 234 211

130 *29 106 130 128 111

185 184 >78 185 184 *75

*85 185 129 *85 178 161

240 240 234 240 240 234

*85 7 57 185 77 62

185 184 *73 240 183 167

240 242 240 240 240 213

280 262 260 280 262 260

240 236 234 240 233 232

*65 1.59 156 165 *59 *53

240 165 148 240 *47 129

185 182 *55 185 *79 158

185 182 *59 *85 181 166

280 2}8 276 280 278 276

185 I T9 92 185 118 103

240 178 124 240 158 no

240 224 *98 240 £oS 187

365 327 325 3fi5 327 325

200 202 *74 200 *93 172

240 168 118 240 158 *37

280 242 233 280 242 233

280 272 271 280 272 271

January. February.

MEN. M EN.

a; g -d c V g -d

O 5 ja 4>

Borne cs 3 s £ 0 O Born< 3 -

500 490 '4*4 5°° 456 357

2 50 2II 128 250 211 185

360 2 79 221 360 262 235

320 *95 *53 320 178 *57

3*o 2l6 *75 320 202 *52

320 23* 186 320 229 x94

320 228 206 320 219 *98

*30 l27 93 130 130 105

*85 182 xb3 *85 182 *74

*85 172 130 185 *89 150

240 240 234 240 240 240

185 73 66 *8.5 75 67

2 40 236 148 240 240 220

240 223 *58 240 204 *57

185 185 168 185 *77 *39

240 23* 224 <240 227 19°

165 162 158 16,5 *59 *49

240 *39 121 240 140 130

— — ‘ —

*85 184 167 *85 180 165

280 278 270 280 278 276

185 n6 89 185 114 102

240 136 93 240 66 54 A

240 *94 *79 240 191 185

365 327 325 365 327 325

240 201 *57 240 242 2X2

240 *53 x°7 240 *52 i 4

280 242 233 240 242 233

280 272 271 *85 206 170

March.

MEN.

Complement. Borne. d u, 0 cs 3 2

5°° 424 271

250 203 162

360 259 240

320 x68 145

320 *95 169

320 2*9 185

320 2o8 *93

130 *30 120

185 X82 *74

240 188 *74

*85 *58 *36

*85 7* 54

24O 238 233

240 1 *93 164

I85 *38 *7

2 40 *7 *95

165 163 *55

240 >38 *3*

*85 178 172

280 278 1 276

185 *07 99

240 66 5*

240 190 180

365 327 3*5

240 249 232

240 *53 *17

240 242 233

I85 *7* I- *b5

cn

O

co

<1

18° Martii.

July, 1713.

0 . M E N.

r w

— i < CS SHIPS WAMES. G Cl £-

p. g 6 Borne C5 G s

4 Panther - - 240 106 ~~h6

Pembroke - - 240 *34 99

Rippon - - - 320 279 246

lieferve - - 280 266 233

Romney - - 280 266 263

;*«/>?/ - - - 240 244 243

Southampton - 280 275 265

Super be - - 36.5 33° 326

Sivalloio - - 280 3>7 286

Salisbury - - 280 147 111

Salisbury Pr. - a8o 162 104

Tilbury - - 240 176 132

Tygar - - - 200 > *9 98

Wat'tcick - 13° 130 124

Winchester- - 240 121 108

Weymouth - - 280 123 72

Windsor - - 365 36° 359

Woolwich - - 280 31 > 3°i

0 Yorke - - - 365 363 363

Elizabeth - -

5 Adventure - - 190 403 >95

Charles Gaily - 160 >37 132

Dolphin - - 35 >34 >34

Experiment - 125 84 68

Enterprise 190 168 158

Feversham IDO >29 128

Fowey - l6o 141 138

Folkestone - - l6o 181 176

Gosport - - 190 167 164

Dehor - l6o 1 >7 >°5

Kinfale - - 135 110 92

Looe - - ]6o >49 128

0 Loweftcffe - *25 100 89

fH- Nj" Ludlow Castle - l6o >59 >55

1 >1 CD O Launceston- - 19° >59 >57

cr Lyme ... 145 149 >44

W Mermaid - - >35 131 116

Milford - - >35 136 >36

0

OQ

o

August. September. October.

M E N. M K N. MEN.

c 0 c -O C -<U E -d c <u S

JJ t JU u

Ph s 0 0 Borne a> a *r-< Q. S 0 O Borne. V =3 S 'a. e 0 0 Borne «u CS s s

185 100 76 185 99 64 185 99 80

185 139 94 >85 152 1>3 185 160 >13

32° 3°4 264 240 3 >9 268 240 242 233

280 266 233 280 266 233 280 266 233

280 266 263 280 266 263 280 266 263

280 250 248 280 250 248 280 250 248

280 275 265 185 178 i®7 185 >74 125

365 33° 326 365 33° 326 240 3°3 296

185 184 129 >85 163 100 185 130 115

185 80 61 185 81 61 185 81 70

185 129 92 185 120 102 185 1 >4 100

185 152 >'9 185 >44 164 185 140 128

160 >>7 100 160 >56 96 160 >55 122

>3° 126 122 130 126 109 >3° 130 1 >7

185 110 98 >85 108 86 >85 103 89

18.5 78 66 >85 66 55 185 61 49

365 36° 359 240 234 126 240 232 >53

185 >83 160 185 >7> 148 >85 >53 9°

365 363 363 240 238 185 240 225 216

' — — 250 36 12 250 37 10

190 203 >95 >9° 203 >95 >9° 203 >95

160 >37 132 160 >37 >32 130 138 >25

>35 >33 132 >35 >33 *3> >35 >33 >33

100 100 87 100 98 93 100 94 81

T 168 >58 190 168 158 >30 160 15>

160 >35 >34 160 >35 >34 160 >35 >34

>30 130 130 130 >3° >3° >3° 130 130

160 165 >54 160 161 >57 160 161 >57

>9° 170 167 >9° 170 167 >3° 165 >65

>3° 120 79 130 86 72 130 79 62

110 111 89 110 110 95 110 108 9>

130 128 118 >30 127 i>5 130 128 123

>25 >>4 109 >*5 124 123 >25 >24 123

l60 160 158 160 160 158 160 160 158

11)0 162 >55 >30 >58 146 130 129 129

145 >44 >44 100 >37 >37 100 80 69

110 107 49 no loq 106 110 no 108

*35 136 136 110 >35 132 IIO >*4 107

November. December. j January. February. March.

M E N. MEN. M E N. M E N. MEN.

Complement. 1 ! i & Muttered. c 0 S V a 0 Borne. Muttered. Complement. Borne. t O CS s H Complement. V s u 0 Muttered. Comp lenient. l) s 0 cq a> CJ C5 3 S

185 95 71 185 95 87 185 94 78 185 49 40 185 50 39

185 164 140 185 164 *45 185 163 *34 185 161 *5* 185 *53 146

240 242 233 310 238 210 320 296 252 320 311 274 320 335 297

80 266 233 280 2 66 *33 280 266 233 *85 186 *76 185 *79 112

280 266 263 280 266 263 280 266 263 280 2 66 263 280 2 66 263

280 250 248* 280 250 248 280 250 248 280 279 279 280 279 279

»85 . 163 108 185 167 124 *85 164 «7 185 *35 104 185 *54 ti6

240 235 160 240 214 160 240 203 *3 240 *97 140 240 180 *53

85 128 96 185 124 94 185 122 68 185 122 86 240 *85 168

185 84 75 185 84 74 185 83 55 185 30 21 185 3* 20

185 *°5 95 185 98 88 185 100 79 185 99 94 185 99 89

160 150 U8 160 156 *37 160 *57 *44 160 160 *34 200 *7* 167

130 129 112 130 130 *5 130 129 97 130 127 99 130 *3° ns

185 101 70 85 99 8* *85 §9 81 185 99 83 185 94 86

185 61 48 185 61 53 185 64 47 185 62 48 185 62 50

240 23a 164 240 210 160 240 *97 i*4 240 *9* 162 240 *41 126

185 149 *24 185 148 i*5 185 148 *3 185 *85 130 185 182 *65

240 *99 146 240 196 14 240 188 142 240 1S6 *37 240 187 *39

250 40 28 250 39 a8 250 4* 22 250 ' 40 26 250 42 21

190 203 *95 190 203 195 >9° 203 195 *9° 203 *95 *30 140 *33

130 126 110 130 135 *9 130 *34 121 *3° 127 122 .13° 128 *25

,35 133 733 *35 *33 132 '35 *33 132 *35 *33 132 110 109 96

100 100 90 too. 99 92 100 99 95 100 99 92 125 119 108

130 105 68 *3° 82 7* —

160 *35 *34 160 *35 134 160 *35 *34 160 . *57 156 160 *57 *56

130 129 123 130 129 12 6 *3° 130 126 130 *3i 124 *3° *3* 12.5

160 161 *57 160 161 *57 160 161 *57 160 161 *57 160 161 *57

130 112 88 130 92 62 *3° 88 35 130 61 4* 130 61 42

130 74 53 130 75 65 13° 74 63 130 75 68 130 75 6.5

110 107 9° 110 108 93 I 10 109 83 110 no 93 *35 *4 88

130 130 102 130 126 *23 130 12 6 123 130 *29 *17 130 125 121

*25 124 123 125 124 123 *25 124 123 125 124 123 100 112 104

160 160 158 160 160 158 160 160 158 160 160 158 130 130 126

130 129 129 130 127 114 160 150 *43 160 161 *57 160 164 161

HO 110 102 no 106 96 *35 127 120 *35 *35 115 *35 *35 *5

110 114 107 no 108 108 110 105 101 110 109 9* *35 110 102

V

13 Ann., i8° Martii.

D

CO'

r — h"

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

oo_

?r

t-'

H

6

W

CD

July 1713* Jugujl. September. October.

M K N M E N. M E N. M E N.

SHTPS NAURS. i e 41 g <*2 §

s V s u E jtj. -T3 2* a 01 -d £ "O <y Vm

, a c. 3 1 l> <3 3 a a O) 1* 0 a u d s

O O c3 O n *-« 0 0 0 C3 3 u 0 ca

3/</ry Gaily - 19° 206 205 *9° 206 205 190 206 205 190 206 205

Hoyal Ann Gaily 190 184 184 190 184 184 19° 184 184 *9° 184 184

Ay- - *45 141 140 *45 141 .140 *45 141 140 *45 m* 140

Sweepftahes 160 *35 87 13° 122 96 130 120 93 130 *13 97

Saphire - - 190 *57 *49 190 *56 141 130 *57 *33 130 *3* 129

Sou lh Sea Ca file 160 *59 *44 130 1 0 *49 130 130 130 130 130 130

Sheerness - 1 a5 99 98 IOO 112 111 IOO IOO 100 100 99 99

Shoreham - - 135 103 9° IOO 94 73 IOO 193 79 100 9* 77

Scar broils'll M5 43 141 *45 *43 4 ‘ 145 143 141 *45 *43 141

Speediceil - - 105 112 HI *05 112 111 105 I 12 in 105 112 111

Sorlings -. - «9° *95 190 *9° *95 190 190 *95 190 190 195 190

Winchelsea - - >55 *4* 141 *55 140 140 155 140 140 110 128 128

Albrough - - 115 118 106 i*5 x 18 106 85 82 63 78

Bidijord - 100 99 94 85 86 78 85 85 85 85 84

Blanford - - 15 102 98 *5 102 98 85 95 80 85 93 86

Dunwich - - 100 84 77 85 82 67 85 79 70 85 79 72

Deal Castle . - 100 101 101 IOO IOO 94 IOO IOI 95 100 IOI 95

Flambrougk - JOO 97 81 85 97 81 85 85 85 85 85 85

Fox - - - - *i5 112 111 *5 1 12 hi 85 85 53 85 80 67

Greyhound. 115 112 109 *5 Il6 116 115 116 116 *15 116 83 116

Glafgmo - - 100 96 9° 85 92 89 85 85 85 68 85 80

Gibraltar - - 100 IOO IOO 85 IOO 97 IOO 97 85 100 97

Hind - - - IOO 98 97 85 99 98 85 85 83 85 85 85

7^//)/ - 7° 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70

Lyzard- - 100 107 93 85 *°7 93 85 85 85 85 85 85

Maidstone - - IOO 99 94 85 99 94 85 86 85 85 86 85

MedwayPrize 110 *°9 109 85 85 85 85 85 85 85

Newport - - IOO 103 IOI 103 IOI

; Nightingale 115 1 *3 96 *5 113 96 i*5 »*3 96 *15 *13 96

Portmahone 115 108 105 *5 *5 115 i5 i*5 115 1*5 i*5 *5

Pt’/rgn'/jeGally 5° 5° 44 5° 50 38 5° 50 47 50 5° 36

P he nix - - - IOO IOO 9* IOO 99 89 100 99 99 IOO 99 99

Queenbrougk - IOO IOO IOO 85 IOO 10b 85 85: 85 85 85 85

Boje - - - IOO 99 98 85 IOI 98 85 86 83 85 86 83

Seaford - - IOO 98 86 IOO 103 103 IOO 103 103 IOO 103 103

Squirrel - - IOO 96 96 85 96 96 85 96 85 96 96

Seahorse - - IOO IOO 98 IOO IOO 9o IOO IOO 9$ IOO IOO 98

Solebay - - - IOO IOO 99 IOO IOI 98 IOO 102 IOI 100 i 102 101

November. December. January. j February. March.

MEN. MEN. MEN. 1 1 M E N M E N.

C s e JV 3. o U V g 0 CQ T3 £ <u CS 9 s. J 9 § "Eu 6 0 V CO £ 0 1 s a 1 U t W 1 C i *2. U a 0 . -0 t V <3 C § 'a. U i d % s

*9° 206 205 190 206 205 190 206 205 >9° 206 205 >9° 206 205 _ Q

19° 184 184 190 184 1S4 190 184 184 >9° >85 180 190 *85 1 oO /\/i

>45 141 140 >45 141 140 *45 141 140 IOO 100 99 100 94 9° /» vi

130 I 12 88 130 114 94 130 130 107 130 104 95 >3° 107 9*

130 128 !27 >3° 129 102 130 129 102 160 > >7 88 130 *3> 130 1 -1

13° 120 128 130 129 I27 13° >29 127 130 130 123 IOO >59

IOO 99 99 IOO 99 - 99 100 99 99 100 99 99 IOO 100

>45 i43 141 >45 >43 141 145 43 Ijl J45 >43 >4> *45 >43 mi 11

105 112 1 I I 105 1 12 1 1 1 105 I 1 2 1 1 I 105 112 111 >°3 .112 1 0

190 >95 190 190 >95 190 >9° >95 IQO 190 >95 >9° *9° >95 JL v

85 84 81 85 85 78 85 84 83 85 85 84 / 85 86 84 84

85 85 100 85 75 IOI 83 °5 95 85 85 IOO 85. 78 IOI 82 66 95 85 85 IOO 85 78 101 ?8 64 95 85 85 IOO 87 78 101 62 65 95 85 85 IOO 92 76 IOI 63 95 Q-

85 85 >>5 85 85 8.5 7° 85 85 85 82 116 83 IOO 85 70 85 81 85 56 116 80 97 85 70 85 76 85 85 1 >5 85 85 85 70 85 85 85 M 81 85 85 70 85 84 85 75. 116 79 85 85 70 85 81 85 85 >>5 85 85 85 70 85 85 85 82 116 82 85 85 70 85 86 85 116 74 85 85 70 85 74 85 85 > >5 85 85 85 70 85 85 85 82 116 83 85 85 70 85 85 85 82 116 I3 o5 8.5 70 85 83 85 85 > >5 85 85 85 70 8.5 85 85 84 116 84 8.5 85 70 85 85 83 116 77 85 85 70 85 83

85 >>5 *>5 5° *4 "5 50 96 i>5 40 85 "5 >>5 50 84 i>3 >>5 5° n 96 > >5 39 85 *>5 >>5 5° 84 >>3 > >5 5° 77 96 >>5 43 85 115 1 >5 5° IOO 84 >>3 > >5 5° 100 77 96 >5 47 100 85 >5 >>5 50 IOO 84 M3 >5 5° IOO n 9b 115 47 i oo

100 99 99 IOO 99 99 IOO 99 i) - 99 85 85 85 85 8.5

85 85 85 86 85 84 85 85 85 86 85 84 85 85 85 86 05 84 f OQ 85 100 86 103 82 103 85 IOO 83 103 7s 103

100 103 103 IOO 103 103 100 103 O - IU«S Q r 85 85 85 85 85

85 96 96 85 85 8.5 85 85 n8 D 100 IOO 98 100 kJ IOO 98

100 IOO 98 IOO IOO 98 IOO 100 9° 1 />1 100 102 IOI IOO 102 |0l

100 102 IOI too 102 IOI IOO 102 101

Cn

m m

a

QQirv Aq pez!i!6!Q

'Ll *A

S

ai

6 Hospital-flnp Bombs. Sloops. Storeship. Yacbt. j ' RATE.

Total - S| IH 5*IS 3 £3^ 5 2 a ft > 2> § !> a^" S 2 ft ^v,' a 3* £» 2* *>» rb<*fcTHcfl S: s *» s* 1? til a iCT^i^a ? 5 N p & a ll 1 a a «'»! a a i a i ic^a i a CO 1-4 M CO X > »-N w cn

a <j\ vl M M M M W 10 A P W4^ ») )3 H 094 4k o OO Co O *- *- O Cn (JI O O Cn Cn 4 o 0 O O O O O O O O O Ui Complement.

I. u» . o 1-4 M OO N> N> 4k to 03 4k N> |0 «m 09 CO N> -« CCnUi to Cn O O OiUi A O -J 0 4. O O *-« O © CO CD C9C* Borne. gj H ;/ 1* *4 vj

»0 O VI O <c 1-4 N N 4 10 to lA IO to 0^10 41. Oo 10 oo 10 NOi v) m ~ OW 0\ W Ot o »A 4k O O O 4kN0 09 cC O ^O CO Oi N Id Mu/lered. UJ

Id id a o M M 1-4 Od(0|0(OK>C04ktOK9M 094 4 O 4kU3 4k W W 0900m m OOitnUi Oi O O U U 4k O O O O O O O O O O Cn cn C i Complement. lA

►0 o v| ~ W M M 09 K to to DO)4k to to w Q9CO 4 4 4 Co >. 10 tO CTl 00 N M OOion^on O O On on A O OO O 4k O O m co CO GbCn 09 ca Borne. w 2; Mjk cr|

<o 03 o 03 *-4 M &o to to io to took to to n creo 4 4k. oo to oo to to ooooch m O to 4 t3 CO C Oi 4k c 4k o 4 OOCC vivttnoi to to Mustered.

13 o Ln o -h N N WIOtOlODWADtOw 094 4k 4k 4-Od 4 CO CO 09 00 m m © Cn cn Cn Cn O O U\ Cn 4 O O O O O O O O O O Cn Cn Cn Complement. R?

» — to C> vj v| totototouo)4ktatOM 094 4k 09 OO 09 4 CO 09 09 0© N> M -O cn cn cn Cn o Q Cn Cn A O OW4k^O O O O O O b* 09 Co Borne. 2 w z 3 (5* 3 sr

M vj 03 o> _Ol M M *tO to^t9t0O)>t0t9M "©94 4k MOD to oo CO OO 09 00 M m CO 09 o) cn 09 o O 4k 4k 4k o O 09 4k to OOCQ O O O to to to Muttered.

<5 o 4k III H WDDfDtOWAtDMM 094 4k. 4k 4k OO 4k. CO OO - O Cn Cn Ch Cn O OCDiCn 4k 0 .0 O O O O 0 a 4 i Cnu» Oi Complement.

So <© M 1 1 ' N ' Oo to to *> to oo 4k to to m cn 4 4 to 4k to 4k ooc£> ~ OCnCn)n(noOCi\cn4k^Hi9v) OOOO a i 09 4 09 Borne. 2 pi z VJ i1 o*

M O oo 03 00 III M to to to to to oo 4k. to to Mcn4 4k ta to oo m OOCO UDOiCn o 04k0\^0\ H M o O OOOO I I I OO 4*. to Mustered.

00 * M 4k III 1 H OO to to to to 4k 4k p to M 09 4k. 4k 4k. 4k 09 4k CO m O Ci Cn Cn Oi cn O Cn Cn 4kO O O O O O O a a iCntcn Complement. ? C5 <9>

p* O* 13 — «© ail i h 09t0t0t0t04k^t0t0 - 094k 4k. 4k. 4k IO 4k 00 ~ OUlUiUOiCn OUiOi4k o M 130 OOOO I 1 a Cn 1 Co Borne. h — w z

4k (K 5" III 1 M co to to to to 4k 4^. to to m cn 4 4k 09 4k to 4k oo m O 09 CnCnCn O OCnCn4k. C9- to oooo oooo i *o Muttered.

M i 00 00 <§ 1 1 H O9Dt0t0 19 4k^tODH 094- 4k 4 4k CO 4k Co CO CO «- OCncnO\OiCnOcn<Cn4k. O O O O O O O O O iCn iCn Complement,

cn <© id tO' H O9t019tltO^t)tOk*Cn4k4^4kt94kl0p 0 % M O Cn cn Cn. Cn cn O cn Cn ^co O O O oooo 4 OOa Cn i oo Borne. 2 n z Ch

4 cn 03 * m CO to to to to 4k 4x to to m cn 4l 4- co to to w co. M O M Cn Cn Cn to O 09 Cn 4k OO m o O O co O *- O i to , to Mustered.

k* N| 00 VI <o 1 N CO tO to IO to 4k. ID tO n 094k. 4- 4k. 4k CO 4k. CO OO OO m Cn Cn cn Cn cn o On cn 4k o O O O O O O O O iCn i Cn Complement. <s?

cn 03 4 OO H OO to to to to 4k 4k to to h Cn 4k 4k 4 4k W 4k W C9 00 m O Cn Cn cn Cn Cn O Cn Cn 4k co O O O -O CD O O O a oo i CO Borne. 2 M Z 3 3 c>

03 cn to o> a m to to to to to 4k A. to to MCn4^4k4k4kt04k K> to m CO Co Cn Cn 4k 4k o 4k 4k 4k m C O O OOOO 00*v) cn i to Muttered.

v| O 03 4 a m 09 tO lO tO tO 4. 4. U t3 m 094k 4. 4k 4k 00 4. OO 09 CO m O Cn U\ Cn Cn Cn OCnCn-fk o O O OX> O O O O i Cn i cn Complement.

Cn 03 i N OOtOtO|Ot04.4. tO|3MCn094.4.4Co4kCOtO co m O Cn Cn Ci Ui Ci o Ci Cn 4 CD C0 O O O O O O CO Cn i 09 Borne. 2 w z *s 3

03 ©> o> 1 M bao to to to p4k 4. to to m cn co -4 4 4 to 4. co to oc ~ 0 Cil W Cn4k M 0 O 4k 4 0O>J OOOO'vJOO^ 1 00 1 to Mustered. V

v| Oi Ol 4 1 N OO to t>9 (0 to 4 4 to t>9 m C94k 4 4 4 OO 4k CO CO OO m OCiCiCnCiCnOOiCn4k 0 O' O O C OO O O 1 Cn 1 cn Complement.

4 N| cn VI Udl0t0«db044tOt0MCnO9444O04O0ta 00 M O Ci Ci Ci cn Cn QCncn4CO OOOO O O O |4 iOO Borne. g w z s 2,

03 Cn COIO to to u 4k to Id M Cn CO 4k 4 4k |04kCO to f M O f C\ cn cn CD 0 4k 4 4 00^4 0 O O ^1 O 09co C9 I to Muttered.

TMW «81 NNy u

512 18* Martii 1713.

Navy Office,) Ajf ACCOUNT of what Money was received by the TreaiWer of the Navy, for the 15 Mar. 1713.) Service of the Navy, out of the Funds granted by Parliament for the Service of the Years

1711 and 1713* and to what Uses applied; distinguished under the several Heads thereof; made up and dated to the 10th March 1713:

Anno 1712. To the Ordinary ----- - -- - Wages - -- -- --Wear and Tear - Victualing - -- C- * d. X32,000 795,282 I lj 495,406 8 Ss 474,118 4 9i £. s. d. 1,896,806 14 7 923,796 4

Anno 1713. To the Ordinary Wages - - Wear and Tear - - - Vi&ualing - - 22,096 — — 488,825 15 6 222,109 19 8f 190,764 ti 11

Memorandum: Besides the Sums above mentioned, issued to the Navy, there remains in the Treasurer’s Hands, for such Uses as the most honourable the Lord High Treasurer shall be pleased to direct, the Tallies following; viz. For the Year 1712, on Malt -- ----- - 1713, on Ditto ----- --- I- 2,820,602 18 84

5,000 — — 57^35 16 4

62,835 16 4

C. Cttfar, isaac Townsend, D. Lyddell, Cha. Sergifon, Geo. Tollett, Hunter.

Admiralty Office,} Am ACCOUNT of all Orders for discharging any Ships since the ill of July last, with 15 Mar. 1744. 5 the Times of their Discharge: prepared by the Queen’s Command, in pursuance of an Address to her Majesty from the honourable House of Commons.

Dates of Orders. Rate. Ships Names. When discharged.

July 1713 - 4 August - 2 October 1713.

10 - 4 Salisbury -

16 - 4 Weymouth

18 - - 4 Centurion -

XL 3 Northumberland

25 - 3 Stirling Castle -

27. 4 Dartmouth 25 September 1713.

47 - 4 Nottingham

1'ith 6 Medway Prize - 9 October 1713.

18th Sloop Jamaica -

*8th - - 4 Tilbury - - - 22 October 1713.

28 - - - , 5 Suffolke Hagboat 25 September 1713.

28 - Bomb Furnace - 25 September 1713.

28 - Bomb Bafalijke - 25 September 1713.

1 September - 6 Atbrough - - - 27 September 1713.

5 " - 5 Lyme - 3 November 1713.

3 - 3 Cumberland 9 October 1713.

3 - 3 Yarmouth

7 - - 4 Dover -

7 - 4 Anthilope

g - 4 Dunkirke -

9 - 4 Yorke -

25 5 Enterprize 11 tli December 1713.

25 - 6 Triton's Prize - 3 November 1713.

29 - 3 Cornwall -

29 - 3 Captain -

29 - 4 . Lyon -

29 - Storeship Succejs -

3° - 4 Mary -

30 - 4 Superbe -

3° - 5 Gosport -

30 - 5 Winchelsea November 1713.

ao November - 4 Canterbury

20 - 4 Gloucester - 15 December 1713.

20 - 4 Dreadnought -

18 December - a Blenheim -

18 - 4 Colchester -

22 January Referee -

»6 - Yacht

J. Leake, J.AiJlabie, Geo. Clarke.

By Command of their Lordships,

Burchett.

i3 Ann. i8° Martii. 513

Ordered, That the said Accounts do Jie upon thcTa- Address for that Purpose, an Account of several Sums ble, to be perused by the Members of the House. -necessary to be provided for the Forces upon the Establish-

-ment of her Majesty’s Guards, Garisons, flfc.for several ArmyExtra». The House being informed, That Mr. Men’ll, from extraordinary Services, for the Years 1713 and 1714. John How Esquire, Payinafter of her Majesty’s Guards And then he withdrew.

and Garrisons, attended; And then the Title of the said Account was read.

lie was called in; and at the Bar presented to the The said Account is as follows;

House, by her Majesty’s Command, pursuant to their

Av ACCOUNT of several Sums necessary to be provided for the Forces upon the Establishment of her Majesty’s Guards, Garisons, fife, for several extraordinary Services, for the Years 1713 and 1714.

For the Service of the Year 17 13.

For the extraordinary Allowance of a Peny a Day in the Winter, and a Half-peny in the Summer, for green and dry Forage for the Dragoons in North Britain, from the ift of June 1713 to the 24th of December foil.

For her Majesty’s Allowance of Bounty-money to reduced and disbanded Men For the Pay of Lieutenant General Mordaunt's Regiment, late in the Islands of Guernfeyand Jersey, from the 24th of June 1713 to the respective Days of

Reducement ——

For the Pay of several reduced Companies, and Men, of Colonel and Colonel Alexander's Regiments, in the West Indies, from the 24th of June 1713 to the respective Days of their Reducement -

For the Pay of Colonel Campbell and Colonel Grant's Companies, in North

Britain, from the 22d December 1712 to the 24th December 1713

To complete the Allowances of the disabled Out Pensioners belonging to the Royal llospital at ChelJ'ea, to the 24th of December 1713, over and above the Sum voted the last Sections of Parliament for this Service; and the Poundage, and Day’s Pay, of the Guards, Garisons, fife: applicable to the Service of the said llospital - -

For the Service of the Year 1714.

For the extraordinary Allowance of a Peny aDay in the Winter, and a Half-peny in the Summer, for green and dry Forage for the Dragoons ip North Britain, from the 25th of December 1713 to the 24th of December 1714 - For the Support of the Royal Hospital at and Pay of Gut Pensioners, from the 25th of December 1713 to the 24th of December 1714, over and above the Poundage, and Day’s Pay, of the Guards, Garisons, fife, applicable to this Service ——

Pay Office, 17th Mar. 1713.

d. s.

392 3

2.331 14 4

864 18 8

862 16 8

*.432 2 8

26,769 5 4

J. Hoi

Total — £.

32,653 11 if

42,785 14 4

75»439 6 3

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon IheTable, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Privilege in a Sir John Palcing/on, a Member of this House, com-Smt depend- plaining to the House, That Mr. Wyche, another ing’ Member of this House, infilled upon his Privilege of

Parliament in a Suit depending between them in the Exchequer, although he be only an Executor, and cou-sequently a Trustee;

They were severally heard, in their Places, touching the fame: And the further Consideration of the Matter was put oft' till Tomorrow Morning.

Supply. Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and after wards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Ten thousand Men be allowed for the Sea-service, for the Year 1714, beginning from the First Day of January 1713.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding 4/. a Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Ten thousand Men for 13 Months, including the Ordnance for Sea-service.

Hie said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Orders of the id Inst. were read, against Strangers being in the House, and Galleries; and for clearing the Speaker’s Chambers; and locking the Back doors, and bringing the Key to the Table.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into Custody such Strangers as shall refuse to withdraw out of the Galleries, and Speaker’sChambers.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the printed Pamphlets complained of to the House, intituled, The Englishmen./mn Saturday Jan. 16, to Tuesday Jan. 19®, 1714 — The Englishmen j being the Clbfeof the Paper so called — and, The Crijis; as containing several Paragraphs tending to Sedition, highly reflecting upon her Majesty, and arraigning her Administration and Government;

And Mr. Steele, appearing in his Place, owned he wrote and published the said Pamphlets, and the several Paragraphs therein, which had been complained of, and read to the House:

And a Debate arising upon the Method of proceeding;

The Journals, in relation to the same of Mr. Prynn, of 15 7u(lJ> x3 Car. Ilrft, was read: And also the Cafes, in relation to Mr. Afgill, and Dr. Were read.

Resolved, That Richard Steele Esquire do now proceed to make his Defence upon the Charge given against him;

And he proceeded accordingly; and was heard in ftis Place.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

Ordor against Strangers.

The House being informed, That many Persons were in the Galleries, and in the Speaker’s Chamber, who refilled to withdraw j Vo l. 17.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That a printed Pamphlet, intituled, Englishmen 1 being the Close of the Paper so called and one other

6 P Pamphlet,

Privilege — Mr. Steele’s Publication.

Candles.

Mr. Steel* expelled.

18"- — 19° Martii.

5*4

Pamphlet, Intituled, The Crijis; written by Richard Steele

Esquire, a Member of this House; are scandalous and seditious Libels, containing many Expressions, highly reflecting upon her Majesty, and upon the Nobility, Gentry, Clergy, and Universities, of this Kingdom $ maliciously insinuating, That the Proteilant Succession, in the House of Hanover, is in Danger under her Majesty’s Administration; and tending to alienate the Affections of her Majesty’s good Subjects, and to create Jealousies and Diviffons among them;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUer, for the Yeas, {X.’SESJ?, \

Teller, for.beNora, J I

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That Richard Steele Esquire, for his Offence,

in writing and publishing the said scandalous and seditious Libels, be expelled this House.

A. 1713.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

*45*

153.

Veneris, 19° die Martii;

Anno 130 Ann® Regin®, 1713.

Praters.

SI R James Bateman presented to the House, by her South s* Majesty’s Command, pursuant to their Address for Company, that Purpose, an Account of the Sum Total, of which the Capital Stock of the South Sea Company did consist on the 25th of December 1713; and also the particular Tallies, and Orders, Bills, Tickets, Certificates, and Debentures, which have been taken or admitted into the said Joint Stock; and the Sums for which they respectively were taken:

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows;

There has been admitted more, for the Use of the Publick -And for the Elector of Hanover ——

Which make, together, the Total of the said Capital to be Besides the above Species and Sums admitted into the Joint Stock of the said Company, there remains still unsubscribed, of what, by the Act for establishing the said Company, were directed to be admitted into the Joint Stock thereof, as follows; viz.

Navy - - . ..

Victualling -

Transport -

Ordnance ——

Army Debentures -

1,864,481 10 1,926,707 16 576,860 9 189,369 6

*,103,755 8

I2»757 9

1,123,258 7

s.

9»x77»967 *5 4

Ax ACCOUNT of the Sum Total, of which the Capital Stock of the South Sea Company did consist on th* 25th December 1713; and also of the particular Tallies, and Orders, Bills, Tickets, arid Certificates, and Debentures, which have been taken or admitted into the said Joint Stock; and the Sums for which they respectively were taken; and laid before this honourable House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty.

The Sum Total, of which the Capital Stock of the said Company did > eonfift on the 25th December 1713 ——

The Particulars whereof are as follow; vix.

Navy - - -.

Victualing ——

Transport ——

Ordnance - -

Tallies on General Mortgage ——

Tallies of Coals -....

Debentures, Army and Transport - -

6,797, >9° 8 3

2,371,402 7 1

9,375 ——

6,761 18 9

3,166 10 8

507 16 6 .112 — 4 7,454 9 11

General Mortgage Tallies, for the Year 1710; which if they be not subscribed into the said Company, the principal Money due upon them, as well as the Interest, mull, between the First of August 1716 and the First of Augtift 1720, be paid out of Part of the Fundsapplicable to pay the Annuity of the said Company; which will occasion a great Deficiency of the said Annuity in those Four Years ——

Total remaining to be subscribed

9,177>967 x5 4

18,002 16 2

295.125 l8 IQ

313,128 15 —

9,491,096 10 4

So that, if the Whole had been subscribed, the Joint Stock of the said)

Company would have amounted to - 5 * __________

J. Grigsby, Chief Accountant to the South Sea Company.

In Obedience to her Majesty’s Commands, signified tome by the Right honourable Bromley Esquire, Principal Secretary of State, the above is an Account of the Capital Stock of the South Sea Company; made out pursuant to an Address of the honourable House of Commons.

Ja. Bateman, Sub-Governor.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Estimates and Accounts, relating to the Supply granted to her Majesty, are referred.

tymer’s, &d Mr. Bracebridge presented to the Hou fe, according to

Nat. Order, a Bill for naturalizing James Eymer, and others: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Worcester Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, ii«ad. to whom the Bill for repairing the Highway, or Road,

from the City of Worcester, to the Borough of Droitwich,

in the County of Worcester, is committed, That they do provide for the amending the Highways from Droitwich to Woodhall-gate.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Wigaa tions be discharged from proceeding upon that Part of Election the Petition complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Wigan, in the County of caster, which relates to Orlando Bridgman Esquire.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee,

to

{j

Committee t>n intimates and Accounts.

Limiting Officers in the House.

Half-pay

Officers.

’Guildford

Election.

Privilege in a Suit, &c* pending.

Army

Charges not provided lor.

13 Ann. 19* — 20° Martii. 515

to whom the Estimates and Accounts, relating to the Supply, are referred, That they do inquire into the Causes of the Debt of the Navy; and report the same to the House.

A Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That flie will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, That a Regimental Lift of the Half-pay Officers, for the Year 1714, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of John Walter Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That at the Election for the Borough of Guilfoin the Petitioner, and Daniel Onslow Esquire, flood Candidates: That, by the illegal Practices of the Mayor and Town Clerk, in admitting several to poll who bad no Right, and by refusing others, who had a Right, have unduly returned Mr. Onslow: in Wrong of the Petitioner: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the find Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do appoint the Matter of the said Petition to be heard upon Thursday, the First Day of April neit.

The Matter of the Complaint made by Sir John Packington, a Member this House, of Mr. another Member of this House, infilling upon his Privilege of Parliament, in Order to prevent Sir John Packington proceeding against him in the Court of Exchequer, being resumed;

The Journal, touching Members having no Privileges in such Cases where they are only Trustees, was read:

And, after Debate of the M’atter of the said Complaint, Mr. Wyche declared he would wave his Privilege, provided Sir John Packington would do the like as to him; which Sir John Packington declaring be would jo, the Debate fell.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sab batty 20° die Martii;

Anno 13* Annas Reginae, 1713.

Praters.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Moor, Pay-master of her Majesty’s Forces abroad, attended

at the Door;

He was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, by her Majesty’s Command, pursuant to their Address for that Purpose, An Abstract of some Charges incurred, and not provided for, in his Office, between the 24 th of August 1713 and the 44th of December fol-

lowing, inclusive: And also,

An Abstract, shewing what remains due to clear the Regiments under the Care of Payment of the said Mr. Moor, for One hundred and Twenty-two Days, from the Five-and Twentieth of August One thousand Seveu Vol. 17.

hundred and Thirteeti to the Twenty-fourth of December following, inclusive: And also,

Mr. Watkins’s Report, concerning the Extraordinary of the Holjtein Troops*

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Abflra&s and Report were read.

The said Abstracts and Report are as follow; viz.

An Abstract of some Charges incurred, and not provided for, in Mr. Moor’s Office, between the 24th of August 1713, and the 24th of foil, inclusive.

The full Pay of the Regiments of £. s. d. Forfatr, Webb, North and Grey, Orrery,

Sterne and Sutton, who continued m Flanders from the 25th August 1713 to the 24th of December following, inclusive 23,552 2 — The full Pay of the General and Staff Officers borne upon the Establishment of the Six Regiments in Flanders for the same time 844 17 —

The Extraordinary of Forage to the Earl of Stair’s Regiment of Dragoons in the Low Countries, in their Winter Quarters 174-} - 909 9

The ordinary Pay of the Troops, and the Walloon Regiment Of Dragoons, from the 24th of August 1713 to the 31st December following; and for 21 Days Pay for the Holfteyn Troops, from the said 31st December 1713, to sustain them in their March to the Frontiers of the States General, pursuant to the Convention, F. 174, 271,

16. - - - 15,986 4 9

N° 1. To answer a Demand made by the Count de Vandernalh, Minister of the Duke of Holstein, for the Arrears of

Extraordinaries due to the said Holstein Troops to the End of the Year 1713, when they were dismissed her Majesty’s Service, pursuant to the said Treaty, the Sum of 167,7116.12 tSt. which, at 10G.

10 St. to the Pound Sterling, makes - 15,97! 10 The full Pay of the Regiments of Orkney, Hill, Hertford, Hamilton, and Def-ney, who continued in her Majesty’s Ga-rifon of Dunkirk, from the 24th November 1713, to which time they were provided for, to 24 December following, inch being 30 Days ----- 6,059 15 — The Pay of the Garison of Dunkirk for the same time - 360 — —

The Pay of the Chaplain to the Garison of Dunkirk from the 25th August 1713 to the 24th December following - - 40 13 4

The Subsistence of the several supernumerary non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers in the'Garison of Minorca and Gibraltar, between the 24th August 1713 and 24th December following, inch 8,809 18 6

The Pay of the Officers of Lieutenant General Farrington’shte Regiment from the 25 0 August 1713 to the 240 of vember following, when they were sent to Ireland, and polled to the Head of Colonel Chudleigh's Men there - * 940 14 —

£ 73,476 11 4

Memorandum: There is a further extraordinary Charge for Provisions supplied, and to be supplied, to the Garison of Gibraltar, beyond what the Soldiers allow out of their Pay; of which an Account will be hereafter laid before the House, when the same can be adjusted.

Pay Office, Vm Meme

20th Mar \ 1713.

An

v

fextras of

llolfteyne

Troops.

5i<*

20° Martii.

A. 1713.

An ABSTR ACT shewing what remains due to clear the following Regiments, under Care of Payment of Thomas Moore Esquire, for 122 Days, from the 25th August 1713, to the 24th December following inclusive; viz.

REGIMENTS.

Minorca.

Duttkirk.

Gibraltar.

Net Off-Reckonings.

s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

(Royal Fufileers - - - - 465 5 21 556 9 9r 1,021 *5 —

J Philips - - - 465 5 *1 522 18 9 988 Q v> nf

j IVlielliam - - - - 465 5 2 f 522 18 9 988 3 nf

( Sankey - T - - 465 5 2 f 522 18 9 988 3 nf

r Orkney - - - 1,001 4 5 1,027 — 6! 2,028 4

AIM - - - - 499 1 6 533 11 2 1,032 18 8

Hertford - - - 499 1 6 533 *7 2 1,032 18 8

I Hamilton - - - - 499 1 6 533 *7 2 1,032 18 8

jr Defney - - - 499 1 6 533 *7 2 1,032 18 8

V Barrymore - - - 369 4 7 491 *7 9 861 2 4

\ Peare- - - - - 369 4 7 491 *7 9 861 2 4

( Newton - - - - - 3 % 4 7 491 l7 9 861 2 4

f Frofarr - - - - 456 — Hr 519 J9 -1 976 — —

Webb - - - - 456 — 5l9 *9 2 X 976 — —

/ North and Grey - - - 456 — nf 5!9 19 1 2 97 6 — —

Sterne - - - - 456 — «i* 519 — 1 2 976 ' — —

Sutton - - - - 456 — n| 5X9 x9 1 2 976 — —

jOrrery - - - 456 — t1 f 519 »9 -f 916 — —

£ 8,702 10 9 9>833 2 9 18,585 l3 6

Clearings.

Pay Office, to Alar. 17-f-J.

TOTALS.

Sir,

I have now the Honour to return you the Memorial of Count Vandernalh, with his Account of Demands

of Extraordinaries for the Troops o which

011 transmitted to me some time since, by my Lord Treasurer’s Command; to which I join a Report I have made upon an Examination of the said Demands; which you will please to lay before my Lord Treasurer; this being the lall Trouble those Troops can give to his Lordship. I am, Sir,

Your moll obedient humble Servant,

.1 Codpit, Henry

the 3in December 1713. J

Mr. Lowndes.

May it please your Lordship,

In obedience to your Lordship’s Commands, flgnified to me by Mr. Lowndes, upon the annexed Memorial and Account of Count. Vandernalh, praying Payment of what is due to the Troops of for their Extraordinaries: I do humbly observe to your Lordship, That the same consists of Three Branches; viz.

ill, For several Arrears of Extraordinaries, from the Year 1704 to the Beginning Gil. of the Year 1712 ----- 31,507 2d, For the remaining Part of the Extraordinaries of the Year 1712, and for the Year 1713 - - - - 38>657 *4

3d, For an Arrear of their Gratification-money, from the Year 1703 to the Year 1713, according to the Allowances made to the Troops of Hanover

125,400

Making together

i95,565 9t

But, having formerly made my Report to your Lord-iliip upon the I'irft Branch thereof, I humbly desire Leave to refer thereto; and further to lay before your Lordship Count Vandernalh'sObjections to the Dif-

tin&ion, made in the said Report, of what is due to that Part of the Holjlein Troops, who obeyed the Orders of his Grace the Duke of , and continued

with her Majesty’s Forces in , and those who

separnted from them.

The said Count alleges, That though a Moiety of the Jluf/lcin Troops were paid by her Majesty, and the Extraordinary of the whole Corps made up in common, to ad jufi an equal Proportion to be paid by England and Holland; yet whatever Money was paid by her Majesty 16

Moore.

was received by that Part of the Troops who continued with her Forces; and whatever Money was paid by the States General, was received by the other Part of tire said Troops, who separated from her Majesty’s Forces, and marched with the States Troops; so that the-whole Sum of Thirty-one thousand Five hundred and Seven Gilders, Fifteen Stivers and a Half, is due to the former; the latter having received the like Sum for the States General: But as these Reasons did not appear to me at the time of making my Report, I thought myself obliged to make that Distin£iion.

Asto the Second Branch, being the remaining Part of the Extraordinaries of the Year 1712, and for the Year 1713, amounting to Thirty-eight thousand Six hundred Fifty-seven Gilders Fourteen Stivers; I have annexed a particular State thereof, amounting but to Twenty-two thousand Two hundred and Three Gilders, Seventeen Stivers; which is less than their Demand f. 16,453. 17. by the following Particulars:

For 68 Horses, which, by the Officers Gil. St. Oaths, appear to have died during the Campaign 1712, at 112 10 ea. - 7.650 —

But no Allowance having been made for any Loflesof this Kind, during the late War, except in case of a contagious distemper. I could not think the Officers were entitled to the same now; though they allege, that the Horses died of Fatigue in the Service.

For 90 Days Advance for 13 Waggons, for Count Vandernath's Regiment of Dra-

goons, for the Year 1713, at /. 2 Gil. a Day each ——

The like for 16 Waggons, for M. G.

Banter's Regiment of Foot - -

The like lor Six Waggons, for M. G.

Banter, as Major-General -The like for his extraordinary Pay, as Major-General -

Waggon money is never allowed, but during the Time of the Troops being in the Field, and in Service; neither were any Orders lent to them to prepare to take the Field; but Count Vandcrnathalleges That

the British General Officers, who served in Flanders, have received Pay for Half the present Year, and the British Forces who ffirved there, their Waggon-tnoney for the same time; and hopes his Mailer’s Troops may

St.

x5l

2,340 —

2,880. — 1,080 —

/ol

have

n

Ann.

20° Martii.

5*7

have the like Douceur; the rather, because they have kept their Equipages in order to march, whenever they should receive her Majesty's Orders for that Purpose.

For Forage-money to Major General Burner, and his Aid de Camp, at 13 ltations a Day, during the Winter Quar- Gil. St.

tors 1712 and 1713 - 702 14

This was never allowed in any former ——

Account. /. 15,402 14

There are other Mistakes in the Calculations, and in the time of the Service of the Troops, amounting to ... 1,051

3

/ >,453 *7

I have likwife annexed a State of the Third Branch of their Demand, being for an Arrear of their Gratification-money, from the Year 1703 to the Year 1713, amounting to One hundred Twenty-five thousand Four hundred Gilders: according to the Allowances made to the Troops of Hanover: But, since this Arrear is of To long Standing, I beg Leave to be particular, in the Stating thereof: These Troops are a Moiety of the Holjiein Troops, who entered into the Service of her Majesty and the States General, in the Year 1703; and, by the 4th Article of their Treaty, dated the 15th March, 1703, N. S. they are to enjoy the same Waggon-money, Recruits, and other Gratifications, which the Troops of Hanover enjoyed; and the Troops of Hanover are to enjoy, without Exception, the same Gratifications, Profits, Douceurs, and Advantages, which the States give to their own Troops.

It appears, by the Duke of s Warrant

to Charles Fox Esquire, Paymaster General of her Majesty’s Forces, dated the 13th March 1704, That the Sum of 200,000 Gilders was directed to be paid to the Baron de Bothmar, and S' Killingraf, in full for Recruits, and all other extraordinary Expences and Claims, from the Hanover Troops, from the time of their entering Into the Service, to the end of the Year 1704; which Money was accordingly issued: And though there is no particular State how the same arises, being a certain Sum agreed to be paid, pursuant to the

Fifth Article of the Convention, for the said Troops, dated the 30th December 1704; yet it appears by the said Article, that the same was for the ordinary Recruits, as well as those of Action; all other Extraordinaries for the said Troops being adjusted in the respective Treaties, and the Money made payable every. Forty-two Days, with their ordinary Pay.

In the Treaty for the Year 1705, and in all other fub-sequent Treaties the Gratification-money, being/. 700 Gilders for each Troop, and /. 800 Gilders for each Company of Foot, was likewise included, amounting to f 75,600 Gilders a Year, and made payable with their ordinary Pay; in Consideration whereof, the said Troops quitted their Claim and Pretensions to any Douceur, or other Extraordinaries, w’hich the States General might hereafter allow to their own Troops, except for such Men and Horses as should be loft in Action:

But it does not appear, upon examining (he several Accounts of Extraordinaries, made up for the Holjiein Troops, that they have ever been allowed more than f. 100 Gilders a Year for each Troop of Dragoons, and /. 200 Gilders a Year for each Company of Foot, as a Douceur towards recruiting, except for Men and Horses loll in Action; and that has likewise been allowed to the Troops of Hanover, over and above the aforesaid Gratification-money.

Count Vandemath likewise produced a Certificate

from Mr. Slingelandt, Secretary to the Council of State of the United Provinces; whereby it appears, that the States have paid, from the Beginning of the late War, f. 800 Gilders a Year to each Troop of Dragoons, and Company of Foot, of their own National Troops, for their Gratification-money; which is /. 100 Gilders a Year to each Troop of Dragoons, more than is allowed to the Hanover Troops, or demanded by the Troops of Holjiein; but this Allowance being never made but in the time of War, I have deducted /. Eleven thousand Four hundred Gilders, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen; and then the Demand on this Head amounts but to One hundred and fourteen thousand Gilders.

All which is most humbly submitted to your Lordship.

Whitehall,

the 31st December 1713.

Henry Watkins.

A STATE of the Pretensions of the Troops of the Duke of Holficin Gottorp, in her Majesty’s Service, for their Extraordinaries, for the remaining Part of the Year 1712, and for the Year 1713.

To Count Vandemath's Regiment of Dragoons: For Five Men and Horses loll before the Enemy, with all their Equipages, before the ill of August 1712 i according to the Lists of the Officers, taken upon Oath, at /. 137 10 ea. - - - For Two Men, without Horses, killed by the Enemy, according to the Officer’s Oath, at f 25 each - -- --For Eight Horses without Men, loll before the Enemy, according to the Officer’s Oath, at 112 10 each - -- - . - For Three Horses, loll on Forage, according to the Officer’s Oath, at 112 10 ea. /. 687 10 5° — 900 — 337 *o Gil. St.

For 13 Waggons, from the 14th April 1712, N.S. to the 23d October foil. incl. . bring 193 Days, at/. 2 a Day ea. Waggon - - - - -Deduct 90 Days in Advance, included in the former Account - - - - Remains - For the ordinary Douceur for the Campaign 1712, according to what they have received yearly, during the lall War, being 100 Gilders each Troop, for Eight Troops The like for the Year 1713 - - - . - 5, 18 — 2,34 — >>975 — 2,678 — 1,600 — 2,268 —

800 — 800 —

For Forage, from the 7.4th October 1712 to the 30th April 1713, incl. being 189 Days, at 40 Rations a Day, and Six St. a Ration ——

To Major General Burner's Regiment of Foot: For 16 Waggons, from the 3d of April 1712 to the 12th October following, inclu. five, being ’93 Days, at/ 2 Gilders a Day each Waggon - - - - -Deduct 90 Days Advance, included in the former Account - - - - Remains - For the ordinary Douceur for the Campaign 1712, according to what they have /. 8,521 —

6,176 — 2,880 — 3,296 —

Vo i.i7. 6 Q received

518

20° Martii.

A. 1713.

received yearly, during the last War, being f 100 Gilders ea. Compa. for 11 Companies

The like for the Year 1713 ——

For Forage, from the 14 of October 1712 to the 30th Apr. 1713, incl. being 200 Days, at 50 Ra. a Day, and Six St. a Ra.

To Major General Burner:

For his Extraordinary Pay as Major General of Horse, from the 14 April One thousand Seven hundred and Twelve to the Twenty-third of October following, inclusive, being One hundred Ninety-three Days, at the Rate of f. Three thousand Gilders a Year -

Deduct 90 Days in Advance, included in the former Account -

For Five Waggons for the said Major General, and One Waggon for his Aid de Camp, for the same time, at f. Two Gilders a Day each Waggon -Deduct Ninety Days in Advance, included in the former Account -

To a Major of Brigade:

For his Pay, from the 14 th April One thousand Seven hundred and Twelve to the Twenty-third Octoberfollowing, inclusive, being One hundred Ninety-three Days,

at the Rate of One thousand Gilders a Year ——

For One Waggon, for the same time, at /. Two Gilders a Day -

ABSTRACT.

To Count Vandema Ill's Regiment of Dragoons

To Major General Burner's Regiment of Foot To Major General Barner, as Major General, 8£c. To a Major of Brigade - -

2,200 —

2,200 — - Gil. St. A A

4,400 —

m — 3,000 — -

10,696 —

»}.586 3

0 1

836 3

2,316 —

1,080 — -

1,236 —

/ 2,072 3

528 14

386 —

9»4 M

m 8,521 —

10,696 —

2,072 3

9*4 H

Totai. - /. 22,203 17

A STATE of the PretenGons of the Troops of the Duke of Gottorp, in her Majesty’s Service, for

an Arrear of their Gratification-money, from the Year 1703 to the Year 1713, according to the Allowances made to the Troops of Hanover.

To Count Vandernath's Regiment of Dragoons:

For Eight Troops, at /. 700 Gilders each Troop per Annum for the Year 1703 -

Received 100 Gilders ea. Troop ——

Remains

The fame, for the Year 1704

The fame, for the Year 1705

The fame, for the Year 1706

The fame. for the Year 1707

The fame. for the Year 1708

The fame, for the Year 1709

The fame. for the Year 1710

The fame, for the Year 1711

The fame, for the Year 1712

The fame, for the Year 1713

To Major General Burner's Regiment of Foot:

For 11 Companies, at /. 800 Gilders a Year each Company, for the Year 1703 ——

Received f. too Gilders each Company -

Remains -

The fame, for the Year 1704 -

The fame, for the Year 1705 -

The fame, for the Year 1706 ——

The fame, for the Year 1707 ——

The fame, for the Year 1708 ——

The fame, for the Year 1709 ——

The fame, for the Year 1710 ——

' The fame, for the Year 1711 -

The fame, for the Year 1712 ——

The fame, for the Year 1713 - -

5,600

800

8,800

2,200

Gil. St.

4.800 —

4.800 —

4.800 —

4.800 —

4.800 —

4.800 —

4.800 — 1

4.800 —

4.800 —

4.800 —

4.800 —

6.600

6.600

6.600

6.600

6.600

6.600

6.600

6.600

6.600

6.600

6.600

Deduct for the Year 1713 Remains

Gil. St. 52,800 —

72,600 —

125,400 — 11,400 —

114,000 —

Ordered,

5*9

20° — 22® — 23° Martii.

13 Ann.

Ordered, That the said Abstracts and Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Reading A Bill for repairing the Highways between the Bear Road$. jnn jn Reading, in the County of and a Certain

Place called Puntfeild, in the said County, was read a Second time.

lie foilrd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Calvert, Mr. Clarges, Mr. Freman, Sir Chris. Mr.

Slater, Mr. Foley, Mr. Snell, Mr. Vernon, Sir Jona. Cope, Sir Henry Bellafyfe, Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Monlaunt, Mr. Quick, Sir Arth. Kay, Sir John Rogers, Colonel Cage, Sir John RujhoutMr Mr. Roll,

Mr. Heyfliam. Sir Tho. Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr.

Winning (on, Mr. Campion, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Mr. Moor, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lord Wm. Row-

lett, Sir Henry Goring, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Camegy, Mr. Harcourt, Captain Chapman, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Comptroller; and all that serve for the Counties of

Wilts, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Imnbnck on Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Tobtcco. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the present Laws, with respect to the Drawbacks upon Tobacco, Mullins, and East India Silks, carried to Ireland.

Privilogt — A Complaint'being made to the House, That the ffifal to Town Clerk of the Borough of Colchester having been served with an Order of the Committee of Privileges ;rf Books. and Elections, for permitting Nicholas Corfellis Esquire, and his Agents, to inspect the Free-school Book, and any publick Book, Charters, Papers, or Records, in order to the preparing for the Hearing of the Matter touching the Election for the said Borough, before the said Committee, he, the said Town Clerk, had refused 1 the fame;

Whereupon one John Servant to the said

Mr. Corfellis, was called in; and examined at the Bar, in relation to the Matter of the said Complaint.

And then he withdrew.

Whereupeu the said Order of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, and also the Journal of the 3.5° Januarii, 8° Anna Regina, in the same of Sir Arthur Owen, were read.

Jtefolved, That Thomas Town Clerk of the

Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, having refused to obey the Order of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, for permitting Nicholas Corfellis Esquire, or his Agents, to insped the publick Books and Records of the said Borough, be for the said Contempt, taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Publication ’The Order of the Day being read, for the House to *1 Libel*. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of her Majesty’s Speech, which relates to the suppressing seditious Libels and factious Rumours;

llefolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunay 22° Mar tit \

Anno 130 Ann® Regin®, 1713.

Prayers.

Drawback on ^l^HE House, according to Order, resolved itself Tobacco. into a Committee of the whole House, to consider

of the present Laws with respect to Drawbacks upon Tobaccoes, Mullins, and East India Silks, carried to Ireland.

Vol. 17-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal’e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the present Laws, with respect to Drawbacks upon Tobaccoes, Mullins, and East India Silks, carried into Ireland.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Ma jt tty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 2 30 die Martii;

Anno 13* Ann® Regin®, 1713.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Gentlemen, Free- Talke.&c.

holders, and Inhabitants, in and near the several Road*. Parishes and Liberties of Talkeon the Hill, lVoolJlan-ton, Stoake upon Trent, and Trentham, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants in and near the said Parishes and Liberties, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Highways aforesaid, byreasonof the Multitude of Carriages,

SCc. palTing through the fame, is, in many Places so ruinous, that it is dangerous to all travelling that Way, for Five Months in every Year: That the Petitioners are not able to repair the fame, there being no Materials to be had, but at a great Difiance: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for Repair thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Burfem, Mr. Sneyd, and Mr. Ward, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for making the River Nyne, or Ken, running Nyn* from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, was read Navigation a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Matlh.

Dudley, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Sir

Richard Onfow, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Pigott, Mr

the Earl of Hertford, Mr. Moor, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr.

Rowney, Mr. Phelipps, Mr. Porter, Mr. Burslem, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Pelham, Sir David rymple, Colonel Grahm, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Onfow, Lord Finch, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Compton, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Arth. Kay, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Medlycot, Lord Downe,

Mr. Hare, Sir Jo. Walter, Mr. Mr. Finch,

Lord Wm.Powlett, Sir Wm.Whitlocke, Mr.; and all that serve for the County of Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for xrent making more effectual an Act, of the 10th and 11th Navigation. Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Coun ties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable: And that Mr. Curzon, Mr. Clarke, and Mr. Burslem, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered,

V’oreefter

Road.

Limiting Officers in the House*

London

Election.

l'rtfwback on Tobacco*

520 230 — 24°MartiiA. 1713

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Highway or Road, from the City of ce'fter, to the Borough of Dro in the County of Worcester, is committed, have Leave to fit in a Morn* ing, if they think fit.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliament, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Arth. Kay took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Arth. Kay reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments to it; which they had directed to be reported, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do appoint the Hearing the Merits of the Election for the City of London, upon Thursday the Twenty-ninth Day of April next;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tdta.ftr.k.Y'.} -6.

Tellers for the ^'x*$luHare:} l6,>

So it pafiied in the Negative.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the present Laws, with respect to the Drawbacks upon Tobaccoes, Muslins, and East Silks, carried into Ireland, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

llefolxed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Three Pence Farthing per Pound, Part of the Drawback onTobacco, to be exported from Great Britain for Ireland, be taken off.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Diminution of the Drawback do take Effect upon all Tobacco exported for Ireland after the 24th Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen; and continue until the additional Duty of §{d. per Pound upon Tobacco in Ireland, expiring on the said 24th Day of March, be re-granted.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out the Word " barthing

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That Three Pence per Pound, Part of the Drawback on Tobacco to be exported from Great Britain lor Ireland, be taken off.

The Second Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Cox, Sir Read, Mr. Snell, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Jones, Mr. Weaver, Mr. be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Highway or Road, from the City of Worcester, to the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, was committed: And they have Leave to

fit in a Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 240 Martii;

Anno 13* Ann® Reginae, 1713. Pkayehj.

MR. Curzon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Derby, and

Sta % fford, navigable: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Fortnight.

Mr. Aijlabie, from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, by her Majesty’s Command, pursuant to their Address for that Purpose, presented to the House an Account of the Expence of the Navy and Victualing, between the 30th of September 1710 and 31st of December following: And also,

An Account of the Ships, Vessels, and Old Stores, which have been sold at publick Sales, by Orders received on that behalf, in the Years 1712 and 1713, with the Sums they were fold for:

And the Titles thereof were read.

The said Accounts are as follow; viz.

Navy Office,) Am ACCOUNT of the Expence of the Navy and Victualing, between the 30th of 17th March 17x3.3 September 1710 and 31st of December following; prepared in pursuance of the Directions received from the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, by Letter from their Lordships Secretary of the rijth Instant, grounded on her Majesty’s Pleasure signified therein.

For the Navy:

On the Head of Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Extraordinary, incurred on the Course of the Navy - - - - S

To the Yards ——

On the Head of Seamens Wages:

For the Wages of Ships in Sea-pay For the Course on that Head for Pilots, Surgeons Necessaries, 'i Bounties to Widows and Orphans, fife. - - - -ji

On the Head of Victualing; according to an Account received from that Office:

Incurred on the Course of that Office -The Charge of that Office on the other Branches, as for ftiort Allow- auce, Wages to their Workmen, Sc. - - - - 3

Sick and Wounded:

According to an Account received from that Office -

io7»;

58d

228,275 12

1 £ s. d.

-] [ l66, Il6 — —

1

:-J ► l8l,68l 7 9

5] ► 262,290 II II

1 c‘

m 19,606 2 5

L £ 629,694 2 I

The

WorcefteT

Hoad.

Trent:

Navigation

Expence ©C

Navy and Yidiulin^.

v

13 Ann. 24' M541

The Whole amounting to Six hundred Twenty-uine thousand Six hundred Ninety-four Pounds Two Shillings and a Peny.

Cha. Sergifon, Daniel Furzer, S. , D^Lyddell.

Memorandum: The Expence of the Marines is not in this Account, any more than their Debt was in the Eilimate of the Debts of the Navy to Michaelmas 1710.

Navy Office,) An ACCOUNT of the Ships, Vessels, and Old Stores, which have been sold at publick

19th March 1713. j Sales, by Orders received on that behalf, in the Years 1712 and 1713, with the Sums

they were fold for; prepared in pursuance of the Directions received from the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, by Letter from their Lordships Secretary, of the 15th Instant, grounded on her Majesty’s Pleasure signified therein.

Times of the Sales.

6th Mar. 1744. ioth Aprili7i2.

31st July - -15 th August -

30th D* - -

11 September -

13th October -5th November

Old Ships, Vessels, and Stores, fold.

Rose -

Monks Prize Rochester Prize -Advice Prize

j Brigantines.

Bonetta \-

Wolfe ✓Sloops -IVkiting } -Irish Yacht Hare

Where

they lay.

Portsmouth.

> Deptford.

Old Cordage, containing

Quintal*. Ro.

246 3

176 3

208 — 130 246

3

1

ib, i6^|

16

16

N*

Old Malls, Yards, and Pieces - 50

D°.....- 30

D* 30

Old Malls, Yards, and Pieces - 36

Quint. Ro« lb.

Pieces, of decayed Cables 118 3 28

Junk - - - - 119 — 24 \

Old Stages, Boats, §c.

Old Bral's Bells - - 7 3 —

Old Copper - - 432

Two old Boats, (laved -Old Paper Stuff, 10 Tons

Ro.

35

lb.

1

Vol. 17.

Old Iron Weights

Iron Beam - . - one

Wood Scales - one pair

Triangles - - - one pair

Decayed Longboat, Yaul, and Five Oars Se venty-t wo Bushels of Sea-coals -

Shereham Prize -Ife of Wight Yacht - -

Speedwell Prize - -

Seaford's Prize - -

Tons C. qr. lb.

Hammaccoes - 1 5 2 —

Worn Sails - - 2,800 Yards

Old Cordage and Junk 20 ——

Paper Stuff and Shakings i to ——

Worn Sails - - 2,800 Yards Brass Bells, SCc. - — 1

Copper - - - — 2

Colours - - - — 2

Waste Cloth, Sic.- ——

Old Nets, gfc.

Old Cordage and Junk

Woolwich. Portsmouth Deptford. Plymouth.

Prices sold at.

I 24

1 14

2 14 \ Kinfale. 1 24

- — 1 .2 — N*

Leather Buckets 74 -

Awnings and Tarpawlings — 13 3 —

Lines of Sorts - 3 24

Leather Holes - - — 1110

Sails of the word Sort - — 9 1 —

Iron - - - - t2i —

Lead - 7 3 14

290 -

205

141 -

140 -

36 -

3i

57 - ’

135 -

39 - -

no ..

80 - -

900,) -

960/ - - > -

950 ( reas per quintal 920I -

860J ..

4 M. too reas each -

litres* each 1,2005

1 M. reas each. i,6oo 7 . 1

m. 2oo rr <iumtal

the whole

180 } reas &Pound*

15 M. 600 reas 8t M. 600

17 M. 500 -

9 M. 600

43 M. 200 4 M. 000 per chaldron

115 ..

113

232 ..

150 - -

* d.

Sams.

-per hundred wt.

per yard per cwt.

3i peryard

gf per pound ’

5 — per cwt.

2 — D8 -

the whole

1 — each r 1 ? per cwt.

5

9

9

y

31 per pound -| per cwt. ’ 6 D* -

£ & d.

290 ——

205 ——

141 — —

140 ——

36 --

31 ——

57 ——

135 ——

39 ——

110 ——

80 ——

62 19 — i 48 2 24

55 19 U 34 2 31

bo---4

55 18 ni

12 13 9i 9166 9 16 6

51 19 — 39 — 8

13 12 n

48 5 ioi

4 5 H 22 5 41

4 15

6*

6 R

2 12 4\

n 15 9i

2 12 4F

115 -

113 -

232 — —

150 ——

73 6 8

70 ——

5 19 — ’ ' 37 18 4 7° ——

3 5 — 37 18 4

526

985

— 13

— — n

— 8 —

3 14 —

2 19 7 — 5 44 2 3

2 6

10 11 44.

3 14 94

Stock

9

3

t^-

5*

Times of th* Sales.

5 Nov. 1712. 20th D* -

27th D* -

t Jamary 17-14.

3 Mar. - 4

12 D* - -

24° Martii.

A. 1713.

Old Ships, Tcflcls, and Stores, fold.

Stock Locks - 3^ In*

Grindstones - 14 J

Margate

Lively

Diligence -Cruiser

AferUn ]SIoop8 Discovery

Tons. C. Decayed Cordage and Paper

Where they lay.

'} Kinfalc.

Deptford.

qr.

lb.

Stuff

Paper Stuff in Ropes Decayed Cordage Paper Stuff in Ropes D* -

Decayed Cordage Paper Stuff in Ropes Decayed Cordage D* -D* -D* -D* - -

Paper Stuff in Ropes Decayed Cordage D* -D* -

Decayed Cordage Decayed Wood Compasses

Rotten Cotton, Kersey, and Colours —

Broken Glasses, a Parcel Decayed Boots, 24 Pair Paper Stuff, in Rags Decayed Cordage

Decayed Anchors D* -

Broken Anchors - i-

D* -

D* -D*

D* - -

30

3‘

30

31 3t 3i 22 28 28 3i 3> 36 34 15 17 12 10

16

17 28

6

10 — 15* 10 — 1,5

320 N* -16 — —

Delight

Otter - -

Sivaji -

Express Advice-boat Traiifporter Hoy -Unity Hoy -Flemish Longboat-Content Hulk

Old Cordage weighing D* -

2

2

15

16 1 7 7

3

1

3

2

3

10 21 24

11

7 7 ——

— 7 2 14

Quintal*.

334 - 421

Ro. lb.>

3

1

2

12

Part of a Cable - - . 42 ft 20 V

Old Iron - Varrs. 57 — —

Old Sails, measuring - 3.012{

Old Canvas, D* - 3,359 No. -

Bricks 3,504 -

Deals, ordinary - 50O m

Thin Sails - 758 Yards Ton*. C. qr. lb.

Iron Girdles Poia — 3 — 24

Lisbon.

Decayed Spars, of all Sorts -Colours -

No.

Working Benches for Sail-makers 12

Musquets ..... 2 -

50

lb.

28

C. qr*. lb.

Awnings, Tarpawfings, &c. 92 — Sails of the worst Sort - — 2 14

No.

Small Deal Tables - - 3

Cheeks for Masts 1 pair

Prices sold at.

JL’ A

oil each

573

477

455

202

- 173

- 130

" 137

/. s. d.

- 5

- 5

- 5 11 —

" 4 19 —

- 5 5 2 —

- 5 3 —

- 6 13 —

- 7 1 ">

- 6

- 6 6 —

- 6 15 —

- 5 3 —

- 12 13 —

- ii 15 —

- 116 —

- !2 3-J

Deptford. \

14 3 —

11 7 — "

m m 7 10 —

— 12

J 14 15 —

- )

" >62 —

1

- u-

per Ton

1

per ton

- -

Kinfalc.

37*

39 2 353 §6 225

128

32

Mill. Reas.

1 600 1 200

2 400

1 900

120

100

rcasper quintal

-reas per varr

The whole.

L d.

7 10 — per hundred. ----- -5 Per ywd.

— 12 8 per cwt.

10 7

— 3 9 J

| The whole -

each

— 10 21 pt

1 15 — t w

The whole

ster hundred t.

Sums.

c 3, d.

— 4 9

— 1 9

573 — —

477 — —

455 — —

202 — —

173 — —

130 — —

137

150 ..

155 — —

166 10 —

153 1 r r 9 —

158 2 —

113 6 —

394 16 9

186 ——

195 6 —

243 — —

175 2 —

189 15 —

199 *5 —

135 12 —

121 10 —

14 3 —

181 12 1

127 10 —

337 13 —;

90 4 Oi

57 13 7i

37i

392 — —

353 — —

9^ — —

22,5 — —

128 — —

32 — —

534 3 4

151 15

143 11 11

29 — If

30 13 Si

102 8 6

95 3 5

1 6 —

37 10

15 l5 10

2 — 8*

— 10

— 7 6

3 1 —

10 2

4 16 7

1 1 lOf

- 10

6 5 —

Oak

i3 Ann.

Times of ike Sales.

12 March 174-f.

«3 D*

16 Apr. 1713.

*©D*

VO!.. 17-

£4° Martii.

5*3

Old Ships, Vessels, and Stores, fold.

Oak Plank, of 2 Inches - 1,387! feet-

if - - 9°9 feet

Loads. Feet.

Timber, Elm - , ao 41

Oak, straight, large 28 48 -

Compass small - 11 -

Knees - 1 4!

Boat Timbers - 32 dozen.

Feet long.

Harbour Longboats - £4 N° 4. - one

Punt, of 20 P long - - - one

Small floating Stages . - three

Iron Backs|forburB onePair, C. qr. Ib

Bar j'"S PI"l4one \

Water-engines - - two

Large open working Shade, in the Yard one

Inches.

Damnified by long ly-l Deals, Spruce 3 24

ing, being the Floor< - - a! 11

of the said Shade, f - - 2 11

Serviceable Crab, with Bara - one

Awning Frame ' - one

Oak Plank, of i{ Inc. - - 55 feet

Harbour Longboat, of 28 Feet long one Stove for Bolt-irope, with Iron Hoops one Oak Plank, of 1 Inc. - 3,122^ feet

Harbour Yawl, of 24 Feet long - one Longboat of 29 D° - of 24 -

Yawl, - of 22 -18 -

Ladder of 37 Feet long Decayed Lines, of all Sorts Tin Hand Lauterns

Where they lay.

Damnified twice-laid Bolt-rope Decayed Waste Cloth Iron -

Anchors, great and small 32 — — Shade for Junk, tec. - - one N*.

one one one one One £3 pds 60 N\

C. qr. lb.

19 1 14

one

6 — —

Tryall Sloop

Lynn - -

Old Cordage and Junk -

No.

3

*7

5

12

39

10

Ton*. C.

*3 19

qrs. lb. 2 —

feet.

Capftans *

Rowls of Oak and Fir Treflels for Malts, 8Cc.

Boats Gripes Elm Timber Knee of Oak Several Deal Partitions in the ComitP Office Sallies with 36 Panes of Glass - - three

D* - 16 D* - - - two

Triangles - one pair

Sun-dial in the Yard - one

Cotton Cuihions - fix

Anchor-Stock, unserviceable - - one

Tons. C. qri. lb.

Old Cordage and Junk 15 6 3 —

Elm Plank of 2 In. - - 34 feet

Narrow Enslish Duck Canvas 200 yards

~ - 18 yards

C. qrs. lb. I — 17

Small Scraps and Pieces of Canvas 1 2 —

Tarpawlings - - - 1 — 14

Leather Buckets - - - ' ten

Hoses - two Poiz. — 2 16 Colours - - - - 53 pounds

Stock-Locks - two N*

Grindllones * lour N*

Kinfale.

Plymouth. Deptford.

‘ Kinfale.

Small Doubling Canvas

Iron -

Prices sold at.

£ s. d.

\ 1 — 5 — 3*1 per foot

a 12 — 1 )

% 2 19 — ( 2, — ► per load

3 I — J *. 8 j per do^en

3 6 — each

o 10 6 percwt.

5 — each

The whole - -

per Foot

» per Fopt

| The whole

— 14 — per hund. wt.

— 11 — per hund, wt.

— 96 per hund. wt.

223

*95

— 7 6 per hund. wt.

The whole

----- 8J each

| The whole

--- — 4! Foot

Whole -

Whole ..

----- - 6£ each

— 3 — perhund.wt. 2! per foot -

— — 5! per yard 3 s Per yard

— 12 2 per cwt

- 10 6 per cwt.

— 10 8 per cwt.

— --it each

— — 3! per pound

The whole -

Sum.

£. s. d. a* 18 1}

14 4 —

54 3 85 8 23 17 3 6 *3 4

8

7*

7 1*

5*

42 —

9 18 —

12

IQ IO —

42 -

ill —

— 10 3

— 1* 7i

9 -

— 14 —

35 15 C)* 5 10 —

84-

9 5 —

2 19 —

4 2

— *3 —

— I H

*3 11 3

— 6 4

36 —

15 4 —

7 $ -

223 — —

*95

104 16 3

3 1 —

— 12 — i

— 4 —

*" *4 7*

— 2 8

— 3 6 6

9 2

— 13

— 5

— 7

— IQ

— 3 3 .9

122 >4 —

— 7 9* 4 15 i°

— 5 3

— 14 —

— 16' - —

— 12 —

— 9

1 1 —

— 126

— 1 1

— $ 4

French

5*4

14° Martii.

Times of the Salev

20 April 1713.

to May 11 Ju

25 D* 13

30 D°

20 Aug

26 D*

Old Ships, Vessels, and Stores, fold.

French Poop Lantern - one

Tin Pots, Gallon, Quart, and Pint - three

Pumps ..... two

Spars, of all Sorts - - " - fifteen

Caulkers Hanging Stages - four

Small Crab ..... one

Press for Papers ... - one

Wainscot Chair, and Cushion Wainscot Table, large, oval D* - - small, square

Small Deal oval Table -Harbour Yawl, of 22 Feet long Wood Ladders, small -Oak Board of Inch Six Feet -

Where they lay.

two

one

one

three

Decayed Stores belonging to the A rrundell -

Hamoaz Transport -

Transporter Hoy -Deptford Transport ... Lighter Hoy -

Well boat -

Soefdyke Yacht ..... Endeavour Transport

Kinfale.

Old Cordage Strombolo Carcass ") Salamander,) St. David Hulk

Tons. C. qr.

18 ——

lb.

Bombs

14 September -12 November -16 D* -

15 December -

Junk ....

D*

Paper Stuff in Ropes D*

Junk ..

Paper Stuff in Ropes

Old Canvas, of the worst Sort

Penzance -

Fortune Storeship Fir me ... Tryton Prize ... Moderate Suffolk Hagboat Content Hoy - -

Runner Transport -

C.

199

156

368

501

783

453

97

qr.

2

lb.

1 —

Prices sold at.

Porlfmouth.

Deptford.

Woolwich.

Deptford.

Woohoich.

1 —,) PorlMahon

~ Deptford.

Chatham. Deptford. Portsmouth.

- \ Deptford.

- )

The whole

The whole -

The whole

20

3*5

224

240

170

103

92

315

55°

8 per Ton

623

122

220

200

Doll£ Ry*.

A. 1713.

Sum.

TTTTT

— 26

— 9 8

— 16 8

— 7 2

— m I 10

— IO 3

— i 4

— 8 6

— 2 9

2 18 —

— 5 —

20-----

3i5-----

224 — —

240-----

170-----

103-----

92 -

3*5-----

550-----

144-----

623 — —

122-----

220 ---

200 — --

L

493

2,005

625

442

335

1,050

285

29°

7i

1\

4

71

4

per cwt.

47

37 81 111 278

100

>3

493

2,005

25

442

335

1,050

285

290

7

1

J9

12

18

18

7f

H

10i

4i

si

Total -

21,810 16

Twenty-one thousand Eight hundred and Ten Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Five Pence Three Farthings.

Daniel Furzer, Cha. Sergifon, D. S. Hunter.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Consideration of the select Committee, to whom the several Estimates and Accounts, relating to the Supply granted to her Majesty, are referred.

Answer to Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the House, That Address. their Address had been presented to her Majesty, That flie would be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officer to lay before this House a Regimental Lift of the Half-pay Officers, for the Year 1714; and that her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions accordingly.

on Accounts Sir Tho. Crosse reported from the Committee, to whom

and Etti- the Estimates and Accounts, relating to the Supply mates. granted to her Majesty, are referred, That they had directed him to move the House, That they may have Power to report their Opinion thereupon.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to give their Opinion upon the several Estimates and Accounts under their Examination.

Sir Arthur Kay, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliament, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and had directed to be reported to the House; which he fead in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then aSecond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House being moved, That the Clanfe in the Statute of the Sixth’Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succc/Iioa to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protest^nt Line; which disables all Persons accepting of any new-elected Office, to (it in the House of Commons, might be read;

ao The

Limiting Officers in the House.

C'lnufe in Act of Settleinent

agrtinu

Placemen.

ommissions ppointin^ ommitTa-ei, tVc.

Dunstable

Roads.

f Privileges,

Sutherland

Writ.

Exporting

Wool.

13 Ann. 24° — 310 Mar Hi. 525

The same was read accordingly. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Forfar

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for 'VriL

her Majesty, That the will be pleased to give Directions, the electing a Commissioner for the Shire of , in

That the proper Officer do lay before this House a the room of John Esquire; wha, since his

Copy of the Commission appointing Commissaries on Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of her Majesty’s Part, to treat with Commissaries of France, Solicitor General for her Majesty, in North Britain. concerning the Trade of both Kingdoms.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Provifwns her Majesty, That (he will be pleased to give Direc- her Majesty, That the will be pleased to give Directions tions, That the proper Officers do lay before this to the proper Officer to lay before this House an Ac-House Copies of all Commissions appointing Commis- count of the Charge of Provisions furnished, by the faries to treat, in Matters relating to Trade, with the Commissioners for victualing her Majesty’s Navy, to Commissaries of any foreign Princes or States, since the Land Forces, or Garisons, since the ift of August 1710}

Time of the Restoration. when, and for what Services, the same were supplied;

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to her and what Money has been received by the Treasurer of Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her the Navy, towards reimbursing the said Expence.

Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Customs on

her Majesty, That (lie will be pleased to give Directions French

Sir Pynfent Charnocke, according to Order, presented to the proper Officers to lay before this House an Ac* Good*,

to the House, a Bill for making more effectual an Act, count of the Produce of the Duties and Customs upon passed in the Ninth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, in- French Goods, for the Two last Years ending at tituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between mas last; as also an Account of what Surplusage, or Dunstable, and Hockley, in the County of Bedford: unappropriated Money has been paid into the Exche-And the same was received. quer since Michaelmas 1710; and to what Uses the fame has been ifi'ued and applied.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to Elections have Power to meet this Afternoooon, not- her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of withstanding any Adjournment of the House. her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till this Day Seven-night, at Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Mercurii, 31° Martii;

Anno 13* Annae Regime, 1714.

Prayers.

T/lflLLIA M Morifon Esquire, being chosen a " Commissioner for the Shire of Pebles, and also a Commissioner for the Shire of Sutherland; made his Election to serve for the County of Pebles.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said Shire of Sutherland, in the room of the said Mr. Morifon.

Sir Edioard Knatchbull presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Running of Wool: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the House, That their Addresses of the 24th Instant had been presented to her Majesty, That (lie would be pleated to give Direction to the proper Officer to lay before this House aCopy of the Commission constituting Commissaries to treat with Commissaries of France, relating to the Trade between the Two Kingdoms; and also. Copies of all Commissions constituting Commissaries to treat, in Matters relating to Trade, with the Commissaries of any foreign Princes or States, since the Time of the Restoration; and that her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Coyw, Secretary of War, presented to the House, by her Majesty’s Command, pursuanl to their Address for that Purpose,

An Estimate of her Majesty’s Guards and Garisons, fife, in Great Britain, with the Charge thereof for the Year 1714; And also.

An Estimate of her Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, the Island of Minorca, Gibraltar, Dunkirk, and Flanders, with the Charge thereof for the Year 1714: And the Titles thereof were read.

The said Eftiraates are as follow; viz.

Answer to

A dil re lies.

Army

FJUmate*.

ESTIMATE of her Majesty’s Guards and Garisons, fife, in Great Britain, with the Charge thereof

for the Year 1714:

/ Numbers. Charge per Annum.

Horse - -< ^First Troop of Guards -Second Troop of Guards ----- - Third Troop of Guards ----- -- Fourth Troop of Guards - First Troop of Grenadier Guards - - Second Troop of Grenadier Guards - Royal Regiment of Guards ----- -- . General Lumley's Regiment - - - - [_Lord Windsor's ----- ----- 181 181 181 181 176 177 341 337 226 £ * d-

Dragoons - p Royal Regiment - - - -| Earl of Stair's ----- -- j Lieutenant General Carpenter's ----- - Lieutenant General Ech/iu's - - 363 363 273 *73 1,981 1,272 153*409 10 — 56,75* 8 4

Vol. 17-

6 S

Foot

52 6

3i° Mar tit.

Foot

Fird Regiment of Foot Guards Coldstream Regiment Third Regiment --( Colonel Kirk's Regiment Lieutenant General Seymour's Major General Wightman’s ^.Brigadier Breton's

Numbers.

Total -

General Offi- CGeneral and Staff Officers for South and North Britain cers, Contin-,) Contingencies, upon Account -gencies, and j Garisons, including the Twelve old Companies of In-Garisons, Sc\ valids ——

Independent

Companies

fTwo i -1 Mer ' t of A

ndependent Companies more, confiding of 116} Men each. Officers and Soldiers, in the Highlands> of North Britain. )

1,383 694 890

445

445

445

445 4,747

- - 8,000

£ s. d.

13,011 11 8

10,000 — —

29,836 14 6

Total £.

_ - L-

A. 1714.

Chargaper Annutru

£ s» d. 120,557 15 —

330,738 13 4

52,848 6 2 383,586 19 6

2,840 18 4

Francis

Am ESTIMATE of her Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, the Island of Minorca, Gibraltar, Dunkirk, and

Flanders, with the Charge thereof for the Year 1714.

In the Plantations.

T T» f Colonel Handafyde's Regiment at Jamaica __I Colonel Alexander's in the Leexoard Islands

ThirtAPn,) Four Companies at Neio York

l Four Companies at Annapolis Royal dependent Com,

CompamM ^One CompKlny at Bermuda:

not be obliged to make the usual Provision.

In Minorca.

fRoyal Regiment of Fufiliers Four Regi-) Colonel Philipps' Regiment ments of Foot, j Major General IVhetham's

(_ Lieutenant General Sankie's -

Officers of the Garison, Sc. At Gibraltar.

— pi t, f Major General Pea Regiment

T.rCef F-ari Barrymore’s - -

men s o 'oo Major General Newtons.

Officers of the Garison, Sc.

Numbers.

445

445

449

364

364

58 2,125

1

1 y 1 Total

625

625

625

625 2,500

Total

500

500

500 1,500

Total

Charge per Annum.

£. s. d. 37,407 5 —

2,011 6 —

39,478 11 —

47,76o 5 —

6,884 16 3 54,645 1 3

31,107 a 6

3,740 12 3!

34,856 14 9;

At Dunkirk, r Royal Regiment of Foot 1 Major General Hill’s

Six Batta-I of Hartford lions of Foot -

Brigadier Hamilton's Colonel Defney’s For Months only

Numbers

- 1,343

669

- 6O9 £, s. d.

669 669 2,68l 24,738 11 —

1 1,338 8,266 3 4

Officers of the Garison, Sc.

4,019

Total £.

33,004 14 4 2,196 — —

35,200 14 4

In

13 Ann. 31* Martii. 547

In Flanders. Lord Forfarr's Regiment, - Lieutenant General Webb's - Lord North and Greys - - - Brigadier Stern's - - - - Earl of Orrery's - - - - Brigadier Sutton’s Numbers. Charge per Annum.

Six Regiments ( of Foot - - 613 613 613 613 613 613 3.678 £. s. d. 35.328 3 — 1,358 15 6

General and Staff Officers, Sc. - -

Total - £ 36,686 18 6

Charge in the Year 1714.

ABSTRACT. In the Plantations - - In the Island of Minorca ----- -- At Gibraltar In Flanders - -- - m m m ~ £. s. d. 39,478 11 — 54,645 1 3 34,856 14 9 35,200 14 4 36,686 18 6

Total in the Year 1714 - 200,867 19 IOf

Francis

Talk, &c.

Roads.

Privilege — Person in custody Petitions for Di (charge.

Vallingford

Election,

Ordered, That the said Estimates be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to

her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Account shewing the Deficiency, at Michaelmas 1713, of the yearly Fund of for the Company, and others, trading to the East Indies, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen w ho are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for repairing the Highway between the Extents of the several Limits of Talk on the Hill, and Trentham, in the County of Stafford, That they do provide in the Bill, that the same do extend from the Town or Village of to the

tnoft Northern Part of the Liberty of Talk on the Hill, in Buttlane, in the County of Stafford.

A Petition of Thomas Glascock, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for his Contempt in refusing to obey the Orders of the Chairman of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, for permitting Nicholas Esquire, or his Agents to inspect the publick Books and records of the Borough of , was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner acknowledges his Offence of disobeying the Orders of the Chairman of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And praying to be discharged out of Custody, to return to Colchester, and shew Obedience to the said Orders.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Thomas Glascock be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. j "j;

Tellers for the NoeJ ®r M'n ErJhJ"-I Mr.

So it passed in the Negative.

} *31-

A Petition of Henry Grey Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the Election for the Borough of JVallingford, in Berks, in room of the honourable Simon IIarcourt Esquire, who made his Election for Abingdon, in the said County, the Petitioner, and Thomas Benda Esquire, flood Candidates: That the Mayor did, before, and at, the said Eletlion life several illegal Practices, as excluding the Parish of St. Leonard, and a great Number of the Parish of St. Peter's, in the said Borough; in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a Majority, and ought to have been Vol. 17.

returned, in room of the said Thomas Renda; And praying a Day may be appointed for proving his Allegations.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do appoint the Merits of the said Election to be heard upon Tomorrow Three Weeks;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for, he Yeas. { ggj?

Tellers for the Noes, f JJ' fffjp ],56.

So it passed in the Negative.

The House proceeded to the Hearing the Merits of ipswich the Election for the Borough of Ipswich, in the County Election, of Suffolk:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Petition of Richard Richardson Serjeant at Law, and Orlando Bridgman Esquire, complaining of the said Election, was read:

And several Witnesses were examined on the Petitioners Part, touching the undue Making of several Freemen, at several great Courts held for the said Borough of the 15th of June, 7 th of August, 25th of September, and 28th of September, 1711; which were infilled not to be duly constituted, for want of one or more Portmen present; and also at several petty Courts:

And the Petitioners Counsel desiring, That, before they proceeded to give Evidence as to other Matters, the Sitting Members Counsel might proceed to give Evidence, and be beard to those Matters;

The Counsel on both Sides were heard thereupon.

And then withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members do now proceed to give Evidence, concerning the Constitution of the great Courts of the Borough of Ipswich, and what are the essential Parts thereof;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeasi i??‘38-

Tellers for the Noes, {

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution;

And

Caudles.

HeMon

Writ

Supply.

Committees.

Harwich,&c.

Lle&ions.

Nevis and

St Christopher’s Suf ferers.

Dunfiuble

Reads.

-i° Aprilis. 1714.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Shepp«rd’» repairing the Highways between Shord and Shord

Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdon Hill, in the County of IVills, and other ruinous Parts of Highways

thereunto adjacent', is committed, have Leave to fit in a Morning, if they think fit.

528 31° Martii.-

And several Witnesses were examined, touching those Matters:

And Mr. NathanaelBurridge, the Town Clerk of the said Borough of Ip/wich, being called to be examined; and the Petitioners Counsel objecting against his Testimony, and desiring that they might produce Evidence why he should not be admitted as a Witness;

The Counsel withdrew.

Resolved, That the Petitioners Counsel be admitted to give Evidence why Mr. Burridge should not be admitted as a Witness.

And the Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution: Whereupon a Witness was called in; and examined: After which Mr. Burridge was examined: and other Witnesses were also examined;

And the Charter of the First Year of King John was read: and other Evidence was given.

And the Counsel withdrew.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

Resolved, That Portmen are an-essential constituent Part of the great Court for making Freemen of the Borough of Ipswich; without some of which Portmen being present the said Court cannot be held.

Refobced, That this House will proceed in the further Hearing of the Merits of the said Election for the said Borough of Ijfwich Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- ^reat^ tions be discharged from proceeding upon the Petition of Sir James Clerk Knight, complaining of an undue Election for the Borough of Great in the County of Lincoln; and that he be at Liberty to withdraw his said Petition.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Petition of Henry Thijlleton, Thomas Stepheijonj u nior, Thomas Heaton, and James Skelton, Inhabitants of the said Borough of Great Grimsby, complaining of an undue Election for the said Borough; and that they be at Liberty to withdraw their said Petition.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Boston tions be discharged from proceeding upon the Petition Election. of William Cotefioorth Esquire, complaining ofan undue

Election for the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln; and that he be at Liberty to withdraw his said Petition.

Charles Cox Esquire, being chosen a Citizen for the City of Gloucester;and also a Burgess for the Borough

of Helfton, in the County of Cornwall; the House was

acquainted. That he had, by Letter, signified, That he made his Election to serve for the City of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Helfton, in the room of the said Mr. Cox.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider farther of the Supply granted toher Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to meet this Evening be adjourned.

Mr. Conyers presented to the House, according to Drawback Order, a Bill for lessening the Drawback on Tobacco on Tobacco, carried into Ireland: And the same was received; and read the'First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Coun- Ny,e ties of Bucks, Bedford, Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Navigation. Lincoln, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Nyne, or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, was committed.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for securing the Free- Limiting dom of Parliament, by limiting the Number of Officers Officers iu in the House of Commons, be read the third time the House* upon Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at N ine of the Clock.

Jovis, i° die;

Anno 13* Ann® Regime, 1714.

PRAYEUS.

r\RD ERED, That the Reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Double Return and Election for the Borough of in

the County of Essex; and of the Manner ofsigning the Petition, complaining of an undue Election for the Borough of Iviggan, in the County of be

received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Directors of the South Sea Company do lay before this House the Reasons why the Sufferers at Nevis and St.Christopher’a have not been ad-

mitted to subscribe their Debentures into the Stock of the said Company.

A Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between and Hock-

ley, in the County of Bedford, was read the First time.

24

The House proceeded, according to Order, to the Ipswich further hearing the Merits of the Election for the Bo- Election. rough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk:

And the Counsel on both Sides being called in, Mr.

Speaker acquainted them with the Resolution of the House passed Yesterday, after they were withdrawn:

And several Witnesses were examined, and the Court-books read, touching the Persons which were alleged to have been made free at the great Courts held for the Borough, without any Portman present; and also at the petty Courts, without having first manifested their Rights at the great Courts.

And then Counsel on both Sides were required to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Persons voted Freemen at the pretended great Courts held in the Corporation of Ipswich the 15th of June, the 7th of dugufl, the 25th of September, and 28th of September, 1711, without any legal Portmen then present, were duly made; and have a Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ipswich;

It passed in the Negative.

After which Mr. Thompson, one of the fitting Members, in his Place, said, ho would not give the House any further Trouble; for that, since the Freedom of those Persons had been disallowed, he admitted the Petitioners had the Majority of Votes.

And then he withdrew.

Then

Committees.

Ipfwiclx

Return

amended-

Powcirs Right of 1rud«-

13 Ann. j" — 2°

Then the Question being put, That Thompson Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Suffolk;

It palfed in the Negative.

After which Mr. Churchill was heard in his Place.

And then withdrew.

And the Question being put, That William Churchill Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Ipswich;

Itpafled in the Negative.

Resolved, That Richard Richardson, Serjeant at Law,

is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ipswich.

Resolved, That Orlando Bridgman Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Ipswich.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, by rating out the Names of William Esquire,

and William Churchill Esquire, and inserting the Names of Richard Richardson, Serjeant at Law, and Orlando Bridgman Esquire, instead thereof.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That all Committees which are to meet this Afternoon be adjourned;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, CUr> 1 (Mr. Irevamon; y

Tellers for the Koes fSir WilU>' Hickman,

iellers for the Noes,.: ] ,41*

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1merits 2* die Aprilit y Anno 13° Annse Reginas, 1714. Prayers.

THE Clerk of the Crown attended; and, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Ipswich, in the County of

A Petition of John Powell, of London, Merchant* was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Old East India Company, trading in a Joint Stock, being thought prejudicial to the Nation, a free Trade to the East Indies was, in the Year 1698, granted by Act of Parliament for ever, to all Persons contributing towards railing the Sum of Two Millions, for the Service of the Crown of England, and settling the Trade to the East Indies, subject to Determination, upon Repayment of said Sum of TwcMillions, unto the respective Contributors thereof on Three Years Notice, alter Michaelmas 1711: That the Petitioner, depending his Right to such Trade, being equal with others, would be preserved to him equally with thefameRight to others, did, on Credit of the said Act, advance £. 3,700 towards the said £. a,000,000 and was thereupon incorporated, with the other Contributors, into a general Society for such free Trade: Nevertheless, after passing the said Act, a Joint Stock Company was again set up; but your Petitioner, relying on the said Act, continued in the said Society; and, by Authority of the said Act, had Right to trade for the yearly Sum he advanced; and did so do, till the Two Companies being united, by their excessive Power, did deny him his Right to trade, notwithstanding the separate Traders have paid the Crown very great Sums for Customs, and considerableSums to the Company, upon the gross Sale of the Candle, and have employed many Vol. 17*

Aprilis. 529

Ships, to the great Encouragement of the Merchants and Traders of Great Britain: That, about Six Years since, the said united Stock Company obtained alongej Term of Years, upon advancing £. 1,200,000: Before the Proposal of such Sum the Petitioner did' petition the Commons for Continuance of his Trade, on paying his Proportion of any Sum to be advanced; and when the Bill was brought in, by which his Capital Stock, and Trade, were to be taken from him, and given to the united Company, he did again petition for the Preservation of his Property, to be heard, by Coun-fel, against such Matters of the said Bill as related to his Right; but was not heard; and the said Bill passed: That, under colour of a Clause in such Act, the said Company do now pretend to deprive the Petitioner of hisRight to trade; and to take from him, at next, his said original Stock, and Trade, at the Price of £. 100 only, for each £. 100 Capital Stock, without regard to the great Worth thereof; and have accordingly given him Notice thereof in Writing: And praying to be relieved against the said East India Company, with respect to his Right of pall and future Trade to the East Indies, according to the said Act of Parliament, on which he and others advanced the said £.2,000,000; and that such his Right, equally established, may be preserved and confirmed, with the said other Contributors Right to the said Trade; the Petitioner offering to

f»ay his full Proportion of any Sum advanced by the aid Company, or which shall hereafter be advanced for the Service of her Majesty’s Government; and to pay Interest for his Prpportion of the £. 1,200,000 from the time the Company paid the same; and to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to th» Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Allegations thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Quick, Mr. Bulteel, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. North, Sir Edward Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. ScobeU, Mr. Baylie, Mr. Eden, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Hungerford, Sir Arth. Kay, Mr. General

hope, Mr. Walpole, Lord Lyon, Sir Whitlocke, Mr. Dyott, Sir Edward Williams, Mr. Mr. Brace-

bridge, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gould, Sir Rogers, Mr. Knight, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Dowdejioell,

Mr. Wyld, Mr. WaUis, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Lowndes, Mr Aldworth, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Mr.

Sir Nicholas Alorice, Mr. W, Mr. Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Slater, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Captain

Chapman, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Earl, Mr. Blackmore, Sir John Conway, Mr. Archer, Mr. Baldwyn, Colonel Stephens, Mr.

Creffet, Sir Wm. Wvndham, Sir Tho. Powell, Sir Tho. Johnson, Sir Antho. Sturt, Sir Edward Mr.

Fuller, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Elford, Mr. Wogan, Mr. Chamberlain, Mr. Evers-fetid, Mr. Moor, Mr. Chaffin, Major Holmes, Me. Hart, Mr. Foley, Sir Richard Howe, Sir Bourch. Wrey, Mr. Laugharn, Colonel King, Mr. Rollc, Mr. Monro, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Campion, Sir Wm. Barker, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Downe, Mr. Lifer, Sir Willo. Hickman, Mr. Newland, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Trotman, Colonel Cage, Mr. Lmoiher, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Freman, Mr. Roll, Mr. Ha/fey, Mr. , Mr. Rash-

leigh: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, assembled in Common Council, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in the 7th and 8th !Ee7/ie//nj'III'liaCorporation was constituted by Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for erecting HospitalsandWork-houses.in the City of Bristol, for maintaining the Poor; with Liberty to raise the largest Payment that had been made in any of the Three Years past, which was computed at £.2,376 1 5

6T and

Briftel fmot,

Edinburgh Bridges and Highways.

Deficiencies in Wine Subsidy.

Exporting W ool.

Committee n Accounts,

2® Apri

530

and no more; although a much greater Sum was paid by the Churchwardens and Overseers; by reason that, in that Compulation, they had omitted to make Allowance for the usual Payments to great Numbers ofcal'ual Poor, which annually amounted to a considerable Sum; by which OmilTion, and daily Increase of the Poor since that Time, the Decay of several Manufactures, and Lois of many Mailers and Fathers of Families, in the War by Sea and I^md, and other Misfortunes, the said Corporation have expended, besides the annual Sum of £.2,376 16s. 5 d.the Monies that remained of the £.5,000, raised by the said Act, for purchasing, building, repairing, and fitting up, Workhouses, fife, and a further Sum of £.4,360 15$. Principal Money, given by charitable Benefactors, with Intent that the Interest only should be annually applied for maintaining the Poor of the said City; and have likewise contracted several Debts, fiill growing heavier upon them by the daily Increase of the Poor; so that the said Corporation will unavoidably link; and great Numbers of aged and young Poor, that have been maintained, educated, and employed, in their respective Work-houses, will probably return to their former Idleness and Debauchery; and the great Expence, in this charitable Work, be entirely loft: And praying a Bill may be brought in, to enable the Magistrates to raile such farther Sum, as, together with the Sum of £.2,376 16s. $d. granted by the said former Act, may not annually exceed, in the Whole, £.3,500 for the better maintaining the Poor thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Earle, Mr. Edwards, and Sir Charles do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Lockhart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for upholding and repairing the Bridges and Highways in the County of Edinburgh: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, -That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That lhe will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officer to lay before this House an Account of the Deficiencies arising upon an Act, passed in the Third and Fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.,

Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Running of Wool, be read a Second time upon TuesdayMorning next.

Sir Thomas Civffe reported from the Committee, to

whom the several Estimates and Accounts, relating to the Supply granted to her Majesty, which had been laid before the House, were referred. That they had taken into Consideration, and examined, the several Heads of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1714, under the several Heads thereof, and had directed him to report the Matter thereof to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, and the Ordinary of the Navy, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Report was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of this House, have taken into Consideration, and examined, the several Heads of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1714: And, under the First General Head of Allowances granted by her Majesty to the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of G real Britain; and lo the principal Officers and Commissioners of her Majesty’s Navy, which Head amounting, in the Whole, to the Sum of £.30,616 6s. 5 d;

That the Committee did observe, that there is a Charge of £.7,000, for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain 1 and that in their humble £. d.

Opinion the Sum of £.5,000 would be a sufficient Allowance for the executing the said Office; so that there may be deducted in that Article - - - 2,000 — —

That the Committeedid further observe,

That over and above the Sum of £.2,000, charged for the Treasurer of the Navy’s Salary, there is charged, for Fourteen Commissioners of the Navy, £.7.000, and that, in their Opinion, £.5,000 would be a sufficient Allowance for that Service; so that there may be deducted out ofthofe Articles 2,000 — — That the Committee did also observe an Article of £.400, for the House-rent of Five Commissioners, that have not Dwelling at the N avy Office; and are of Opinion, that there may be deducted out of that Art icle 320 — — That the Committee then proceeded to take into Consideration the Second General Head of the said Estimate, relating to superannuated Sea Officers, which amounts to £.11,186 i8*. 8 d.But, being informed, that it was an usual Article in the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, found no Occasion to make any Remarks upon it.

That they then considered the 3d general Head of Pensions and Allowances, amounting to £.6,610 12 s. 6dAnd it appearing to them to be an Allowance to such Persons as have served well, or the Widows, Children, or Families, of such who had lost their Livesinthe Service, they only made the Observations following; viz.

That there is a Sum of£.2oo changed as a Pension to John Fournier, as a Bomb-vessel Builder; But it appeared, that the said Fournier never had any thing to do in building Vessels, nor performed any other Service; so that, in their Opinion, the

whole Article may be very well deducted 100 ——

As also the Pension of£.70, charged for Peter Gaudy; for that no Consideration is expressed in his Warrant - - 70 — —

That the Committee entered upon the Examination of the 4th general Head of the Yards; which amounts to the Sum of £.15,486 14s. 10 d.And, finding that Two Yards, viz.One at Harwich, and One at Kin/ale, had been reduced since the Peace, they did not make any further Observation upon that Head.

But, under the 5th Head of the said Estimate, where there is charged for Muster-master, and other General Officers, of the Out-ports, £. 1,000 17 s.od. the Committee observed the Sum of£. 200 charged for John Bridger Esquire, a Surveyor of her Majesty’s Woods in Nezv England-, which Office appeared to them to be useless; and therefore were of Opinion the Whole

might be deducted, being ... 200 ——

The 6th, 7th, 8th, and 9th Articles following; viz. . £. s. d.

Wages to Ships and2 , r Vessels in Ordinary - j 32>34 *9 10

Victuals for the Officers) , c

and Men - - - ( '3.84* >* 6

Charge of the Harbour- ' moorings -

Ordinary Repairs, fife

33,54! ——

70,284 — r —

Which amounts to £. 150,014 12 4

These

15 'AM N. 2°‘

Tj'hefe Articles the Cdnithittee thbUfent very'lar££; and arefogeneralin the said1 Estimate/ especidlly the ‘ Iqft' which is in One gross Surfi ohly, that they did not > go iqtp any particular Consideration; being' humbly of Opiniop, that whatever can be saved on those Heads Epiift afife, frotn the Frugality and Management of those* concerned in the Administration of the Affairs of the Navy.

That the lad Article, being £.35,574 31. for Half-pay to Sea Officers, is new; and tire Charge arises from a Computation made by the Lords of the Admiralty.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Ordinary of the Navy be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Answer to Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the House, That

Addreik*. their Addresses of Wedneslad have been presented to her Majesty, That lhe would be pleased to give Direction to the proper Officers to lay before this House the Accounts of the Charge of Provisions furnished by the Commissioners for victualing her Majesty'? Navy, to Land Forces, or Garisons, since the ift of August 1710; when, and for what Services, the same were supplied; and what has been received by the Treasurer of the Navy, towards reimbursing the said Expence; and also for an Account of the Produce of the Duties and Customs upon French Goods, for the Two last Years ending at Christmas last; as also an Account of what Sur-plufage, or unappropriated Money, has been paid into the Exchequer since Michaelmas 1710; and to what TJfes the same has been issued or applied; and that her Majesty has been pleased to give- Directions accordingly.

Removal of Mr. Secretary Bromley also presented to the House,

Pretender pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, An Account of

firomLorrain. what Steps have been taken for removing the Pretender from the Dominions of the Duke of Lorrain, pursuant to the Addresses of both Houses of the last Parl iament; and what Answers have been given to her Majesty, or any of her Ministers, by the Duke of Lorrain, or any of his Ministers: And also a Copy of Two Letters in French-, the one being an Answer of the Baron Le Begue to a Letter from the Bishop of London, dated November the 9II1, 1713; and the other being a Letter of the Duke of Lorrain to the Baron Le Begue, dated November the 17th, 1713:

And the said Account was read.

The said Account, and Copies of the said Letters, are as follow; viz.

Her Majesty, in a very-pressing Manner, made her Instances to the Court of for the Removal of

the Pretender from Lorrain, as being the most effectual Measure to attain that End.

LTpon the Address from this House, her Majesty repeated the same to that Court: And her Majesty having no Minister residing at Lorrain, the Minister of that Prince was spoke to here, as were his Ministers in the several Courts where her Majesty has Ministers residing.

Some time after, the Minister of Lorrain at the Hague sent an Answer to the Lord Bishop of London; and has since communicated a Letter to him he received from his Master on this Subject; in which it is represented, that the Pretender came to Bar, upon the pressing Instances of his Most Christian Majesty; that he came publickly thither, being a neutral Country, where any Person might be; and that the Emperor gave him a passport, with this Restriction, not to depart from thence: The Queen, thereupon, renewed her Instances to the Court of France; and expects to hear the Pre-Vo l. 17.

'is.

53*

tender will be- removed, froth the Dominions of the Duke of’Lorrain, aafoon, as the Reltri&ipns, ..in the.. Emperor's Passports, ft mil be taken off:

And* the' several Princes and States in Amity with her Majesty have promised. not to receive the Pretender into their Dominions, upon his removing from Lorrain. . 1

1

A’la Haye, le 9* Novembre 1713.

My Lord*

J’Ay re$u ce matin la Iettre que vdtre Excellence m’a salt l’honneur de m’ecrire le 8 du courant, que j’en-verray deinain & son Altefle Royale; et defque je fau-ray fes intentions, je ne manqueray point de vous en rendre compte; vous priant cependant, my Lord, de vous souvenir, que dans le terns que le Chevalier de St. George vint faire fa residence k Bar, j’eus ordre de vous dire, que S. A. R. mon maitre n’auroit donnC azile k ce Prince, que furies vives instances qui lui en avoient eftC faites par laCour de France, qui meme engagea S. A. R. de solliciter des passeports tant k la Cour Imperiale, qu’auprez de Messieurs les Etats Generaux des Provinces Unies des Pais Bas, pour la feurete du dit Chevalier. Presentement, my Lord, je ne fijay point, fi ces instances dont vous me parlez, ont este reiter^es, ni fi mon maitre eft en liberty de faire sortir de fes £tats un Prince qui n’y a este re^u qu’ k la sollicitation du Roy tres Chretien. C’eft, my Lord, ce que je foumets k la prudence de vdtre Excellence, dont j’ay l’honneuf d’eftre, avec tout le respefct possible,

My Lord,

Le tres humble, et tres Obeiffant Serviteur,

J. Le Begue.

Copie de la Iettre de S. A. Royale de Lorraine au Baron Le Begue, son Ministre k la Haye, en date du 17th Novembre 1713.

J’Ay re<ju, Monsieur, ce matin, votre Iettre en date du 11 du courant, k laquelle eftoit jointe celle que Monsieur l’Eveque de Bristol vous a ecrite d’Utrecht le 8 de ce mois, avec copie de la responfe que vous lui avez faite, que j’ay approuve. J’avoue que j’ay eft6 surpris d’y voir le demande que vous salt Monsieur l’Eveque de Bristol, de la part de la Reine de la Grande Bretagne; et mon intention eft, que vous repondiez k ce ministre, que n’ayant rien plus coeur que de me conserver les graces et bont£s de la Reine, je n’omettray aucune occasion de les meriter: mais qu’k I6gard de le demande que 1’on me salt, de faire sortir de mes £t.ats Monsieur le Chevalier deSt. George, je ne pouvois repondre autre chose, sinon que du feu et de la veu de toute l’Europe il eftoit venu demeurer dans mes 6tats; lesquels estant un pais neutre, tout le monde pouvoit p venir demeurer; que 1’Empereur meme lui avoit donne un passeport pour y venir, et y rester; avec cette restriction neau-mois, de n’en devoir point sortir: et que de plusje n’avois pas d autre reponfe k faire; efperant que mes raisons estant trouvees bonnes, Monsieur l’Eveque de Bristol voudre bien me continuer son amitie, et me conserver, par fes bons offices auprez de la Reine, 1’honneur de fa protection, qui eft tout ce que je fou-haite de plus ardemment: Cell ce que vous aurez en responfe de la votre.

Leopold.

Ordered, That the Copies of the said Letters be referred to a Committee to translate; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary General

Stanhope, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Mr. Methuen, Lord Tamioorlh, Mr. Conyers, Sir TUo. Crojfe, Sir

Wm. Wyndhanr, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Walpole, Sir Robert

Davers, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Campion: And they are

to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Residence o Pretender ia. Lorroin.

53'a 2r* Aprilis. 1714.

' Resolvetd, That an humble Address be presented to Mr. Brydges presented to the House, pursuant to Army

’ her Majesty, That (he will be pleased to direct, That their Address to her Majesty, an Estimate of the Debts an Account be laid before this House, what Instances due to the Army, being her Majesty’s Subject Troops, have been used with the Emperor, for the revoking the from the Establishments of foreign Service, to the aift Passport granted by him, for the Pretender’s redding of 1712, or to the respective Days of Dif-

in the Dominions of the Duke of Lorraiw, or against bandment, or being removed to other Establishments renewing the fame. within that Time; distinguillied under the Heads of

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Clearings and Off-reckonings:

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her And the Title thereof was read.

Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council. The said Kftimate is as follows; viz.

\ X

0

eg;

1 h

N'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

00_

«s

e

Am ESTIMATE of the Debts due to the Army, being her Majesty’s Subject Troops upon the Establishments of foreign Service; to she 21st 1712, or to the respective Days of Difbandment, or being removed to other Establishments within that time; distinguished under the Heads of Clearings and Off-reckonings; viz.

REGIMENTS NAMES; and to what TIMES dated.

Horse -

Dragoons -

o

C

Foot - -<

W

g* Horse -3 Dragoons

(General Lumley's, to the 21st of December 1712 Lord Windsor's, to D° Time -

Major General Kell urn's, to Ditto -

Colonel Blackwell’s, to Ditto -

Marquis of Harwich's to Ditto - . f Earl of Stair’s, to D® ——

( Colonel-General Ross's, to D®

' Earl of Orkney's, to D®

Earl of Forfar’s to D® -

Brigadier Hans Hamilton’s, to D* - -

Brigadier Sutton’s, to Ditto -

Lieutenant General Webb’s, to D®

Lord North and Grey's, to D®

Marquis of Hertford’s, to D®

Brigadier Sterne's, to D® -Earl of Orrerye's, to D* -

Major General Sabine’s, to D® -Major General Primroje's, to D®

Brigadier Prefion's, to D® -

Colonel Newton's, to D® -

Major General Evans's, to D® -Colonel WyndreJs’s, to the 24th August 1712

Colonel Chudleigh’s, to the 24th December 1712 -

Major General Sybourg's, to D® -Major General Wynn’s, to D® -Colonel Kane’s, to the 24th 1712 -

Colonel Clayton’s, to the 1 oth September 1712 Colonel Pocock’s, to the 21A of December 1712 -Colonel Leigh’s, to D*

Lieutenant General Hilts, to 24th Augttjl 1712 -^Colonel Defney's, to D® -

Lieutenant General Harvey’s, to the 23d December 1711 f Major General Pepper's, to D® -(Earl of Strafford’s ——

ESTIMATE of the Amount of the Clearings.

4,187

2.942

2.942

2.942

2.942

s. d. 11 —

6

6

6

6

11

11

11

11

ARREAR of Off-reckonings to the respective times the Accounts are here dated.

C

563

380

380

380

380

s.

11

14

14

14

14

2,970 3 3* 5»3 8 ioi

2,970 3 31 513 8 io*

3,695 8 8 909 3 5*

1,930 16 2* 443 17 !:

1,930 16 2 1 448 17 — i1

1,930 16 2 1 448 17 4

1,930 16 2 , 448 17 — {:.

1,930 16 2 n 448 *7 j.

1.930 16 2? 448 17 — i

1.930 16 2; 448 «7 —

1,930 16 2 jt 534 7 2 i

1,930 16 2$ 448 17 — 1

1,930 16 24 448 17 — i

1.930 16 24 '448 17 — i

1,830 16 24 448 17 — i

1,830 16 24 448 17 -f

1,512 5 1 299 1 4

1,920 6 51 1,345 19 5

1,920 6 5i 420 16 7*

1,820 6 5 i 407 7 10*

1,603 16 54 179 18 2*

1,683 8 44 329 2 7

1,708 13 8 i 343 15 8*

3,059 2 94 420 16 7*

2,834 10 84 280 2 10

2,406 13 34 1,395 6 21

8,652 15 n4 2,030 10 2 1

6,982 7 4 2,309 10 31

6,982 7 4 2,238 5 31

Betides which, there re* mains to clear the Alignments to the Clothiers, which are certified by the General Officers to take up the Off-reckonings be-rood the Days on whch the Regiments were dif* banded.

£. s. d.

300 4 1

TOTAL due for Off-reckonings, to the lift of Decembtr 171a, and of what remains unsatisfied upon Assignments for Offreckonings of Regiments disbanded before that time.

380

380

380

380

513

5>3

99

443

448

448

448

448

s,

11

<4

14

14

H

8

8

3

17

17

17

>7

17

d.

7 r 2* 2 t

2t’ 10* 10* 5* — 1

— i ~ i

— i

— 1

448 17 — 1

448 17 — 1

534 7 2 1

448 17 — 1

448 17 —

448 17 — 1

448 17 — 1

448 17 — 1

299 1 4

1,345 19 5

420 16 7*

407 7 10*

179 18 2*

629 6 8*

343 15 U

420 16 7 i

280 2 10 CJ\

1,395 6 2

2,030 10 2 j

2,309 10 31

2,238 5 31

13 Ann. 2° Aprilis.

The ESTIMATE of the Debts due t«

REGIMENTS NAMES; and to what TIMES stateA

o

o

OQ

Foot -

w

a

05

3

o

3

Dragoons

Foot -Dragoons

Foot -

Major General Wade's, to D® «... Colonel Harriforis, to D® - -

Brigadier Dormers, to D® -

Brigadier Bowles's, to D® -

Earl of Barrymore's, to 21 ft D 1712

Colonel MolefuoortKs,to D* -

Colonel Du Bourgay's,to the 14th November 1712 -Ma jor General Elliott's, to the 21st December 1712 -

Lieutenant General Farrington's, to D" -Colonel Philipps'Syto D® - -

Major General Pearce's,to D® Lieutenant General Sankey's,to D®

Major General Nero ton's, to D®

Colonel IVm. Stanhope's,to the 14th November 1712 Colonel James O Hara, to the 21st December 1712 -

Colonel Butler'si to the 24th September 1712 -

Sir Robert Rich's, to the 14th 1712 -

Lord Mark Kerr’s, to D® - -

Major General IVhetham'sto 21st ^Colonel Najfim'^ to the 14th November 1712 -5 Colonel Rouchctier's, to the 7th September 1712 X Brigadier Lepell's, to the 9th November 1712 -

C Brigadier Gore’s, to the4th of 1712

ITord Slave's to the 21st December 1712

- j Brigadier Price’s, to D®....

CMajor General Hooke's,toD® -

_ j Lieutenant General Stanhope's to the 4U1 August 1712 ^Brigadier Mundens, to the 6th 1712

Brigadier Dalzell’s, toD®

Brigadier Stamcix's, to D® ——

Colonel Fielding's, to 7th August 1712 Colonel Tyrrel's, to the 7th 1712 -

Colonel Franks's, to the 8th August 1712 -Brigadier Vesey's, to the 26th August 1712 Brigadier Jones's,to the 2lit December 1712

Lieutenant General Sleuarl’s, to the 23d December 1708

> the^ Army, — continued.

Crr

Os>

' ESTIMATE of the Amount of the Clearings, ARREAR of Off-reckonings to the respective times the Accounts are here dated. Befidfs which, there remains to dear the Alignments to the Clcthien which are certified by the General Officers to take up the Off-reckonings beyond the Days on which the RegimenCI were disbanded. I TOTAL due for Offreckonings, to the sift bf December 1711, and of what remains unsatisfied Upon Assignmems for Offreckonings of Regiments disbauded before that lime*

£ s. d. £ $. d: £ d. £. s. d.

m 5,004 17 3 £ 2,046 14 104. - 2,046 14 10 4

m 4,826 6 3 i 2,046 14 104. - - 2,046 14 104

2,661 15 2 1,996 14 104 wi m - 1,996 14 104

" m 3,819 12 1 2,046 14 104. - - 2,046 14 104

" 4,965 >7 6{ 630 16 7 i - 630 16 74

3,45i 12 8 i 101 10 1 - 101 10 1

5,498 11 2 { 441 18 94 - 441 18 94

" 5,625 9 11 i 53 2 8 11 - - 532 8 11

" 2,142 4 7i 453 2 3 - - 453 2 3

m 2,215 13 216 — 10 - - 216 — 10

m " 4,072 2 — 334 - 6 i - 334 — 64

4,072 2 — 439 9 1 T - - 439 9 4

4,072 2 443 17 -i - - 443 17 — 4

" 3,808 5 3 i 381 19 m 1 / i - - 381 19 7 T

- 3,985 2- 4 § 834 5 JO - 834 5 10

" " 5,4*5 15 1 T 559 12 - / i,i57 7 6 1,717 — It

" 2,920 14 2 i 432 13 8 4 841 19 3 1,274 12 11 4

- " 3,050 19 34 626 1 2 34 304 14 114 931 7 3

m 3,508 14 1 477 19 8 - - 477 '9 8*

" 3,216 11 f T 723 19 3 4 1,125 17 10 i, S49 17 1 4

- " 13,239 — 74 361 12 64 320 10 ~ 1 / *5 682 3 1 4

- " 4.945 8' 8i 581 17 2 3,747 19 44 4,329 16 64

- - 2,963- 2- 94 3,308 3 3 - - 3*308 3 3

- " i,032 10 94 186 5 4 4 - - 186 5 4 k

" i,932 10 94 183 14 74 m - 183 14 7 v

- - i,932 10 94 229 12 44 — - 2JO 12 4 5-

" 8,231 3 34 3,032 13 9 4 . - - 3,032 13 9

" " 3,56.3 9 1*4 3,319 1 5 i - - 3,319 1 5 V

- " 2,678 9 5 3,319 5 i 507 6 5 '4 3,826 7 11

- " 3,736 14 44 - - i,779 7 1,779 7 — 4

i,352 10 94 62 11 5 i,537 11 34 1,600 2 8 4

" - i,352 10 94 58 13 3 1,129 8 2 4 1,188 1 5 4

- 2,678 8 84 112 11 71 666 2 2 ’ 778 13 10

- " 3,002 1 6 281 5 94 3-’4 12 11-1 605 189

" - 1,934 12 104 232 9 9 4 501 11 2 £ 734 1 —

- " 2,829 2 9 m m - -

ipiLiy -niudfr at

g

cq"

f — h

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

t*

REGIMENTS N A M E S; and to what TIMES dated.

Dragoons -

Foot -

Dragoons Foot - -

Dragoons

Foot -

Dragoons Foot -

Colonel Foiffac's, to the 26th A 1712

Colonel Dejborde s,to the 27th D°

Colonel Gually's,to the 29th D* -

Colonel Magny's, to the 20th February 1744-Colonel Sarland’s to D° -

_ Brigadier Withers's to the 7th September 1712 -

Brigadier WindfoFs,to the 23d December 1710 -Lieutenant General Wiglitman's, to the 24th June 1708 Sir Charles Hot ham's, to the 23d December 1710 Marquis de Montandre's,to the 23d December 1710 -

1 Lord Montjoy’s to the 7th October 1708 -

(..Lieutenant General Gorge's, to D° -| Brigadier Pearce's to D* -

r Colonel Toby Caidfeild's,to the 28th August 1709 < Colonel Magny’s to the 5th February 170-j-

t Colonel Churchill’s to the 24th June 1709 -| Marquis deGuifcard's, to the 23d July 1708

r Colonel Grant's, to the 24th of August 1712 J Earl of Gallwaye’s Spanijk Foot, to 23d December 1710 j Marquis deAjfa’s, to the lft 1712

t Colonel Kirk's to the 23d December 1708 Sir Daniel Carrol's, to the 23d April 1712 Colonel BloJJett's,to the 23d July 1708 ..

Off-reckonings - -

Total - £.

ESTIMATE of the Amount of the Clearings ARREAR of Off-reckonings . to the respective times the Accounts are here flated. BefiJes which, therered mains to clear the Ash’ii-ments to the Clothiers,; which arc certified by thej Genrr.d Ollicers to take! up the Olf-reckoninss be-i yond the Days on which; the Regiments were dif-' banded. TOTAL due for Off- reclonings, to the lift of December 1712, and of what remains UMtathfi^J upon Alignments for Oif-reckonings of Regiments dUb-uidedbetore that time.

£ s. d. £ s" d. £. s. d. £ *- tf.

8,032 13 H - -

7, >52 1 lof - -

7,200 10 1 857 3 61 - 857 3

5,^38 17 111 107 — 4| - 107 — 4*

4.503 — 4i - -

8,214 3 H 189 9 10^ 189 9 10:-

4,306 7 5i - -

- 2,242 4 7$ -

L093 — 6 - -

1,931 9 71 2,010 9 9; 3.581 3 9-: 5,621 13 6}

m 1,615 8 61 602 2 — i- 602 2

1,615 8 6| 404 17 n - 404 17 ij-

4.129 12 5 - -

3,643 6 9l -

802 6 — 1 205 19 8 - 20,5 19 8

1,171 2 3l - " -

- 4,190 17 3l -

1,508 19 il 185 — 61- - 185 — 61

- 993 — 6 -

3,5i8 8 il - - - m

m 2,242 4 71 149 16 3 - 149 16 3

2,968 7 4 -

1,015 13 31 " - -

£ 309,848 2 m % n 57,717 14 6-1 17,825 16 8 75,543 11 3

75*543 1 1 3

£ 385,391 13 51

5-

Memorandum: The Officers who were employed in recruiting the respective Regiments to which they belonged in the Beginning of the Year 1708, think them

felvesentitled to a further Addition of40 Shillings a Man Levy-money, pursuant to her Majesty’s Proclamations, and an A6fc of Parliament in that behalf: And>£. 8,166-

in Consideration of their extraordinary Trouble and Expence on that Service, the Demand they make on that Account amounts to - -,) =

J. Bridges.

Crx

Cn

13 Ann. i° Aprilis.

k

536 a0 — 3 AprA. 1714*

Ordered, That the said EfUmate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Drawback A Bill for lessening the Drawback on Tobacco car-n Tobacco. -Tied into Ireland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee " t>f the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do provide in the Bill, That all Contrails, made before the 24th of March last, for Tobacco to be carried to Ireland, shall be void, except the Buyer pay the Three Pence per Pound.

S»fpty- The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conye~s took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refnmed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Hesolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Conyersalfo acquainted the House, That he was

directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Rejoivrd, That this House will.upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House. to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That the will be pleasedto give Directions to the proper Officer to lay before this House an Account of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers, and of the Expence of each Garison of Great Britain, for the Year 1714.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That (lie will be pleased to give Directions That an Account of the State of the Fortifications and Harbour of Dunkirk; and what Representations have been made, from time to time, by the Engineers and Officers appointed to inspect the Demolition of the fame; with the Answers thereto, and the Orders given thereupon....

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That flie will be pleased to give Directions, That there may be laid before this House an Account of what Instructions have been given for the settling the Trade with Flanders, and what Progress hath been made therein.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That lhe will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officer to lay before this House au Account what Forces were in her Majesty’s Pay in the Year 1711, and what are now subsisting.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 30 Aprilis;

Anno 130 Annas Reginae, 1714.

Prayer

i\Ws Del t A P ET1TI ON of Robert Wife, late of London, To-U the Crown. f\. bacco-merchant, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That the Petitioner hath imported

large Quantities of Tobacco into London; for which he hath paid the Customs thereof to her Majesty, to the.

Amount of 200,000l. Sterling: That, in the Years 1708 and 1709, said Petit ionerdid enter into Bonds for 23,018/.

19*. 11 % d.for Customs of Tobacco by him imported:

And the Petitioner, not being able to pay off the said Bonds, to prevent Imprisonment, wasforced to withdraw t

into Parts beyond the Seas; and that several Extents hath been issued against the Petitioner, and his Sureties, and his and their Estates, for the said Debt; and thereupon there has been secured, and paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of her Majesty’s Customs, the Sum of 5,406/. 145. 3I d.That by reason of the Decay

and Badness of the Tobacco-trade, and other LoffeS which the Petitioner sustained at Sea, and otherwise, during the late War, is disabled from paying what due on the said Bonds; and his Sureties are all failed, and become insolvent, as by the annexed Report of the Commissioners of Customs doth appear: That, besides his own Debt, he became bound as Surety for Thomas Perrin, and Cornelius Denn, Tobacco-merchants, for the Dnty of Tobacco, in the Sum of 6,187/. 11' And that, in pursuance of the Resolution of the Commons, in the last Session of the last Parliament, the Commissioners of her Majesty’s Customs have, by their said Report hereunto annexed, stated the Petitioner’s Debt and Cafe; and have certified, that the Petitioner, and his Sureties, are able to satisfy only the Sum of 3,000l. which is much more than is likely ever to be recovered upon the Extent: And in regard the carrying on the .<

Prosecution against the Petitioner will be of no Benefit;

to her Majesty, but utterly disable the Petitioner to maintain himself, and Family, for the future: And praying a Bill may be brought in, to impewer the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with the Petitioner, and his Sureties, for what he is indebted to her Majesty, arid Hands bound as Surety for others.

Whereupon the Resolution of the House, of the 23d of April 1713. giving Directions what is to be done by Persons indebted to the Crown, before they apply to the House for Bills to compound, was read.

And Mr. Attorney General acquainted the House,

That those Directions having been pursued, and Application thereupon made to her Majesty, he had Com- f

mands from her Majesty to signify to the House, That lhe had no Objection to such a Bill: And the Certificates required by the fairl Resolution of the House being duly annexed to the said Petition;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty: And that they do examine the Allegations of -

the Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed Yesterday Removal of to translate Two Letters, presented to the House in Rreten‘ler. French, have Leave to fit in a Morning, if they think rom orrau fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Stealing the more effectual preventing and punishing, the Steal- Cattle, ing orunlawful Killing, of Cattle: And that Mr.

Mr. Bmithfbn, and Mr. Jennings, do prepare, and bring

‘n, the fame.

Mr. Fcrrier reported from the Committee, to whom Yarmouth ' the Bill for the building a new Church, or Chapel of Churca. Eale, in Great Yarmouth, in the County of by a

Duty or Imposition on all Coals, Culm, or Cinders, to be landed there, was committed. That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same Amendments in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and

upon

i3 Ann. . 30 — 5"

537

upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply. Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution they had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £.245,700 or. 3 be granted to her Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy for the Year 1714.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words, " including Half-pay to the Sea Officers

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended. That a Sum, not exceeding £. 245,700 or. 3d. be granted to her Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy for the Year 1714, including Half-pay to the Sea Officers.

Nrw Sarum Toe House proceeded, according to Order, to the £k{tk>n. hearing the Merits of the Election for the City of New Sarum:

And the Counsel on both Sides being called in;

The Petition of Robert Pitt Esquire, complaining of the said Election, was read;

And several Witnesses were examined, both for the Petitioner and Sitting Member.

And the Counsel on both Sides were heard.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, That Richard Jones Esquire is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of New Sarum.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Publication Resolved, That this House will upon this Day Seventh Libels. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of her Majesty’s Speech to both Housesuf Parliament which relates to seditious Libels, and faCfious Rumours.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the House, That AtJwer to their Addresses of Friday last have been presented to Ad<*reffe* her Majesty, relating to the Deficiencies upon the Act, of the Third and Fourth Years of her Majesty’s Reign, for granting a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchant dizes imported; touching the Instances with the Emperor for revoking the Passport, granted by him, for the Pretender’s residing in the Dominions of the Duke of Lorrain, or against renewing the fame; touching the General and Staff Officers, for the Year 1714; touching the State of the Fortifications and Harbour of Dunkirk, and Demolition thereof; touching the Instructions for settling the Trade with Flanders, and the Progress made therein; and touching the Forces in Pay in the Year 1711, and now in Pay; and that her Majesty had been pleased to give Orders touching the fame, according to the Desires of the House.

A Petition of the Adventurers, and Fishermen, of the Duties on Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, Salu concerned in the Island and North Sea Fishings, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Fishings employ great Numbers of Vessels, from this and other Ports of this Kingdom, and is a Nursery for Seamen: That Encouragement has always been given to this Trade; and, by an Act of the Fourth of her Majesty, Provision was made, That Island and North Sea Fish might be imported, though salted with Salt that had not paid Excise; That the greatest Part of the Salt used has been bought in Scotland, and no Excise paid; but, by the 8th Article of Union, Part of the Excise paid it rEnglandwill, after May-day next, be paid for Salt made in Scotland-, and that the Salt-makers in Scotland, taking Advantage of the approaching Duty, have already raised the Price of Salt proportionable to the said Duty; so that no Place remains in Great Britain, where Salt can be had Excise-free; and consequently these advantageous Trades will he ruined:

And praying Leave to take Salt at or any

other Port in Great Britain, Excise-free, for the Service of the North Sea and IslandTrade, under Caution to secure the Revenue on Salt.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

limiting Officers in the House*

Shepherd's

Shord

Roads.

Ordered, That" the ingrossed Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliament, by limiting the Number of Of- A Petition of the Adventurers, and Fishermen, of the Ditto, fleers in the Hoqfe of Commons, be read the Third time Town of in the County of Suffolk, concerned

upon Monday next, at Twelve a Clock; and nothing to for the Fishing for Cod in the North Seas, was presented intervene.. to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said

Fishing constantly employs great Numbers of Vessels And then the House adjourned till Monday from divers Ports of this Kingdom, and is a Nursery Morning, Nine of the Clock. for Seamen: That due Encouragement has been given

to this Trade; and by an Act of the 4th of the Queen,

1 ----- T " ' T Provision was made for the Importation of North Sea

j 07* a. / Fish salted, that had not paid Excise: That the Salt

i. LjUTUS)5 Cite /if rim; used therein has been bought in Scotland, where no

Annq 13* Annae Reginse, 1714. Excise has been paid; but, by the 8th Article of the

Union, Part of the Excise payable in England will, after Prayers. May day next, be paid for Salt made in Scotland-, and

MR. Rolt reported from the Committee to whom* that the Salt-makers in Scotland, taking Advantage of the Bill for repairing the Highways between said Dutyhave raised the Price of Salt there, in pro-Shepherd's Shord, and Horsley Upright Gate, leading porpon to the said coming Duty; so that no Place redown Bagden Hill, in the County of IVills, and other maijis in Great Britain where Salt can be had Excise-ruinous Parts of Highways thereunto adjacent, was free; which, if not prevented, will ruin the said Trade: committed, That they had made several Amendments And praying Liberty to take Salt at the Port of New-to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to ‘ cafile, Excise-free, for Service of the North Sea Trade, the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards " under Caution to secure the Revenue on Salt, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition once read throughout; and then a Second time, one be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her , agreed unto by the House. Majesty.

You 17- 6 X Mr.

t

R« iding Roads.

538

50 April

A. 1714,

Mr. Calvert reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn, in Reading, in the County of Berks, and a certain Place called Puntfeild, in the said County, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table \ where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

be

Ordered, That the Bill, W'ith the Amendments, ingrossed.

Mr. Gioynn presented to the House, by her Majesty's General and

Command, pursuant to their Address, an Account of the General and Staff Officers for the Year 1714: And also,

An Abstract of the Charges of the Garisons, for the Ganfon*. Year 1714:

And the Titles thereof were read.

The said Account and Abttradt are as follow; viz.

Co

.e

W *N. U M

Kj

0

«§ 1;

tn<

5*0

§ §

1

0)

General and Staff Officers for the Year 1714.

'"Captain General and Commander in Chief -

His Secretary -

One Aid-de-Camp ——

Lieutenant General ——

One Aid-de-Camp, and Secretary -

Major General ——

Brigadier General -

Paymaster General - -

Secretary to the Forces -

Commissary General of the Muster, for himself and Deputies

Adjutant General -Quartermaster General Deputy Quartermaster General Judge Advocate General, and Deputy Physician General -Chirurgeon General -^Apothecary General -

Total

Francis

ABSTRACT of the Charge of the Garisons, for the Year 1714.

Berwick -

Blackness Cattle ——

Caljhol Cattle ——

Carlisle ——

Chester -

Clifford's Fort ——

Cinque Ports....

Dunbarton Cattle - -

Edinburgh Cattle ——

Gravesend and Tillbury ——

Guernsey ——

Hull and the Blockhouse - -

Hurst Cattle ——

Jersey I (land ——

Land-Guard Fort ——

St. Maws ——

Abstract*J Pendennis Cattle -

Plymouth and St. Nicholas Island - -

Portland Cattle - -

Portsmouth -

Sheerness -

SciUy island ——

Scarborough Cattle -

Stirling Cattle ——

Timnouth Cattle ——

Tower of London -

Upnor ——

Fort William

Windfor - - - .

North Yarmouth -

I tie of Wight -

Invalid Companies in the Garisons, &c. - -

-St. James's Park Gunners, Xc. ——

Total

Per Diem. Per Annum.

£ s. d. t. s. d.

10 — — 3,650

- — 10 — 182 10 —

— 10 — 182 10

1,460

- — 10 — 182 10 —

2 730 — —

1 10 — 547 10 —

1 3<i5

1 — — 365

- 5 9 4 1,995 6

- 4 18 7 4-4 1,800

— 10 — 182 10 —

365

- — 5 — 91 5 —

- 1 365

— 10 — 182 10 —

— 10 — 182 10 —

- — 10 — 182 10 —

£ 35 12 n 44 13,011 11 8

Per Diem. Per Annum.

2 7 7i 868 15 64.

1 16 6 666 2 6

- — 7 6 136 17 6

346 15 —

- — 15 — 273 15

- — 6 — 109 10 —

3 — 11 i 1,112 17 4.*

1 16 6 666 a 6

4 H - 1,660 15 —

2 4 ti? 820 2 24-

— 18 — 328 10 —

- 2 7 7t 868 15 64.

— 7 6 136 17 6

1 a — 401 10 —

— 14 — 255 10 —

— 7 10 142 19 2

— 16 24 295 8 54,

- 2 19 14, 1,078 13

— 5 6 100 76

- 3 13 1* 1,334 -3 T

- 2 9 11 T 9*i 7 2i

- 1 365

- — '- 2 10 52 9 44

4 11 - if66o 15 —

1 1 5 T 391 4 84,

9 3 3 4- 3>344 13 104

1 7 — 492 15 —

- 2 4 2* 807

— 18 — 328 10 —

- — 4 — 73

3 15 H>i 1.3*5 1 11

- 21 14 — 7,920 10 —

1 7 5i 500 14 84,

C 81 14 11 29,836 14 6

Francis Gwyn.

Ordered,

539

i3 Ann.

5® April is.

Ordered, That the same he referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to con fider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Bulled reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of Joseph Oliver, Gentleman, lying in the County of Devon, and City of Exon, for the Payment of his Debts; and for making Provision for the Maintenance and Education of his Daughter; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Lotondes presented to the House, by her Majesty’s Command, pursuant to their Address for that Purpose, the Deficiency, at Michaelmas 1713, of the Classis Lottery for 1711: And,

The Deficiency, at Michaelmas 1713, of the Claflis Lottery for 1712:

And the Titles thereof were read.

The said Deficiencies are as follow; viz.

AC CO UN T shewing the Deficiency, at Michaelmas 1713, of the yearly Fund 187,670 for the Clafiis

Lottery, Anno 1711; which yearly Fund is charged upon the Duties hereunder mentioned; viz.

The net Produce thereof between Michaelmas 1712

and Michaelmas 1713; viz.

Duties on Hides and Skins -Stamp-duties on Debentures, Bills of Lading, Almanacks, fife.

Duty of ixr. per Ton on Rock Salt exported -

Duty on Hackney Chairs /. 700 per Week out of the Poll O nice Revenue

£ 75.074

s.

18

d.

7

7.943 15 —

721

171

10 10

- 36,400 ——

120,311 4 5

Deficiency, at Michaelmas 1713, as per Certificate from Auditor of the Re-ceiptof her Majesty’sExchequer, hereunto annexed, appears - 67,358 15 7

£. 187,670 ——

In Obedience to her Majesty’s Commands, on an Address of this honourable House, this Deficiency is dated, and humbly presented, by me, yym 5th April 1714.

These are to certify, That there was deficient, at Michaelmas 1713, on the yearly Fund 187,670 for the Clafiis Lottery, A* 1711, the Sum of Sixty-t seven thousand Three hundred Fifty-eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Seven Pence.

Exchequer, Halifax.

24th Mar. 1713.

ACCOUNT shewing the Deficiency, at Michaelmas 1713, of the yearly Fund of 169,003 for theClaflis Lottery, Anno 1712: which yearly Fund is charged upon the Duties hereunder mentioned; viz.

The net Produce thereof between Michaelmas 1712 and Michaelmas 1713; £. s. d.

Additional Duty on Hides and Skins 83,314 13 10 Duties on Wire and Starch - - 16,317 7

Duties on Policies of insurance - 1,824 *4 2

VOL. 17.

£. 101,456 15 8$

Deficiency, at Michaelmas 1713, as per Certificate from the Auditor of the Receipt of her Majesty’s Exche- s. d.

quer hereunto annexed, appears - 67,546 4 3f

£. 169,003 ——

In Obedience to her Majesty’s Commands, on an Address of this honourable House, this Deficiency is dated,

and humbly offered by me, w Zomafer.

5th April 1714.

These are to certify. That there was deficient, atA/i-chaelmas 1713, on the yearly Fund of £. 169,003 for the Classis Lottery Anno 1712, the Sum of Sixty-seven thousand Five hundred Forty-six Pounds Four Shillings and Three Pence Halfpeny.

Exchequer, Halifax.

24th March 1713.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Deficiencies be referred to the select Committee, to whom the several Edimates and Accounts, relating to the Supply granted to her Majesty, are referred.

A Petition of the J udices of Peace, Gentlemen, and Southwark others, living in or near the several Parishes in which toKingfton the Roads from the City of London, to the several Towns Roads* of Croydon, Sutton, and Kingston, in the county of ,

lie, and also of several Farmers, Gardeners, StageCoach-men. Carriers, Waggoners, Higlers, Carters, and others, who frequent and pass the said Road, whose Names are subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by the Multitude of Passengers, and heavy Carriages, frequenting the said Roads the same are become so ruinous, that it is dangerous to all travelling that Way, the Inhabitants not being able to repair the fame: And praying a Bill may be brought in for the Repair thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Finch, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Vernon, Sir James

Bateman, Mr. Carew, and Mr. Dockminique, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Thomas Glascock, Town Clerk of Col- Privilege, — -chester, in Cudody of the Serjeant at Arms attending custodjtobe this House, be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, brought to in order to his Discharge. the Bar.

Sir Tho. Crojfe reported from the select Committee, to Committee whom the several Edimates and Accounts, relating to ^ccoums the Supply granted to her Majesty, were referred, the cc Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Intered due to the South Sea Company; which theyhad directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee took into Consideration the Edimate for the-Shu/A Sea Company, for the Year 1714; which s. d.

amounted to - 576,279 10 —

But the Duties on Salt, at nd. per Bushel, are computed to amount to - 25,400 — —

So that the Remainder, to be provided for the Year 1714, amounts to - 550,879 10 — That the Committee did observe.

That the Sum directed by the Act for making good Deficiencies, to be subscribed to the said Company was

/9.47U32 5-

That there is subscribed to the Capital Stock of the said Company but L 9*177»9^7 l5s-Ad.\ which is £. 293,358 4*. 8d. less than the Act directed: But that the said Company by Virtue of a Clause in the said Act, have received Intered as if the whole

Sum

540 5°" Apr 1714.

Sum had been subscribed; by which means they have already received, for Two Years Interest of the $upa of£. 39^,358 4 s.8 d.not subscribed in to the said £.

Company,a Sum amounting to - - - -15>l96 ——

And in the Estimate for the Year 1714, there is charged on the same Account ... 17,598 ——

Which Two last Sums d.

amount to - 52,794 ——

And being deducted out of the Sum in the Estimate above mentioned, make the Sum, to be provided for the South Sea Company, for the Year 1714 £. 498,085 10 —

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the South Sea Company for 1714; and also an Account of the Sum Total, of which the Capital Slock of the South Sea Company did coqfift on the 25th 1713; and also the

particular Tallies and Orders, Dills, Certificates, and Debentures, which have been taken or admitted into the said Jqint Stock, and the Sums for which they were respectively taken; which were referred to the said fe-lefct Cqiqmiftee; be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole Hoqfe.

Limiting Of- An ingrossed Bill for fecqring the Freedom of Parlia-ficers in the ments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House House. of Cppitnons, was, according to Order, read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; L. after "him," to insert "qr fqr his Benefit

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, bylimit? ing the Number of Officers in the House of Commons.

Ordered, That Sir Arthur Kay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed to move the House, That the Committee may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, That they had directed him to move, That the Account, shewing the Deficiency, in 1713, of the yearly Fund of £. 160,000 for the Company and others, trading to the East Indies, might be referred to the feted Committee, to whom the Estimates and Accounts relating to the Supply granted to her Majesty are referred.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Consideration of the said feted Committee.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, That they had directed him to move the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Salt, to be made pfe of for Curing offifli taken in the North Seas, or at Island.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for allowing aPrawback upon the Exportation of Salt, to be piade qfe of for the Curing of I ill), taken in the North Seas, or at Island: And that Mr M r. Lowndes,

Mr. Perrier, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr* Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Fitx Williams have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

And he moved accordingly; and prefeoted to the House, a Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants of the City of rough, touching the Bill for making the River or

A'V«, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable; the Committee, to whom the same is committed, being to fit this Afternoon:

And the said Petition was read; setting forth, That the Petitiopers finding the re is a Bill depending, for making the JliverA^ewe, alias running from A or///

ampton to Peterborough, navigable; which if it pass will greatly prejudice the Petitioners: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Commitee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Brudene/l, Mr. Fuller, Mr. lVin-fianley, Sir John Germaine, Captain Chapman, Sir Fulw. S/iipwish, Sir Chr. Hale, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Wm. Barker, Mr. Smilhfon, S\r Geo. Beaumont, Mr. be

added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Nine, or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Marlisy 6* d;

Anno 13* Ann® Reginae, 1714.

Prayers.

MR. Burjleat prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a BUI for repairing and amending the Highway, between the Town or Village of Tittenfor, and the most Northern Part oiTalk on the Hill, in Butt-lane, in the County of StaffordAnd the same was received; and read the First time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between and

in the County of Bedford, was read a Second time. / Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chet-icynd, Mr. Roll, Captain Chapman, Mr. Archer, Sir Pynfent Charnock, Sir John Mordaunt, Sir Ful. with, Mr. Freman, Mr. Harvey, Sir Arth. Kay, Mr, Shuttleworth, Mr. Clarges, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Quick, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Curxon, Sir Bryan Stapleton, Mr. Slmckerley, Mr. Braccbridge, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Burslem, Mr. Hungerford; and all that serve for the Cannties of Bedford and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Deputy Lieutenants, and also of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen and other Inhabitants,

Nyne

Talk, &c. Roads.

Dunstalik

Roads.

KenCngtoo

Roads.

Wiggan

Election.

13 Ann.

6" Aprilis.

bitants, of the County of Mliving in or hear the several Towns and Parishes lying in the Highway leading from the Town and Parish of in the said County, towards Colnebrook and Staynes; and also of several Grafiers, Farmers, Gardeners, Stage Coachmen, Carriers, Waggoners, Higlers, and others, who

54*

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the main Question being put, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections he discharged from proceeding upon the Petition of the Earl of complaining of an undue Ele&iott for the Borough of

frequent and pass the said Highway, whose Names are in the County 'of'; the ffiid Petition

thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and- not having been signed by the said Earl himself, but'

read; setting forth, That, by reason of the many and heavy Carriages frequenting the said Roads, the same are become so very ruinous, that it is dangerous to her Majesty, and all attending her, to travel that Way*, and that the Inhabitants thereof have been at great Expences in repairing the fame; yet continue so bad, that it cannot, by the Laws now in Force, be effectually amended, without Aid of Parliament; Gravel, and other Materials, not being to be had, but at a great Distance: And praying a Bill may be brought in, for Repair thereof.’

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bertie and Mr. Smithson do prepare, and bring in; the fame.

Sir Gilbert Dolben, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Manner of signing the Petition of James Berry Earl of -mrre, in the Kingdom of Ireland, complaining of an undue Election for the Borough of Wiggan, in the County of Lancaster; which Report he read in his Place; and

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to their Instruction. from the House, have inquired into the Manner of signing the said Petition:

And the Committee examined Edward Harvey Esquire, who delivered the Petition; and also the Petitioner, the Earl of Barrymore.

Mr. Harvey said. He received the Petition from the Petitioner the Earl of Barrymore, at Wardley, as he was coming to London: That his Lord ship desired him to consult with his Friends in Town, whether it was according to the Methods of the House; and, if he found it to be so, his Lordship gave him Authority to set his Name to it; and desire him to deliver it; which he did accordingly: That if he had found it not according to the Methods of the House, he was to fend it back for his Lordship to sign: And said, That the Petition delivered is the very individual Paper which he received from his Lordship.

The Earl of Barrymore, being examined, confirmed what Mr. Harvey had said; and declared, he owned the Petition delivered, and is ready to proceed upon it.

The Committee did not inquire into the Manner of signing the said Petition by Mr. Bridgman-, there being an Order of the House, whereby the Committee is discharged from proceeding upon that Part of the Petition, which relates to the said Mr. Bridgman.

The Journal of the 14 of November 1689, relating to the Proceedings upon the Petition of the Weavers, being read;:

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Petition of the Earl of Barrymore, complaining of an undue Election for the Borough of Wigan, in the County of Lancaster; An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto,

having been signed by the Order of the said Earl, and owned by him;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

} I94'

110.

Mr. Cock bu

Mr. Chol/nIcy

G oidj Black more:

] 1

ME Cccfar,

Mr. Campion

Mr. Shuttle-wor;

Mr. By It:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the Earl of Barrymore be at Liberty to present a new Petition, signed by himself, and containing the same Allegations which were contained in the former Petition, and no other;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee of Harwich Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to Election, them, touching the Double Return, and Ejection, for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of E/Jex, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report; and Resolutions, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

Upon the Double-Return of Sir Daval Knight,

Carew HeroeyMildmty Esquire, and Thomas Heath Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Harwich, in: the County of Fssex; and the Petitions of the said

Mr. Mildmay and Mr. Heath, mutually complaining of the said Return, and of the Eletlion, for- the said Borough; the Committee have examined the Merits of the said Eleci ion and Return, with respect to the said Mr. Mildmay, and Mr. Heath.

Sir Thomas Davail, and Mr. Mildmay, are returned by one Indenture; and Sir Thomas Daval, and Mr.

Heath, by another.

It was agreed Sir Thomas Davall was duly elected.

The Poll for Mr. Mildmay and Mr. Heath was equal 16 for each.

Mr. Mildmay's Counsel infilled. That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for this Borough is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, residing within the Borough: And that when a Capital Burgess removes from the Borough, his Place is, ipfofacto, void.

Mr. Heath's Counsel infilled, That the Right of Election is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, at large: And that an Order of ’the Corporation for Disfranchisement is requisite when a Capital Burgess removes from the Borough; otherwise his Place is not void. \

By the Charter, which was produced by Mr. -may's Counsel, the Capital Burgesses are required to be residenles elinhubitantes: And the Clause for electing

by adding, at the End thereof, these Words the said Members to Parliament fays, the Election ilialt be per " Petition not having been signed by the said Earl him-

" self:" ‘ It appeared, by Minutes of the Corporation, That, in

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, 11658 and 1661, two Persons were eletteu into the Places agreed unto by the House. of others who were removed out of Town: And Mr.

Then another Amendment was proposed to be made Daniel Smyth said. He has been Steward of the Borough

to the Question, so amended, by adding these Words; " but having been signed by the Order of the said-Earl, " and owned b him

Vox,. 17.

above 40 Years: That the Right of Election is in the Mayor,: Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, or Head-boroughs, residing within the Borough, and no others: 6 Y That

54$ 6°Apritk. A 1714.

Harwich That it hasbe^n always prqCtifefl, that.when a.Capital £l«dion. Burgess totally leaves the Town, apd has no Family qr Residence there, heceafes to be a Capital Burgess; they make no Order for disfrancbifing.bifn; hilt his Place.is, ipso facto, void: Apd he mentioned the several infiances of this Practiqe, above zo Years ago, in the Cafes of Sir Anthony Dean, Robert Fox, Isaac Betts, Stephen Morrife, Captain Radburn, and Edmund Reynolds', on whole Removal others were chosen in their Places:

Being cross-examined, he said, Captain after he removed out of Town, acted as a Capital Bor-gefs; but then the Non-residents were pqt deputed: And that Charles Smith, his Nephew, and Daniel Smith, his Son, acted as Capital Burgefibs, although they resided only as Lodgers in the Town.

The Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of

Essex, is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, or Headboroughs, of the said Borough, reading within the said Borough.

Three of Mr. Heath's Voters were objeCfed to for Non-residents; viz. Captain Burleigh, Tobias ers, and Thomas Philips junior.

Mr. Smith said, That Captain Burleigh had no Residence in the Borough at the time of this Election; he then came there in a Boat; but has lived Three or Four Years out of the Borough, at his House in Suffolk, Two Miles off.

Stephen Tracy and Thomas Mattocks said, That Jewers and Philips live in near the Tower of

London', and have lived there, with their Families, One from Lady-day, and t’other from last, in

Houses of £.17 a Year Rent; for which they have paid the Parish-rates there, during that time.

Mr. Heath's Counsel called Giles who said.

That Captain Burleigh has always had Lodgings in Harwich; he often lies there; and has always paid the parish Duties: That all Capital Bqrgefles are sated, though they are Lodgers:

That, at the time of this Election, Jewers had a Family there, and the . same House for which he was always rated: That Philips his Wife wgs then at Lon-' don', but he had always a Maid arid Two Children in Lodgings at Harwich; and he rents a House there:

Giles Baker said further. That it, was Captain Hunt's Turn to go with the racket to Holland', but he sent the Packet by one whom he hired, qpd he staid and voted for Mr. Heath: And that aboutiThree Weeks after the Election he was turned out; and Davison, his Mate, who voted for Mr. Mildtnqy, was put iu his Place: That all the other Captains voted for Mr. , and none

of them are turned out: That the Postmaster General has the Government of the Packets: And that he dees not know the Cause of Hunt's Removal, nor whether it Was for Disobedience to any Order of the Poftnpsder or fiot.

Thomas Philips said, That when Mr. Heath's Letter was delivered to the Mayor, containing an Offer of his Service to the Corporation, the Mayor said* he thought if reasonable to flay, and foe whether the \jxA Bolingbroke, their Recorder, Would reepmmend any Member to them, or not.

John Lawn said, Mr. and Mr.: Mildmay

brought the Lord Bolingbrok Letter, recommending Mr. Mildmay; Upon which a Court was called, and the Letter read: That Brinfden solicited Votes for Mr. A/i/tf-may, and (laid in Town till the Election was over* and that Mr. Mildmay told the Witness,.he knew, nothing of his coming to Harwich, till his Lordship bid. him go, and allured him the Bufinefe was done.

He farther said. That Davidson was at Sew when he Was elected a Burgess; and was sworn at a Petty Court: That there was no General Court between the time of his Election and the Election to Parliament: That, at fee. time of his Election, there wa* a Superfotily of One

Vote egaiaft him, for tdsm B hj>but aoOtlier Voter coming in, made the Votes eqtal; and that Dtmdjoti was elected upon the Mayor’® oafting Vote: but being asked. Whether the Name® of the Voters, upon every Election of a Burgess, were.not entered in the Corpo ration-book, he sonfelfod. They were: Cpon Which Mr. Mildmay'sCounfol infilled. That the Book, or a Copjf of that Entry, ought to he produoed:

This Witaefs, being farther ittamined, laid, That, since the EleClron, be has'baked and delivered 130 Begs of Bread for Mr. Heath, Aiys too; which is 1 Jh. per too less than the Packets pay j bat never baked-rtf for him before.

Maddism Hunt being called tad, That, at the time of this Election to Parliament* Dean was on beard fc Hulk at Chatham, where he has an Employment in that Hulk; bat be had then a House, and a Wife and Children, ftt Harwich:

That the Capital Burgesses, are to be sworn at the General Court, before the Mayor, Aldermen, and Btr-geffes; but Davidson was sworn at the Weekly Court, before the Mayor and Steward only.

The Charter directs the Capital Burgesses to be fworfc before the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, or the mqjor Part of them.

Mr. Mildmay'Counfol infilled, That Davidson

Election gave him a Right to poll; and offered to call Witnessos to prove. That the Capital Burgesses have been usually sworn in the same manner.

The Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Carew Harvey Mildmay Esquire is duly erected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex.

The-First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex, is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, or Head boroughs, of the ford Borough, residing within the said Borough.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Refolted, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Carew Harvey -may Esquire is duly eleCled a Burgess to serve in thia present Parliament for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Htinoic/i, in the County of Essex, by taking of T the File the Indenture by which Sir Thomas,

Davall, and Thomas Heath Esquire, are returned.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Southing Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of and for the Borough of Brackley, in the County of j

be received upon this Day Sevennight.

The other Orders of the Day being read; Ltoiithco*

Ordered, That the Hearing of the Matter of the Peti-turn* complaining of an undue Election for the County of Linlithgow, be adjourned until Thursday Morning next, at Twelve of the Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectual prevent Exporting the Running of Wool, be read a Second time To--morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Sup#-the whole House, who were to consider further of the.

Supply granted to her Majesty, be received To-morrow-Morning.

Thomas Glascock, Town Clerk of Colchejlet, in the Priv.fcgi-County of 'Essex, in Costody of the Seijeent at Arms aPrrt.m attending this House, was, according to Order, brought to j&a Jfrrt WheraJu) opm* bit Knees received a

Reprimand

Clothing of

Disbanded

Regiments.

Army

Arrean.

3 Ann. £° — 7* . 545

Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and Was discharged, paying Ms Fee*

And thCto'fhg Hdtoftr atdjobrfred fill Th-ih&roW Morning, Nibfe of the CIBck.

Mefturii, 70;

Anno 13 Anne Regime, 1716.

Praters.

TH £ Route being informed, Thait Mi*. MertylU from Mr. How, Pay matter of her Majesty’s Guards and Garifohs, attended: ..

He W4s caned hi; and, at the Bar, prej^nied to tpe House An Account of the Sums Wanting to satisfy the Clothing of the Regiments disbanded, and men re* duced upon the Establishment of Guards, Garisons, Ac. more than their Off-reckonings, tq the respective Days of Disbanding and Reducement, will Satisfy: And also,

A State of the Arrear of Subsistence, Offreckonings, and Clearings, due to the forces upon the Establishment of her Majesty’s Guards, Garrisons, Ac. to the 24th of December 1713.

And then be withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Acfcoiint and State were read.

The said Account and State are ah follows;

Air ACGOUNTof the Sams which will be wanting fc pay the ASBgiflpentS for Clothing, duly certified,. for the several Regiments disbanded, and the Men reduced out of the Regiments Upon the Efta-bljlhfhCnt of her Majesty's Gdards, G anions, &c. tnorethan- their Offip2dkbniftgS, to the respective Days of Disbanding and Reducement, will Satisfy;

Marquis of Montand Regiment

disbanded ....

Bi# Charles Hbihdm's, Dfttd -

Colonel Kate’s, Ditto - -

Lieutenant General Carpdnttr'i reduced Meh - .

Major General EDittd -

Lieutenant General ticklin's, Ditto Colonel Kerr's, Ditto First Regiment of Guards, Ditto Ctddstrcafn Regiment of Guards, Ditto - _ -

Lieutenant General Seymour's Regiment, Ditto *. - . s: , -

Colonel Airk’s Regiment, Ditto Coloflel Alexander's Rbgirttent, Ditto Colonel Handafy&s Regiment, Ditto Independent Company at Edinburgh Callle, Dittd -

Independent Company at Stirling Callle, Ditto - -

IndefjehdCnf Compatay all DunbaHoh Callle, Ditto - - - 1

Colonel Mackenzie's Company, Ditto

Pay Office, 7th April 1714.

£ s. d.

1,105 18 4t

827 0 11t

83a 5 4t

671 2 7

671 2 7

99° 8 0

622 l8 9

3>38i »9 Ax

1,006 4 7*

208 2 6

280 5 8*

744 15 34*

140 4 3*

200 17 84-

164 10 6*

9* 4 5

44 1 34

11,984.. 4--ft y - 2 Ai

J. Howe.

VOL. 17.

A STATE

A STATE of the Arrears of Subsistence, Off-reckonings, and Clearings, due to the Forces upon the Establishment of her Majesty’s Guards, Garifens 8Cc.

to the 24th of December 1713.

Horse

D

eg'

N

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

0

?T

Dragoons -

Foot - -

*1

C

o

First Troop of Guards -Second Troop of Guards Third Troop of Guards Fourth Troop of Guards - '

First Troop of Grenadier Guards Second Troop of Grenadier Guards Royal Regiment of Horse Guards General Lumley's Regiment -

y^Lord Windsor's -" Earl of Hyndford?s -

Lieutenant General Carpenter’s Lieutenant General -

Earl of Strafford's Sir Richard Temple's -Colonel Kerr's Earl of Stair's -Fi ill Regiment of Guards Second Regiment of Guards -Third Regiment of Guards Colonel Kirk's -Lieutenant General Seymour's Major General Wightman's Brigadier Breton's -

Lieutenant General Mordaunl's Colonel Handafyd's -Colonel Alexander's -Brigadier Windsor's -Marquis of Montandre's Sir Cha. Hotlianis-

Major General Hill's -Colonel Disney's- -

Colonel Cane's -Company at Edinburgh Company at Stirling -Company at Dunbarton ^Company at Blackness -

SubfiAetace.

OfT-rtckoniDgs. Clearings. v TOTAL.

2,589 8 10 2,864 — . 1 5,453 8 11

2,589 8 10 2,864 — 1 5,453 8 11

2,589 8 10 2,864 — 1 5,453 8 11

2,589 8 10 2,864 — 1 5,453 8 11

939 15 10 1,878 9 6 2,818 5 4

939 15 10 1,878 9 6 2,818 5 4

2,826 18 64 4,789 6 3 7,616 4 9*

857 16 4 1,618 10 4 2,476 6 8

571 17 6 1,113 5 2 1,685 2 8

1,075 9 i4 i,075 9 1 i

1,263 11 4 3,353 i, — ' 3,616 12 4

1,263 11 4 2,353 1 *- 3,616 12 4

1,644 6 9 4,796 18 9 6,441 5 6

707 4 6 1,241 13 2 1,948 17 'A

711 9 10 936 16 10 1,648 6 8

734 8 6 1,139 6 2 1,873 14 8

5,834 — 5 9,000 17 ;’7 14,834 18 —

2,928 5 3 4,892 11 T 7,820 16 4

3*766 11 — 6,606 3 to 10,372 14 10

1,534 9 5,490 18 14 7,025 7 8

1,357 .13 11 i 2,738 16 10 4,096 10 9

1,357 13 11 2,668 12 10 4,026 6 9

1,357 13 11 2,668 12 10 4,026 6 9

961 11 5 1,337 17 6 2,299 8 11

2,294 18 — 1,363 13 9 3.658 11 9 i

2,870 17 14 4,773 15 6 7,644 12 7 F

2gi — 3 1,043 8 114 1,334 9 2

914 8 11 4 914 8 11 J

1,141 5 94 1,141 5 9l

1,060 6 7 1,168 3 9 2,228 10 4

1,060 6 7 914 12 1 1,974 18 8

991 1 — 960 8 2 i,9r>i 9 2

300 12 1 T 598 3 7 898 15 i

277 .8 6 429 3 10 706 12 4

141 6 3 252 17 6 394 3 9

107 9 -84 137 6 3 244 15

544 7# Jprilis-

<1

fc-

D

eg'

i — H

N'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

?r

Foot

General Officers Garisons - -

Contingencies

( Companies'at New-York -Company at Bermudas —

Colonel Campbell's Independent Company -Colonel Grant's Company Company at Placentia - Company at Annapolis - -

For the Pay of the General and Staff Officers

- For the Pay of the several Garisons in South Britain

- For Contingencies' -

Total.

I-

Subsistence. Off-reckonings* t Clearings. total.

1,043 6 — 1,22910 9 2,272 16 9

267 11 7^ 33* 12 8| 599 4 3*

109 11 — 220 — 329 II —

66 — 4 101 6 8 167 7 —

876 8 10 304 18 I 1,181 6 ii

2,193 19 6 876 8 10 464 2 IO 3,534 11 2

2,553 19 8 - ... 2>553 19 8*

3,888 17 10 - - 3,888 17 10

3,846 10 1 - - 3,846 10 .14.

12,483 7 2 54>55i 3 7t 88,383 16 10 i I55»4i8 7 74.

Memorandum: There is an Arrear of Pay due to the Battalion of the Third Regiment of Guards, from the 2 3d of December 1710 to December 1712; which cannot at prefect be adjusted; by reason the said Battalion being taken Prisoners at the Battle of ,in Spain, there is yet no regular Mulier-rolls returned.

When the Sums voted by Parliament, for the Service of Guards, Garisons, Sc. to the 24th of December 1713, are made good, there will be sufficient to satisfy the Arrears of Subsistence, Off-reckonings, and Clearings, contained in this Account.

Howe.

Pay Office, 7th April 1714.

Land Tax.

Land Tax Receive! s.

Ordered, That the said Account and State do lie upon the Table, to be Mr. Gwyn presented to the House, by her Majesty’s Command, pursuant to perused by the Members of the House. their Address for that Purpose, a State of all the Troops, as they flood in 1711,

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of what Money hath been COn?P present in 1714:

paid in upon the Land Tax for the Year 1713; and what Sums remain in Arrear T thereof was read,

for formeV Years. The find State is as follows j

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House who are the Sureties of such Receivers who have any Arrears in their Hands from former Years.

State of Troops.

cn

<-n

13 Ann. 7

CJTI

A S TAT E of all the Troops, as well British as Foreigners, that were in her Majesty’s Pay in the several Parts of the Service, in the Year 1711, compared with the present State of what Qv aie now subsisting j and flieWing the times of Redaction, and disbanding the Subject Forces, and dismissing the Foreigners from her Majesty’s Service.

D

(n

1 — h

n'

CD

Cl

Cr

o

o

o

FT

FORCES,

1 they Hood upon the EstablishmeiitS in the Year 1711.

On the Flanders Establishment. Subject Troops.

Horse.

Numbers.

Numbers di (charged in the Year 1712.

Lumley - - 598 -

Windfor - - 400 - -

Kellum - - 4O0 -

Buckwell - - 400

Sibourg - " 400 2,198 * -

Dragoons. Stair's

- 662 - m m

Ross - " 662 1,324 -

Foot.

Royal Regiment 1,876 - m

Hartford's 93^ - -

Hamilton's 938 m

HiU 876 m

Disney 376 -

Forfar - 938 —

Webb - 93$ -

North and Grey 938 -

Stern 938 - m

Orrery - 938 - -

Sutton 93» m m "

Sabine - 938 m' i

Primrose 938 m

Preston - 938 mm rnm

Corbett - 938 mm m m

Chudleigh 876 mt mm m

Evans 867 . m

Pocock - 876 m mm

Newton - 938 m M 8,441 - -

21,963

Tildes w*bdn# Remained on* Foot in the Year 1711* Numbers difehfeeged id the Year 1713*.

589 dm m 261 -

- - 400 - 174 - -

- . 400 - 40b -

m - - 4«o - 400 -

- - - ( . 400 m 400 - -

r 2,1 g& — 1,635

m 66 2 . - 299 - -

662 - 662 - -

— 1.324 . 961

1,876 538 - -

938 - - ' 269 - -

mt 938 - . 269- - -

876 - 207 -

876 * m 207 -

938 - 325 - -

938 - - ' 325" - -

938 - - 325- - -

938 - 325 - -

938 - 325" - -

938 - - 325- - -

938 - - gsS’ - -

938 938 - -

938 - 938 - -

938 - 938 - -

876 - 876 - -

867 - 867 - -

876 - 876 - -

- 938 - 938 - -

18,441 10,749

21,963 13.345

Times when.

Remained on Foot from 24th July 1713, and are now subsisting.

- 24 June 1713.

|.24i 17*3, trans.

ferred to Ireland.

- 24 June 1713.

THfaii sfemAvsIretond: -

24 June »7>3*

24 June 17 j 3.

124 June 1713, transferred to Ireland, being first reduced to that Establishment.

|27th 'l

28 \August 1713.

►29 )

.337 -

226 -

563.I

Other Observations.

363

926.

s

J.338

669

669

G60

669

4l Dunkirk 4,014

613

6V3-

613

613

6*3-

613

In Flanders 3> 678

7,692

Ih May. 1713 a Disposition was made, and Orders issued accordingly, for reducing the: Subject Troops in Flanders to 12 Regiments of Foot, to be continued at DunkirJc, Ghent, Newport, apd Bruges: The rest, Three Re-Igiments of Horse and Dragoons, ,ma&ng-926 Men, were brought upon the Establishmentof Guards and Garifonp, from 24 1713;

/Three Regiments of Horse, One of Dragoons, and Five of Foot, were transferred to the Irish Efta-jbliflwnept; Three other Regiments of Foot were brought home, and disbanded; by which means, and reducing the Numbers of the 12 which were kept up in Flanders, the Bri Forces on that Establishment, amounting to 21,963 Men, before the said 24th June 1713, were brought down to 7,692 Men from that time.

"HZ.t p -nifudy, L

D

(Q

r — H

n'

CD

CL

CT

O

o

eg

FT

Danes - 6,520 m

<5 Prussians - - 2,532 -

to Hefjians - 3,080 -

' Hanover and Cell - 10,000 -

r* Hejfte CaJJell - 885 -

Palatine - 1,300 -

Saxons 2,319 -

Bothmar m 400 -

Additional Palatine - 2,000 -

Additional Prussians - 6,205

Additional Saxons - 3.553 -

Treves - 701 -

lAotePrussiansftor whom' )

only Bread, tfc. was >6,eoo -

allowed - 1

45,495

Saxe Gotha - - - 1,30

Holfteiners - - 1,441 -

Leige Dragoons - m 581 -

2,022

Total - 70,780

On the Portugal Establishment.

Dragoons.

Magny Saiiand Carroll D'AJa -jFoiJJac -D(/borde dually -Bouchetiere -Withers

Foot. Stamoix Fielding Tyrell -Francks Vezey -o Jones -jo Windress

Numbers.

323 - 323

323 - 323

3?3 - 323

323 - 323

323 - 323

323 - 323

323 - 323

589 589

323 - 332

1 " 3»*73

725 - 725

725 725

725 725

834 - 834

876 - 876

725 - -

938 - 938

45»495

45,495

3»>73

rV W »7i2.

2 2d December 1711.

23d August 1712.

26)

27\August 1712.

29)

7 th September 171-2.

Mil}

> August 1712.

8 )

26th August 1712. -24th August 1712.

On the -A July 1712 all these Troops withdrew themselves from ’the British Army, and morphed with Prince Eugens.

1,300

1,300

2,022 - - 2,022 - -

----- 3>32* ~ — 3»322

3d April 1713.

31st December 1713.-

In regard to the good Behaviour of these Troops

during the whole Course of the War; their Adherence to the Queen’s Service at the End of the "'N lift Campaign, when others abandoned the same; and for the Zeal and Fidelity they shewed on Oc-cafiun of the late Mutinies at Ghent and Bruges; her Majesty was pleased, by her Order in Council, to direct their being paid up to 51 December, 1713; when the Holjleiners were dismissed, and . the Dragoons disbanded.

25,285

16,667

7*5 - - 725 - - - 11

Reduced, and transferred to the Irish Establishment.

7*692

01

In 1712, all the Dragoons, and Part of the Foot, belonging to this Service, were disbanded, or-trans- K ferred to the Irish Establishment,

and the «ft ordered to tGibralt;

'’where, in August 1713, that Garison was formed to consist of 1,500 Men, and all the Supernumeraries ordered to be brought home.

13 Ann. 70 Aprilis.

g

cq"

I — h"

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

eg.

rT

FORCES, ds they flood upon the Establishments in the Year 1711.

Grant - m - 735 - 725 -

Clayton - m - 876 - I 1 VO N CO

6,424

Kane J - m 876 m mt -

Irigh - - 876 - -

Wynne - - 876 - -

Pearce - - - 725 - -

Bartim ore - - 876 - -

Ketc Ion - - 735 - -

— 12,103

9.597

Foreigners. 15.276

Jrortuguezc - m - 13.000 - - 13,000

28,276 22,597

On the Spanish Establishment.

Subject Forces.

Horse.

Bland - a 418 - - 418I

Dragoons. - (

Royal Regiment - 589 - 589 - - (

Pepper - - - 589 - 589 - - J

Stanhope - m 589 - 589 -

Lepell - - - 589 - 589 -

~ 2,356 2,356

Foot

ts>

Harrison Wade Dormer Bowles -Slanc -Gore Price Rook Munden Dalzell -Butler -

845

84.5 84.) 845

7*5

84.5

72.5 725 845 84/

834 -

Numbers discharged in the Year 171a.

845

84.5 845 845 725 845

72.5

72.5 845 845 834

Times wheu.

- In August laAvgtutmd September 1712

In 3/cy 1712.

23d December 1711

1712. } 1712. j

5th August 1712

2 December

23d December 1711.'

4th 4th

5th 5th 6th 6th.

25 September 1712

August 1712.

Remained on Foot in the Year 171a.

Numbers discharged in the Year 1713.

Times when*

Remained on Foot from 04 June 1713 and are now subfiling.

{The Non-Commission Officers and Soldiers difhanded, and £the Commission Officers transferred to Ireland. - - J

876 - - - 876 -

876 - - - 876 -

876 - - - 876 -

725 - - - 225 - - O

876 - - - 376 - - ->

725 - - - 225 - - 0

5,679 — 4,179

11th} -

18 YJune 1713. - -21,) -

- - 17 August 1713.

500 500 500

At Gibraltar 1 >500

J

Other Observations.

oo

CThefe Troops having been maintained on Account of the Subsidy of £. 150,000 a Year, payable to the King (of Portugal, ihe Parliament, for the Year 1712, voted only the Sum 70,000 thereof.

Transferred to the Irish Establishment; but the Royal Regiment of J Dragoons returned upon the English Establishment again, from 24 August j following, in the Room of the Earl of s Regiment, sent to

\ Ireland.

Transferred to the Irish Establishment.

Di (banded at Gibraltar.

In the Beginning of the Year 1712, towards eating this Establish-ment, 1 Regiment of Horse, 2 of Dragoons, and of Foot, were transferred to the Irish Establishment and 1 Regiment of Dragoons, and 3 of Foot more, were difhanded; in all, 11 Regiments; which had been taken Prisoners at Briheuga 3Regiments of Foot more, which had been reduced in Spain, were also difhanded: The Latter-end of the said Year 1 Regiment of Dragoons, remaining in Spain, was difhanded; and all the

7" Apr ills. A. 1714.

dragoons

o

cq'

— h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

<2

o

Rich - - 834

Mark Kerr - 845

Dubourgay - - 845

lid. Stanhope - 845

JVm. Stanhope - 845

Farrington - - 876

Elliot - - 834

Molesworth - - 834

Royal Fufileers - - 845

Phillips - 876

Whctham - 845

S(in hie - 725

----- --18,973

----- --21,747

Foreigners.

Germans and Italians - 118,020

King of Spain's own Troops 6,360 Portuguese, beyo\\d the 13,000) g Men kept up in Portugal y’ /y

.50,006

In Italy.

Savoyards - 15,000,

Prussians,\ds of - - -8,000

He/fians, 2 Regiments of Horse 720

23,720

On the Establishment of Guards and Garisons.

Horse. Numbers.

4 Troops of Guards - 724 - -

2 Troops of Grenadiers 353 - -

Royal Regiment - - 598 - -

—— 1,675

8.34 845 845 14 November 1712. -

845 845 13.’38 J

876 r: 876 . 22d February 1744.

- - 834 - j 834 -: 834 834: I 10th August 1713.

_ m w 845 j 220 - 1 1 r - - 625

m m - - 87* 2.51 r 1 . iotb August 1713. 625

_ _ - 845 220 - J 625

- - r 725 100 - 17th August 1713. 625

1 oc C-O Qi 3-335 At Minorca 2,500

- 15.912

- 18,020 I25th March 1712. To

6,360 'for the rest of the Year.

- 3.879 I . ift 1712

- *5,oooo-

-8,-oqo ' 720 -

3d jprtfJ7i2.

T*T October 1712 15 April 1712.

23,720

77

77

25 October 1712.

To which time the King of Sicily is paid his Subsidy, (in Consideration whereof he wa? to keep these 15,000 M^n, for the Service of the War in Piedmont-, but he demands Payment thereof to 3d July 1713.

To which timet|he K. of Prussia is paid his Subsidy, on l\er Majesty’s Account; but he demands Payment thereof to the 1712,

with a Quarter more, for their Return H9me.

To jvJiich time the Subsidy for the £nd Troops is paid.

724

'353

535

1,612.

ij8o

180

24 May 1713.

724

353

341

1,418

rest of the Regiments of Foot, then in Catalonia, where transported to

Minorca; where 5 out of 10 were disbanded, to complete the rest, which were to serve in that Island.

In August 1713 this Garison was reduced to 2,500 Men, in Regi-pients, and the Supernumeraries ordered to be brought home.

in

4*

vo

*3 Ann. 7"

D

eg'

n’

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

FT

FORCES, 1 as they Rood upon the LftabTifoments in the Year 1711. Numbers discharged in the Year 171a.

Dragoons. 1

Carpenter - - 443 - - 1 60 -) A _ I

Echlin 589 80 -1 118 -)

Hyndford - I 1 IN 3- 1 1 I 0

Evans - 443 - - 60 -)

Kerr - - 407 - - 60 -j

2,289 — 785

Foot.

lft Regiment of Guards 2,283 - - 280 -]

ad Regiment 1,143 - " 140

3d Regiment 1,467 - - l60

Kirk - - - 876 - - 151

Seymour - 876 - - 151

Wightman - - 876 - - 151

Breton - 834 - - 109

Handafyde - - 951 - - 226

Alexander - - 834 - - 109

Hotham - - 87^ - 876

Mordaunt - - 834 - - —

Windsor - - 760 - - 760

Montandre - - 809 - - 809

13,419 3,922

17,383 4,77°

PM

3

Timet when.

25 October 1712.

Remained on Foot in the Year 171a.

383

391

2 Troops delivered over to the Royal Regiment of Dragoons

Numbers discharged in the Year 1713.

110

118

Times when. Remained on Foot from 24 June 1712, and are now subsisting. Oi Other Observations. O

24 May 1713. f 273 I 273

546

A

a {Transferred to the Irish Establishment, and the Royal Regiment > ,/,

t4th August 1712. ~[of Dragoons brought over in their room - - - . - j ‘

25 October 1712.

383

347

25 October 1712.

24 August 1712.

25th October 1712.

In Aug. and Sept. 1712 In August 1712.

1,504

2.003

1.003 «,307

725

725

725

725

725

725

834

110 110

620

309

4i7

280

280

280

280

280

280

834

I24 May 1713; and trans-- [ferre t to Ireland from' 448)24th June 1713.

24th May 1713.

— 24th May 1713.

ijul

1,383

694

890

445

445

445

445

4,747

7,074

445

445

Several Reductions were made on this Establishment the Latter end of the Year 1712, and again in May 1713; so that, by transferring some of the Regiments to land, disbanding and reducing of others, this Part of the Service was brought down from 17,383 Men to 8,000, from 24 June 1713; besides the 2 Regiments making 890 Men in the West Indies.

In the West Indies 890

In July and August 1713. cThe Non-commission Officers and Soldiers diffianded, and the Commis-ffion Officers transferred to Ireland

-9,497

12,613

3,860

4,488

Brought over Horse and Dragoons iu Flanders - 926

Total for Britain - 8,000

t

g

CQ

N

CD

CL

cr

O

O

00

Independent Companies. 4 at New York -1 at Bermudas -l at Newfoundland

3 North Britain 12 Invalids

3 more

4 more

Churchill

Goring

Borr

Holt

Shannon

Wills

Marines.

449 58 93 - III III) 1 1 1 111

207 1,194 336 448 91 - - 25th October 1712. - m mm mm m m m

2,785 - 9l

1 1

1 1 1

>1 - 8,166

449

58

364

182

V94

336

448

3.031

1.361

1.361

1.361

1.361

1.361

1.361

8,166

4 Companies at Placentia Companies at Annapolis Royal

- 498

- 336

- 448

1,282

- 24th June 1713.

- 24th February 17; -J-.

- 24U1 Apr 1713.

449

58

364

364

182

696

2,113

These were formed the 24th Apriliji$. These the 24th of 1712.

1.361

1.361

1.361

1.361

1.361

1.361

CReduced to thes , — / Irish Numbers, and

25th Mar. 1713- \ transferred to that

In September!

In 08ober

- - 7In December and Ja-l

- - Snuary 174*. J

8,166

Establishment.

Memorandum: About 250 of these (are dill remaining in Ships abroad.

Francis Gioyn.

abstract.

r Troops on Foot in 1711-

Subjects. Foreigners. Total.

In Flanders ----- -- In Portugal - In Spain - In Italy - - - In Britain, and the Plantations, Sc. ... Besides Independent Companies) and Invalids -,) Marines ----- --- - 21,963 - 15,276 - 17,383 - 2,785 - 48,817 - 13,000 - 28,259 - 70,780 - 28,276 - 50,006 - 23J20 - 17,383 - 2,785 - 8,l66

| 87,320 113,726 201,116

NUMBERS discharged since. REMAINING in 1714.

- - 63,088 - - 7,692 In Dunkirk and Flanders.

- - 26,776 - - 1,500 At Gibraltar.

- - 47,506 - - 2,500 At Minorca.

- - 23.720 ——

- - 9,369 - - 8,000 In Britain.

(In New York, &c.

- - 1,373 - - 47(In the Forts and Garisons in England.

- - 8,166 Except about 250 dill at Sea.

179»998 21,989

tn

sjn

13 Ann. 70 Aprilis.

552 7° Apfitif. A. 1714.

Ordered, That the Paid State do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Hill for the more effectual preventing the Running of Wool, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

A Motion bring made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The lloitfe divided.

The Yeai go forth.

Tellers for tire Yeas, ufpi }116:1'

} So.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole lloul'e.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Seven-night resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of F-JJ'ex.

Mr. Brydges presented to the House, by her Majesty’s Command, pursuant to their Address for that Purpose, An Account of several Charges of her Majesty’s Forces incurred, and Which are not provided for in Mr. Brydges' Otiiee, between the 2 2<1 of December 1712, and the 24th of August 1713:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

An ACCOUNT of several Charges of her Majesty’s Forces, incurred, which are not provided for in Mr.

Brydges' Office, between the 22d of Decem 1712, and the 24th of 1713.

The full Pay of the Regiments of Scluynn, Webb, North, Orrery, Stern, and who

continued in Flanders from the 23d of June 1713, to which Day they were provided for, to the 24th of August following - -

The fidl Pay of the Regiments of Evans, Newton, and from the 24th of June 1713

to the respective Days of their Diffiandment in following -

The ordinary Pay of the Troops of 11oljtein, and the Regiment of Dragoons, from the 23d of June 1713 to the 24th of August following; and for Two Months March-money to

Guilders. S’iv. der<.

the Troops of Holjlein, pursuant to Convention, f 123,078 10. 15. at/. 10. 10 to the Pound The Extraordinaries of the Walloon Regiment of Dragoons, according to the Report of Henry Watkins Esquire, who is appointed by her Majesty to examine all Accounts of this Nature, being all the Pretensions of the said Regi nent, during the time they were employed in her Majesty’s Service ——

The Pay of the late Regiments of Elliott, and M; which were in Garison at Minorca from the 24th of June 1713 to the 10th of August following, at which time they were declared to be disbanded ——

For the Pay of the Commissioned Officers, and their Servants, of Colonel s late Regiment, from the 22d of December 1712, to the nth of January following, at which time they were ddbanded - -- 289 19 6

For the Pay of the late Regiment of Foot commanded by Lieutenant General Farrington, from the 23d of December 1712, to the 22d of February following at which time they were reduced - -- -- - 2,635 -

The Pay of the Officers of Lieutenant General Farrington's late Regiment, from the 23d of February 174-r» when they were reduced at Gibraltar, and ordered to return home, to the 24th of August following ——

The subsistence of several supernumerary Soldiers, in Garison at Minorca between the 22d December 1712 and the 24th of August 1713, over and above the Provision made for them by Parliament ——

The Subsistence of several supernumerary Soldiers at Gibraltar, between the 22d December 1712 and 24th of August 1713, over and above the Provision made for them by Parliament Her Majesty’s Royal Bounty for Subsistence and Sword-money to the Non-commissioned Officers, and Soldiers, at their Discharging, by Estimation ——

For the extraordinary Charge of dry Forage, furnished 16 Squadrons of Dragoons, in their Winter-quarters at Bruges 17; p, over and above what is paid by the Troops, pursuant to Contract, and his Grace the Duke of Ormond's Warrant ——

/. r. d.

11,969 2 0

6,617 2 0 —

11,721 17 8

4>4S7 8 8 4,283 17 4

2,924 19 6

2,633 *3 6

3,233 13 3 1,894 5 — 10,214 14 4

6,137 14 —

/. 66,118 15 3

Memorandum: The following Services, not having been provided for by Parliament, are now humbly laid before the House;

For the Pay of the Earl of Portmore, as Governor and Commander in Chief of her Majesty's Forces lately in Portugal, and that of his Aids de Camp, from the 23d of June 1712 to the 2 2d of October following the time of his Arrival in Great Britain from that Command, pursuant

toiler Majesty’s Warrant - -- - 1,403 ——

And for the Evpence of a Voyage, which he made, by her Majesty’s Command from Lijbonto Gibraltar, in order to settle that Garison - 1,000 — — 2,403 —

For the Pay of the Commissioned Officers of Eight Companies of Invalids, which were intended to be formed out of the Invalids belonging to Chelfca Hospital ----- 2,951 17 gi

----- - ~ 1

/ 71 >473 12 11I

J. Brydges.

A LIST

Hamick

Return

amended.

RegimenU! Charges ik provided lor.

13 Ann

7* Aprilis

553

A LIST of several Bills of Exchange, drawn by William Chetivynd Esquire, her Majesty’s late Resident at Genoa, on the late Paymaster General of her Majesty’s Forces, being the Cost of a large Quantity of Corn, which he contrafted for, for the Service of Spain pursuant to Directions he received from the Treasury; viz.

Dates of the Bills. To whom payable. At what Times payable. When due. Rates of Exchange? Sterling Monty payable.

«£. $. d

»7">

June 16th - - m Messieurs Bouer and Teffier - 3 Months after Date 1711, September 8 th 59 Id. per P‘i 1,432 16 —

- ditto - - - - ditto - - - ditto - - ditto - 1,300

- ditto - - - - ditto - - - ditto - _ - ditto - 1,400

- ditto - - - - ditto - - - ditto - . - ditto - i,*86 14 —

Mr. Bouer - ditto - - - ditto - - . ditto - 1,626 15 —

- ditto . - - - ditto - . - ditto - - ditto - 1,700

- ditto - - - - ditto - - - ditto - _ - ditto - 2,200 — —

- ditto - - - - ditto - - ditto, Sep. 23d - - ditto - 1,050

July 1 ft - - _ ditto _ _ - _ ditto - - ditto - - ditto - 1,870

Mr. Tejjier - ditto - - - ditto - - - ditto - 1,057

August 17th - . Messieurs Boiffiers and Company - - ditto - November 9th - . - ditto - 9.54 8 —

- ditto - - - - ditto - - - - ditto - - - ditto - 1,200

- ditto . - - - ditto - - - - ditto - - - ditto - 1,100 — —

ditto - - - ditto - . - ditto - - ditto - 1,000 — —

- ditto - - - - ditto - - - ditto - - - ditto - 1,290 3 —

Jaly 26th - - - Messieurs Andre, and Company - - ditto - - October 18 th - - - ditto - 694 2 —

August 17th - - ditto - - - - ditto - - November 9th - - - ditto - 1,238 6 —

- ditto _ _ - - ditto - - - ditto - - ditto - 1,000

- ditto - - - - ditto - - - ditto - - - ditto - 1,100

July 26th - - - Messieurs Bouer, Tejjier, and 7 Company - - - -,) - - ditto - - October 18th - - - ditto - 867 12 7

August 17th - - ditto - . ditto - November 9th - _ - ditto - 4,172 17 8

Mr. John Tejjier - - - - ditto - - - ditto - - - ditto - 954 8 —

ditto - - - - ditto - - - ditto - _ - ditto - 1,200 — —

- ditto - - ditto - - - ditto - - ditto - 1,100

- ditto - - - - ditto - - - ditto - _ - ditto - 1,050

- ditto - - - - ditto - - - ditto - - - ditto - 1,240 3 —

September ift - - Messieurs Boijjier, and Company - - ditto - - ditto 24 th - - ditto - 820 10 —

October 10th - - - ditto , - - - ditto - - 1754, January 2d - ditto - 1,455 17 —

September ill - - Messieurs Bouer and Tejfier - - - ditto - - November 24th - - ditto - 829 3 —

Hot ember 29 th . Carlo Durando _ _ - - ditto - 1 7 It, February 20th - ditto - 1,000 — —

- ditto . - - - ditto - - - ditto - - - ditto - 9°o

- ditto - . - - ditto - - - ditto - . ditto - 900 — - —

John Baptist Falio - - - ditto - - - ditto - - - ditto - 800

- ditto - - - ditto - - - ditto - _ . ditto - 1,150

ditto - - - - ditto - - - ditto - - - ditto - 1,050

December 29th - GuilleaumeBoiJJier, and Company - - ditto - - March 23d - - ditto - 1,200

- ditto - - - - ditto - - - - ditto - - - ditto - 1,300

Bouer, Tejjier, and Company - - - ditto - - - ditto - - - ditto - 2,500

ditto - - - - ditto - - - ditto - - - ditto - 5,000

*712>

January 15th - - Pierre Doirenne - - - ditto - - April 9 th - - - ditto 1,426 6 6

1711, September 13th - Messieurs Bouer and Tejjier - 4 Months after Date 17H, January 2 2° 60 d.per. pi f 1,800 1 —

December 5th _ Mr. Natte - _ «. 3 Months after Date February 27th - - - ditto - 2,000 — —

Mr. Legat'd - ditto 678 4 5

£. 60,095 6 2

J. Bridg

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Consideration of the select Committee, to whom the several Estimates and Accounts, relating to the Supply granted to her Majesty, are referred.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House. by her Majesty’s Command, pursuant to their Address for that Purpose, an Account of the Produce of the Duties upon French Goods imported into London, and the Out-

ports, for Two Years ending at Christmas 1713: And Unappropri-also, ated Monies,

An Account of unappropriated Monies paid into the Exchequer from Michaelmas 1710 to the 2d of

1714:

And the Titles thereof were read.

The said Accounts are as follow; viz.

Vo l. 17.

7B

Ak

Ah ACCOUNT of the Produce of the Customs, and other Duties upon French Goods and Merchandizes imported into the Port of London, and Out-ports, for Two Years,

ended at Christmas 1713;

D

CCf

1 — H

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

eg.

?r

1712. *713- TOTAL.

London. Out* ports. London. Out-ports.

£. s- d. £ s- d. £ d. £ t. d. £. s. d.

Customs - - m - - m - i>945 IO 813 18 ai 11,226 1 4 i 3,80S 2 8 i 17*793 3 2

New Subsidy - 1,272 9 6 422 16 2i 7,424 18 I I 2,072 6 8 i 11,192 10

-'r Subsidy - - 424 2 11 140 18 8i 2,474 18 9l 690 !5 7 3*73° 16 1

t Subsidy - - - 848 6 7 281 17 5 4,942 11 1,354 11 1 i 7,427 6 2

Import, on Wines ft - - - 1.795 3 5 984 i5 9 io,699 3 5i 4,383 14 — 17,862 16 81

Additional Impositions, 1693 - - - - ft - 2,065 10 5 i>°55 *9 9 13,964 5 5 5»700 14 i 22,786 9 9i

2d 25 perCent. and per Tun ft - - - 7.058 4 3 3,897 12 3 i 47,542 *3 8* 19*119 6 8 77,647 16 Hi

New Duty on Coffee, - - - 2 — A 2 —

Further Duty on Coffee, Sic. - - - - 1 19 11 ft 1 19 11

New Duty on Hides, Skins, lie. - - - - 3°3 14 II 1 1 t 8 304 16 U

Further Duty on Hides, Skins, He. - - - - 167 13 1 1 10 10 »68 4 9

New Duty on Soap, Paper, He. - - «» - 428 n 2 *9 1 Si 447 12 10 k

Coinage-duty - ► - 137 l6 7 VO 00 10 4 934 2 9* 378 12 8 i 1,508 18 5 i

Excise - m A ft " - 6,693 3 8 i 13,163 3 5 i9,856 7 1 i

I I5,54<5 14 6 7,656 4 10 -; 106,804 — 4 50,722 1 31 f 180,729 1 JL l

<1

o

A

N.

This Account is exclusive of the Duties on French Goods brought in as Prize j an Account of which, if required, cannot be rendered in lets than a Fortnight.

R.

Robert Paul, per Comptroller General.

7 th April 1714.

In Obedience to her Majesty’s Command to me, signified by the Right honourable William Bromley Esquire, One of her Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, upon an Address of this honourable House; the above-written Account of the Produce of the Customs, and other Duties upon French Goods and Merchandizes imported into the Port of London and the Out-ports, for the Two Years ended at Christmas 1713, except the Duties of Prize Goods, is prepared, and humbly presented, by me, ’

Lowndes. vj

WS

g

(a

f — H

N'

CD

a

cr

o

o

o

CW

o"

<1

c

Ah ACCOUNT of all Surplusage or unappropriated Monies paid into the Exchequer between Michaelmas 17x0 and the id of 1714; and to what Uses the fame, as also the

Remains of such Monies which was in the Exchequer at Michaelmas 1710, have been issued and applied, viz.

H

rt

To Cash remaining in the Exchequer of unappropriated Rev

( 5lA per Piece white Cloth - -

qj.1 Kent of Hackney Coaches -

J Balance of Sir Edward Seymour's Navy Account (,4th 4/7/. Aid ——

To Cash for the Produce of unappropriated Revenues at the Receipt of Exchequer, between Michaelmas 1710 and the 2d of April 1714; viz.

Of Prize Duties from the Plantations -

5 s.per Piece white Cloth, to 8th March 1710 -Rent of Hackney Coaches -

£. 25 per Cent. French Goods, paid into the Exchequer under that Denomination -Plantation Duties -

£.25 per Cent. French Wines imported, paid in under that Denomination -

Salvage Money ——

Brewers Forfeitures -

Arrears of Duties on Leather, Anno 1697 -Arrears of the Duties on Glass-wares -Arrears of Tonage and Poundage -Imprest Money repaid per Mr. Hall, on his Account of Pro Tallies on the Excise discharged - -

Ditto, per Trustees for Exchequer Bills ... Ditto, per Thomas Kennedy, Esquire - Ditto, per Thomas Micklethwaite, Esquire - Ditto, per Paul Methuen, Esquire, Executor of John Methuen - -

Ditto, per Executors of Walter , Esquire

Free Gift towards discharging publick Debts Additional Tonage Arrears tjh.per Ton French Ships -Duty on Foreign Sail-cloth -Money levied on Mr, Majon's Estate -Additional xnd. Aid -

First i.r /h.Aid - -

First mjh. Aid ’ -

First Quarterly Poll -Second Quarterly Poll -

£ s. d.

10 7 6

806 17 5*

i,39° — if

1 10

3,942 31

168 10 —

5,652 4 I*

2,476 12 5

6,35° 7 — t

85,588 10 11

1,917 19 10

406 1 2*

21 16 5 i

838 11 4

782 16 6

205 3 1

138 14 2

589 7 6

30,000 — —

2,319 4,576 7 11

11 2i

10 — - —

344 16 6

284 13 8

1,102 5 11

59° 9 —

2 14 —

— 6 9

13 2 —

10 11 —

8 6 —

£ s. d.

Per Contra. Cr.

By Sums directed to be issued out of Surplusage or unappropriated Monies, per,

for the Services following; viz.

’s

IS £ s. d.

- 27,503 6 if

- 20,000 — ,

- 4,576 11 2f

To Robert Walpole, Esquire, late Treasurer of her Majesty’s Navy, upon Account, for the Service thereof -To Charles Ccefar, Esquire, Treasurer of her Majesty’s Navy, towards Interest and Allowance due, at Christmas 1713. to the South Sea Company -

To Ditto, for the new Course of the Navy To Ditto, towards disbanding the Marines -

To Charles Eversjeild, Esquire, Treasurer and Paymaster of the Office of Ordnance, upon Account, for the Service thereof -To John How, Esqtiire, Paymaster of the Guards, Garisons, and other her Majesty’s Land Forces, upon Account, for the Service thereof To James Brydges, Esquire, late Paymaster General of her Majesty’s Forces, upon Account, for the Service thereof ——

To Thomas Moor, Esquire, Paymaster of the Forces abroad, upon Account, for the Service of the Forces in the Low Countries -To Interest of Loans on 4th General Mortgage, Anno 1708, at £.vi per Cent. ——

To Interest of Loans on 5th General Mortgage, Anno 1709, at £.vi per Cent. -

To £.40,000 per Annum, in Annuities purchased 1708 -To £.80,000 per Annum, in Annuities purchased Anno 1708 -

To the Bank of England, to make good the Deficiency of their annual Sum of £.100,000 in the Year 1712 and 1713 -To Prince Charles of Denmark, on £. 4,000 per Annum, for quitting his Pretensions to the Bishoprick of Eutin, for the Good of the common Cause, in the time of the late War - -

To Lord Archibald Hamilton, for the Charge of his Passage to Jamaica - For Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards, to the Officers, Clerks, and others, that have been employed in the Managing of the Business of the Lottery 1710, several Sums, amounting to ----- -;

£. s. d.

14,257 — 1

4

7 "

52,079 21,267 30,665 19 9f 710 — — 16,960 8,965

3 5

4 9

9,675 ——

*4,45° 5 32,384 16 9}

- I3>654 8 2

11,569 19 41

22Z ——

7,200 ——

Os

13 Ann. 70 Aprilis.

g

(O'

i — H

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

eg.

-FT

Third Quarterly Poll Second i j jhAid -

*ds 41 h 11 j Aid -Firli 111 ]jh.Aid Subsidies, A 1097

Third 111 ]Jh. Aid -Fourth 111 j Aid -5t.l1 mj Jh.Aid, and 5 6 111 j Jh.Aid -

Subsidies, Anno 1703 7th 11 l]Jh.Aid 8th 111 j.///. Aid 9th 11 xjjh.Aid

10 11 ij\Jh. Aid

11 111 J./A. Aid

12 111 ]/h. Aid

13 11 \]Jh. Aid Malt, 1702 Malt, 1703 Malt, 1707 Malt, 1708 Malt, 1709 Malt, 1710 Malt, 1711

Dr.

£ s.

" - 547 12 —

- - - 209 9 5

" " - 4t‘5 14 5i

" " - 307 12 1

- - 6 1 6

- - - 12 4 —

- - - - 177 12 6

Anno 1702 - - 3*3 9 5

- " - 23 16 4*

" - - 373 3 n*

- - 240 2 5

" - " *>334 17 11

- m - 1,544 2 9

- - - - 6,298 l5 6

" - - - 30.393 5 9»

" m - - 26,875 12 10$

m " - - 7,122 13 10*

" " 10 — —

" - - - 26 7 10

- - 412 2 10

" - - 17 6 10*

- - 4,860 — 1

- - 277 17 11

2,413 16 10*

232,69*

s. d. 18 U

£ 234,904 13 2*

Alcmnrandum: The and per Cent, arising in and the Lezvard

Jjlands, is not comprehended in this Account, beeunfe the same is applicable to the Governors Salaries, and other Charges thereupon.

Memorandum also, That Prize Money is directed, by an Act of Parliament, to be issued to Greenwich Ilofpilal.

Memorandum: The Revenue of the Savoy is referred till that Hospital be settled.

Memorandum: The additional Duty on foreign Sail-cloth is chargeable with a Reward to encourage British Sail-cloth} by an Act 120 Anne.

o-

il

Cxi

CXT

0\

Per Contra.

Cr.

By Cadi remaining in the Exchequer, the 2d of April 1714, of Surplusages, or unappropriated Monies j viz.

{£ 25 per Tun French Wines imported -Duty on foreign Sail-cloth -Plantation Duty -

Imprest Money repaid per Thomas Kenedy Esquire Money levied on Mr. Estate -

£ s 839 13 2

£ 234,904 13 2*

In Obedience to her Majesty’s Commands, on art Address of this honourable House, this Account is Hated, and humbly presented, by me.

Wm. Lowndes.

7 th April 1714,

70 Aprilis. 714.

Supply*

Account

(Navy)

ordered.

Motion on the Protestant Succfession.

Committee on KClimates a..dAccounU*

ij Ann.

7® Jprilis.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Consideration of the select Committee, to whom the several Estimates and Accounts, relating to the Supply granted to her Majesty, are referred.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee who were to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding^.498,085. ioj. be granted to her Majesty, to make good, for the Services of the Navy, the like Sum, which, in the Year commencing from Christmas 1713, is to be paid by the Treasurer of

the Navy, by quarterly Payments, to the South Sea Company, pursuant to the Act of Parliament in that behalf.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Number of Men to be allowed for Guards and Garisons in Great Britain, and for Jerfy and Guernsey,

for the Year 1714, be 8,23a Men; Commission and Non-commission Officers, and the Two Independent Companies in North Britain, included.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That the will be pleased to order an Account of the present State and Condition of the Navy to be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by fuel) Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Resolved-, Nemine coritradicente, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation, with regard to the Protestant Succession.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That (he will be pleased to direfit, That the Letter from the Qishop of London to the Baron de Begue Minister of the Duke of Lorrain to the States General, concerning the Removal of the Pretender from the Dominions of the Duke of Lorbe laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Sir Thomas Cro/je reported from the Committee, to whom the several Estimates and Accounts, relating t.o the Supply granted to her Majesty, were referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Deficiencies of the Classis Lottery for the Years 1711 and 1712 5 and the Deficiency of the Fund of £.160,000, for the Company, and others, trading to the Indies-, which Report he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows;, viz.

That the Committee took into Consideration the Account shewing the Deficiency, at 1713,

of the yearly Fund of£. 187,670, granted by Parliament, for Payment of the Classis Lottery in the Year 1711; which Fund is charged upon several Duties hereunder mentioned; the net Produce whereof, between Michaelmas 1712 and -

7/uz.r 1713, is as followeth; £.

Duties on Hides and Skins - - 75,074 18 7

Stamp-duties - 7,943 *5 —

Duty of ys. per Ton on Rock Salt

exported - - - 721 10 10

Duty on Hackney Chairs - - 171 ——

£.700 per Week out of the Poll Office Revenue - - 36,400 ——

55'7

Which said Sum of £,120,311. 4J. 5 being deducted out of the said yearly £. d.

Fund of £.1.87,670; the Deficiency of the said Fund will be - -67,358 15 7

Which said Deficiency is certified by the Auditor of the Flxchequer.

That they also examined into the Account shewing the Deficiency, at Michaelmas 17x3, of the yearly Fund of £.169,003 for the Classis Lottery for the Year 1712 j which yearly Fund is charged upon the Duties following; Additional Duties on Hides and Skins 83,314 13 10 Duties on Wire and Starch - - 16,317 7 8

Duties on Policies of Insurance - 1,824 *4 2

Total £. 101,456 15 8f

Which said Sum of £.101,456. 15#.

8Id. being dedufited out of the said Fund of £.) 69,003, the Deficiencies will be - -.....67,546 4 3$

Which Deficiency is also certified by the Auditor of the Exchequer.

That the Committee also examined into the Account shewing the Deficiency of the yearly Fund of£.160,000 settled by the Afit of Parliament of 9* Willielmi 111'11, for the Company, and others, trading to the East; which yearly Fund is charged upon Duties of 2f. 4 per Buftiei on Salt, and certain additional Duties on Paper, &c. the net Produce whereof is as follows: viz.

In the Quarter to Christmas 1712 - 19,674 17 9I

Lady-Day 1713 - 23,612 19 5!

Midsummer 1713 - 16,222 2 81 Michaelmas 1713 - 57,689 16 8

£ 16 7

It was observed; that there was an

Overplus of the said Fund at M

mas 1712, of - - - - 223 17 —

Which Two last mentioned Sums make ----- - 117,423 13 8

So that the Deficiency of the said Fund, at Michaelmas 1713, amounts to.....42>576 6 4

Which Deficiency is also certified by the Auditor of the Exchequer.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House; who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Account shewing the Deficiency, at Michaelmas 1713, of the yearly Fund of £.160,006 for the Company, and others, trading to the East Indies; the Account of the Deficiency at Michaelmas 1713, of the Classis Lottery for 1711; and the Account of the Deficiency, at Michaelmas 1713, of the Classis Lottery for 1712; be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

The Order of the Day was read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 17.

Total - £. 120,311 4 5

55$ 89 Jprilis. A. 1714.

Jovis,8* die;

Anno 134 Annae Reginas, 1714.

Praters.

FAME'S Eymer, Isaac Martin du

% J Peter Dqjalqueroles, Philip de Anthony Marcell, Peter Scale, Peter Lefargeze, Anthony David Simond, Jo. Marl, Martin Ribera, Abraham

Durand, Gabriel LabanIfaac Duprat, John Gazeau, John Dumas, Paul DelafaDaniel James

Razoux, Henry Delamilliere, Francis John

Dalbos, Charles Bttor, John James

John Gruell, Durant John Durand, and

Bernard Chapny, broken or disbanded Officers in the Army, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Woollen A Petition of the Merchants,' Drapers, and others, Manufacture. Dealers in mixed or medley Broad-cloths, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by an Act of the 10th of the Queen, for Encouragement of the Woollen Manufacture, &c. it was enacted, all mixed or medley Broad-cloth, to be made after the 24th June 1712, shall be measured at the Fulling-mill, by the Mailer, Sc. upon Oath; who is to rivet a Seal, with a Stamp in Figures, of the Length and Breadth of the fame, as a Rule for Payment to each Buyer to accept the fame, with a Penalty of Twenty Shillings for any Refusal: That oftentimes the said Cloths fall short of what is stamped on the Seal; and the Clothiers lying under a Penalty of Twenty Shillings only, is not sufficient to enforce the Observation of the said Law; no Forfeiture being to be paid, unless the Offender be duly convicted, before such Cloth be exposed to Sale: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Allegations of the said Petition; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Withers, Sir Wm. Pole, Mr. Chancellor of the Excliequer, Mr. Bulleel, Sir Robert Davers, Lord HSir Jacob Bankes, Colonel Codrington, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Bertie, Sir Arth. Kay, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Collier, Sir Cha. Farrington, Sir James Bateman, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Clarke, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Foley, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Clarges, Sir John Cajs, Sir Willo. Hickman, Mr. Digby; and all that serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, Gloucester, Wills, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Fi»e a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: Aud have Leave to lit in a Morning, if they think fit.

Tobacco A Petition of the Merchants in trading in

Trade. Tobacco, on behalf of themselves, and the Planters of Virginia and Maryland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Customs of Six Pence and One 3d of a Pcny per Pound, on Tobacco imported and fold, hath of late ruined many Merchants and Planters: That, without further Encouragement to all Importers and Exporters of Tobacco, the Planters in Virginia and Maryland cannot subsist; and the Manufactures and Navigation of this Kingdom will be much lessened; besides which, the Petitioners are appreheu-live, their Bonds for Customs dischargeable by Debentures, will be put in Prosecution before the Time allowed for Exportation expires; as this was a necessary Indulgence, without it this Trade cannot be carried on: And praying Relief forthe Preservation and carrying on that Trade.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bertie, Mr. Smithson, Sic William Pole, Mr. Mo-rice, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. llcyfiam, Mr. Bulled, Sir William Withers, and Mr. Loicndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Merchants of London, trading to, Drawback and from, Virginia and Maryland, was offered to the 011 Tobacco. House, against the Bill for lessening the Drawback on Tobaceo carried to Ireland;

And the Question being put, That the Petition be '

brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition Pow*lT» of John Powell, of London, Merchant, is referred, have £‘&htof Leave to fit in a Morning, if they think fit. Iu e*

Sir James Bateman presented to the House, according Nevis and St to Order, an Account of the Stock admitted, or sub- ChristopheT* feribed, to the Capital Stock of the South Sea Company, ul erer*' for the Use of the Publick; with the Times when the said Stock was admitted, or subscribed; and what Dividends have been made thereupon: And also Reasons why the Sufferers at Nevis and St. could

not be admitted to subscribe their Debentures into the Stock of the said Company:

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Reasons do lie, upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Reasons are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sir William Wyndham reported from the Committee Removal of appointed, the 2d Instant, to translate Two Copies of Plunder French Letters, That they had translated the same from Lorraia' accordingly; and he delivered the Copies, and Tran-fiations, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Translations were read; and are as follow; viz.

The Baron Le Bcgue's Answer to a Letter from the Bishop of London, November 9th, 1713.

My Lord,

I have this Morning received the Letter your Excellence did me the Honour to write to me the 8th Instant; which I will fend Tomorrow to his ltoyal Highness; and, as soon as I know his Intentions, I wilt not fail to acquaint you with them; begging you, my Lord, in the mean time, to remember, that, when the Chevalier de St. George came to reside at Bar, I had Orders to tell you, that his Royal Highness, My Matter, would not have given Refuge to that Prince but upon the pressing I nuances which were made to him by the Court of France; which even engaged his Royal Highness to solicit Passports, as well from the Imperial Court, as also from the States General of the United Provinces, for the Security of the Chevalier: At present, my Lord, I do not know whether those Instances which you mention have been repeated; nor whether my Master is at Liberty to oblige a Prince to go out of his Dominions, who was received there only at the Solicitation of the most Christian King. This is, my Lord, what I submit to your Excellency’s Prudence; to whom I have the Honour to be, with all possible Respect,

My Lord,

Your most humble, and Most obedient Servant,

J. Le Begue.

Copy of a Letter from his Royal Highness of

to the Baron Jje Begue, his Minister at the Hague,

bearing Date the 17th November 1713.

This Morning I received your Letter of the nth Instant, together with that which the Bishop of wrote to you from Utrecht, the 8 th of this Month; and also the Copy of your Answer to him, which I approve of I own I was surprised at the Demand which the Bishop of Bristol makes, from the Queen of Great Britain: And my Intention is, that you should say for Answer to that Minister, That, having nothing more at my Heart than to preserve to myself the Favour and good Graces of the Queen, I will omit no Opportunity 21 to

13 Ann. 8° — 9°

to deserve them: But ns to the Demand which is made me, to oblige the Chevalier to go out of

my Dominions, I could make no other An fiver, but that, will) the Knowledge and Acquiescence of all Europe, he came to relide in my Dominions, in which any body might relide, it being a neutral Country: That even the Emperor had given him a Passport to come and relide there; with this Restriction nevertheless, not . to go out of it; and that I have no other Answer to make; hoping that these Reafous being found good, the Bishop of Bristol will continue his Friendship to me; and, through his good Offices with the Queen, maintain to me the Honour of her Protection, which is all that I moll passionately wish. This is an Answer to yours.

Leopold.

Ordered, That the said Copies and Translations do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

'arnnuth An ingrossed Bill for the building a new Church, or Church. Chapel of Ease, in Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, by a Duty or Imposition on all Cpals, Culm, or Cinders, to be landed there, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; Pr. 5, L. 30. After " the" to insert " said

And the same was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the building a new Church, or Chapel of Ease, in Great Yarmouth, in the County of , by a Duty or Imposition on all Coals, Culm, or Cin-

ders, to be landed there.

Ordered, That Mr. Ferrier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

acation of The House was acquainted that Mr. Anjlis, ope of ,eai by their Members, having, fmce his lafi Attendance here, ctpting jja(j jjg Reversion of the Office of Garter Principal ’ ce* King of Arms of Engli/kmeand Principal Officer of Arms of the most noble Order of the Garter, granted J him, by Letters Patent, under the Great Seal, bearing

; Date the Second Day of this Instant April, after the

Determination of the Letters Patents now in being 3 to Sir Henry St. George;

3 And the Sense of the House being desired, Whether

E by reason of the Act of 4th and 5th Anna Regina, he

is thereby disabled from fitting in this House;

The Patent was thereupon read;

And the House was unanimously satisfied, That, not-! wilhitanding the said Grant of the Reversion, he might

3 continue his Place in this House.

1

Stntf of Refulved, That an humble Address be presented to ignuations. jier ^Jajesty, That (lie will be pleased to order an Account to be laid before this House of the State of the Negotiations of the several Treaties of Peace, between her Majesty and her Allies, and France and Spain; and of the Obliruftions which occurred in carrying on the said Negotiations, airport*. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that Ihe will be pleased to direct an Account to be laid before this House, what Licences, Privy Seals, or Passports, have been granted, since the Year 1638, to Persons outlawed or attainted in Great Britain i or Ireland, or who have borne Arms in the Service of

her Majesty’s, or the late King’s, Enemies; for their i Returning into these Dominions.

1 nicies of Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

: imeiick. her Majesty, that file will be pleased to direct a Copy of the Articles of the Capitulations of Limerick and Galluwy to be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

i Vox.. 17.

A prills. 559

The House proceeded, according to Order, to the Linlithgow hearing the Merits of the Election for the Shire of Election. Linlithgow.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Petition of John Hoicston Esquire, complaining of the said Election, was read; and the Writings produced, as Evidences, both for the Petitioner and Sitting Member, were read.

And the Counsel on both Sides were heard.

And then they withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Sir James Carmichell Baronet had a Right to vote

for a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Linlithgow;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Ycos,f|ir J°lm Er/"^ . {

(Sir Alexander Cumings: J

Tellers for the Noes^7^ } 15*-

So it palfed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were called in again; and Mr; Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And they were further heard.

And then withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That Sir James Carmichell Baronet is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Linlithgow,

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That John Howjton Esquire is duly elefited a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Linlithgow;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j J M9-

Tellers for the Noesj^;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Shire of Linlithgow, by rafing out of the Name of Sir Janies Carmichell Baronet, and inserting the Name of John Hozvston Esquire, instead thereof;

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Drawback into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the Bill onTobacco," for lessening the Drawback on Tobacco carried into Ireland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 9* die Aprilis \

Anno 13* Ann* Reginae, 1714.

Peatehs.

aBRAHAMPinchmat, James Deffire Romegoux,

X. John Francis Duvemet Romegoux, John Rouviere,

Lewis Marcell, Stephen Delfieu, Peter Piaget, Peter Bottys, Arnoldus Tullekens, Henry Vandeck, Laurence Cock, Henry Wefifall, and Cornelius Benson, broken or disbanded Officers, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and, according to Linlithgow Order, amended the Return for the Shire of Linlithgow. Return

amended.

560 9° — 10° Aptilis. A. 1713.

Olliver'i An ingrossed Bill for the Sale of Part of the Estate of Joseph Olliver Gentleman, lying in the County of and City of Exon, for the Payment of his Debts; and for making Provision for the Maintenance and Education of his Daughter; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Sale of Part of the Estate of Joseph Olliver Gentleman, lying in the County of and

City of Exon, for the Payment of his Debts, and for making Provision for the Maintenance and Education of his Daughter.

Ordered, That Mr. Bulteel do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Answer to Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the House, That Addresse*. their several Addresses had been prefen ted to her Majesty, for an Account of the present State and Condition of the Navy; for the Letter from the Bishop of London to the Baron De Begue; for the Negotiations of the several Treaties of Peace, the Privy Seals, and Passports granted to Persons to come into her Majesty’s Dominions; and the Articles of Capitulation of Limerick and Gallway; and that her Majesty had been pleased to give Orders for the said several Accounts and Papers to be laid before this House.

Shepherd* An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways be-Shord Reads, tween Shepherd's Shordand Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdon Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of Highways thereunto adjacent, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Highways between Shepherd's Shord, and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdon Hill, in the County of and other ruinous Parts of Highways thereunto adjacent.

Ordered, That Mr. Bolt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Highland Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Clan*. her Majesty, That (lie will be pleased to give Directions, That there may be laid before this House an Account of all Sums of Money which have been paid to the Highland Clans, in North Britain, since the Year 1688; with the Names of the respective Persons to whom any such Sums have been paid; and by whom.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moil honourable Privy Council.

Committee Ordered, That all Accounts, and other Papers, which on Estimates have been presented to the House, and have been or-aadAccouate. dered to lieupon theTable, relating to the PublicDebts, be referred to the Consideration of the select Committee to whom the several Estimates and Accounts, relating to the Supply granted to her Majesty, are referred.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do examine and state all the Publick Debts, for which no Provision is made by Parliament.

Garisons in Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her

North Majesty, That the will be pleased to give Directions, Britain. That the State of the Garisons in North Britain, and an Accontof what Arms and Ammunition have been brought out of North Britain into South Britain, since Michaelmas 1710, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That, the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Supply. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Kesolutions; which they had

directed him to report, when the Hou fe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that the Committee had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Garisons ia her Majesty, That Copies of the several Papers and Jamaica, At. Representations relating to the Garisons of Jamaica, and the Leero’ard Islands, which have been sent over from the respective Governors of those Places; and the Opinion of the Assembly, with respect to the Force* there; may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned tift Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 10° die Afrilis;

Anno 13* Annas Regins 1714.

Praters.

Of AMESChabaud took the Oaths appointed, in J order to his Naturalization.

Sir John Pakinglon reported from the Committee, Worcdbr

to whom the Bill for repairing the Highway, or Road, Road, from the City of Worcester, to the Borough of Droit-wick, in the County of Worcester, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments to some of them, were agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Merchants trading in Wines, in Wine behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the Merchanti , House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners n ’ have paid all the principal Money of Bonds, given by them, for the Exportation of great Quantities of Wines:

That, Interest being demanded on those Bonds, the Petitioners applied themselves to the Lord Treasurer, praying his Lordship to remit the said Interest; lie having Power so to do, by a Clause in an Act of the Fourth of the Queen: Whereupon his Lordship referred them to the Commissioners of Customs, to report what fit to be done therein: and the said Commissioners, finding the Petitioners same very hard, and the said Clause not sufficient for their Relief, applied themselves to this House for a Bill for Relief of the Wine and Tobacco Merchants, in which the Petitioners were included; but there being Leave given for bringing in a Bill for the Relief of Tobacco Merchants, in respect of Bonds given by them: And praying the y may be also relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereon, to the House.

Ordered, That the Gentlemen who were appointed Tobaec* the 8th Instant to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, upon the Trad*.

Petition

13 Ann. 10° — i2° Aprilis.

5*i

tf(i Petition of the Merchants in trading in Tobac-

co, on behalf of themselves, and the Planters of Virginia and Maryland, be discharged from preparing, and bringing in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who " are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her

[. Majesty: And that they do examine the Matter there-

of; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereon, 1'; to the House.

‘t

Removal of Mr. Secretary Bromley presented to the House, by her

preiender Majesty’s Command, pursuant to their Address for that irum rralD‘ Purpose, a Copy of a Letter from the Bishop of London ' to the Baron Le Begue, Resident to the States Genei'al

from the Duke of Lorrain; with a Translation thereof:

And the Translation thereof was read.

The Translation is as follows; viz.

!5

Utrecht, 8° November 1713.

Sir,

- I shall with Pleasure lay hold on all Opportunities

that shall offer, to shew you my Respects, and to make you Returns for the Friend ship you expressed for me during your Stay at Utrecht: It is now by Order of

her Majesty, the Queen of Great Britain, whom I have the Honour to serve, that I acquaint you, her Majesty, finding the Pretender to her Crown is not yet gone out of the Territories of his moll Serene Highness the Duke your Master, notwithstanding the repeated Instances which have been made for that Purpose, has commanded me to desire \ou will represent to his Highness the Dangers which may be apprehended to her ... Majesty, and her Kingdoms, as also to the Protestant Succession, in case the said Person continue to flay any longer in.his Dominions; and how inconsist-ent such Protection will be with the Friendship and

good Correspondence that is between her Majesty and his Highness: When I have the Honour to meet you,

I shall explain this Matter to you further, and remind you of the Addresses lately made to her Majesty, by her Parliament, and of other Considerations, which, (

> am persuaded, are sufficiently known to you; which,

being represented to his Highness by a Minister of so much Credit, and so well inclined, as the Baron Le Begue, cannot fail to have the desired Effect, that the Pretender may not be permitted to flay any longer in the Dominions of the Duke your Master.

I am,

Jolt.

Ordered, That the said Copy and Translation do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy of the Letter is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

:upply. Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Re-fblutions they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they' were read; and areas follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £.386,427 17*. 10 be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining of Guards and Garisons in Great Britain, and toge-

ther with Two Independent Companies in North Britain, for the Year 1714.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £.54,645 ir. 3 be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining her Majesty’s Forces and Garison at Minorca for the Year 1714.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £.34,856 14^. 9 be granted to her Majesty', for maintaining her Majesty’s Forces and Garison at for the Year 17x4.

Vol. 17.

Resolved, That It is the Opinion of this Committee That a Sum, not exceeding £.20,170 xr. 6d. be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining of Four Companies at New York, Four Companies at Annapolis Royal, Four Companies for Placentia, One Company at Bermudas, and the Garisons of Annapolis Royal and Placentia, for the Year 1714.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding£.67,358 15 -jd. be granted to her Majesty, for supplying the Deficiency of the Fund of the Claflis Lottery in 1711, for the Year ending at Michaelmas 1713.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £.67,546 4 3 be grant-

ed to her Majesty, for supplying the Deficiency of the Fund for the Clalfis Lottery in 171:1, for the Year ending at Michaelmas 1713.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £.42,576 6s. 4 be granted to her Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the yearly Fund, granted, by an Act in the 9th Year of the late King William the Third, for the Benefit of the Company, and others, trading to the East Indies.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se- Publicancn , ven-night, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole of Libels. House, to considerof that Part of her Majesty’s Speech, to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to seditious Libels, and factious Humours.

The House, according to Order, resolved itfelfinto a Drawback on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for lessen- Tobacco, ing the Drawback on Tobacco carried into Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made foine Amendments thereuuto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, at Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 12* die A;

Anno 13* Annas Reginas, 1714.

Prayers,

SIR John Leake presented to the House, by her Ma- Victua'ing jesty's Command, and pursuant to their Address for Land force*, that Purpose, an Estimate of the Charge of Provisions furnished by the Commissioners for victualing her Majesty’s Navy, to Land Forces and Garisons, &;c. since the First of August 1710; together with what Money has been received by the Treasurer of her Majesty’s Navy, towards reimbursing the said Expence:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Estimate be referred to the Consideration of the Select Committee, to whom the several Estimates and Accounts relating to the Supply granted to her Majesty are referred.

A Bill for repairing and amending the Highway be- Talk, &c. tween the Town, or Village, of Titteand the moll Road. Northern Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt-lane, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

7 D Mr.

i'dinburgh

Bridges

Highways.

Woollen

Manul'aftnre,

62 Aprilis. A< 1714.

Mr. Vernon, Sir Chrifio. Musgrave, ‘"MrlWivfiatUey, Mr.

Clarke, Mr. Ctirzon, >Sir Rickard Mr.

’ton, ’Mr. Farrier, ‘Sir Robert Davers, Mr. ‘Clayton, Sir John Mordaunt, the Earl of Hertford, Mr. Fleetwood,

Mr. Hungerford, M r. Dyott,'Mr. Shadkertey, M r.

Sir Tho. CroJfe, Mr. Sibthorp, Sir'JFm. Pole, Mr. ley, Mr. Yeaman, Mr. Wilson Mr. Mr. Law/on, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Foleu, Mr. Auditor Harley, Lord

Luntley, Lord ‘Scudamore, Mr Mr. Cartwright,

Mr. Pigott, Mr. Gore, Captain Chapman, Mr. Moore, Mr. Onjloto, Mr. Fitzwilliams, Mr. Bertie; and >all that serve for the Counties of and

Lancaster: And they are to meet this After noonat Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for upholding and repairing the Bridges >and Highways in the County of Edinburgh, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Lockhart, Mr. England, Sir Wm. Mr. Murray, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Alexander Cummings, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Clayton, Sir James Sir

Davers, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Sh Sir Roger Mojlyn

Mr. LawJ'on, Mr. Cotton, Sir Chrifio. Musgrave, Mr. Foley, the Earl of Hertford, Mr. Broderick, Mr, Hungerford, Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Earl, Lord James Murray, Mr. Offett, Mr. Auditor Foley, Sir Hind Cotton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Edom, Sir

Wm.Withers; And all that serve for North Britain And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Win.Withers reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Merchants, Drapers, and other Dealers, in Mixt or Medley Broad-cloths, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and the Report, and Resolutions, are as follow; viz.

That, upon Examination of the Allegations thereof, found. That by an Act, passed in the 10th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, it is enacted, That all Mixt or Medley Broad-cloth, to be made after the 24th Day of June 1712, shall be measured at the Fulling-mill, by the Master, Owners or other Ofccupier, thereof upon Oath; who is also to rivet a Seal of Lead on every such Cloth, and to seal, and llamp, in Figures, the Length and Breadth of the fame; which is to be and remain the only Rule of Payment for all and every Buyer or Buyers whatsoever, to accept the said Cloths, subject to a Penalty of 20 s.for any and every Refusal:

Whereby, through lack of Knowledge in some Owners or Occupiers of such Mills, or extraordinary Covetouf-ness in the Clothiers who employ them, it happens that these Mixt or Medley Cloths frequently come into the Petitioners Hands, short in Measure, both in Length and Breadth, of what is fixed and stampt on the Seal of the said Owners or Occupiers of the Mills; as appeared by several of the said Cloths, produced before the Committee; the false Measurement whereof was attelied by various Witnesses, who had measured the fame.

That itappearedto the Committee, That the Clothiers lie under a Penalty of 20s. only, if after any Mixt or Medley Broad-cloth is fully wet, leased and stamped, he, the said Clothier, shall stretch or lirain any inch Cloth, above One Yard in 20 in Length, or above One Nail of a Yard in Breadth; which Penalty, the Petition^ ers alleged, is no-ways adequate to the Offence; besides, that the Manner of recovering thereof renders the Law ineffectual; for that no Forfeiture is to be paid, unless

!ihe Offender be duly convicted before such Cloths be old, or exposed to Sale.

And that upon Consideration of the whole Matter, the Committee canoe to the following Resolutions; viz. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

2S

That the Petitioners have 'fully -proved the Allegations of the said Petition.

Resolved, That it 'is theiOpinion of this Committee,

That the said recited Act subjects 'the 'Mill-man, who mills or fulls any Mbat or Medley 'Broad-oldfhs, to no Penalty -in case he makes false Measure, although his Measure is 60 be a Rule of Payment for every fudh Cloth to the Buyer: And likewise -no Penalty lies upon the'Ciothier.ifqr any Fraud put‘upon the Buyer, by brs overstraining the said Cloths, in Length and Breadth, unless the same be discovered before they are fold, or exposed'to Sale.

Resolved,^at it is the'Opinion Of‘this Committee,

That the House be moved, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to-explam and amend the said recited Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to 'bring hi a BiN to explain and amend an Act; passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Wpollen Manufacture of Mixt or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; and that Sir Wm. Withers, Sir Richard Hoar, Sir William locke, and Mr. London, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Sir John Hind Cotton presented to the House, from Trade witl» the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, by her Flanders. Majesty’s Command, pursuant to their Address for that Purpose, an Account of what Instructions have been given for the settling the Trade with Flanders; and what Progress hath been made therein; contained iti several Papers; a Schedule whereof he rend in his Place; and afterwards delivered the said Papers, and — Schedule, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Schedule was read; and is as follows; viz.

Lift of Papers from the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade of the Spanifk Netherlands.

17-fx, February, 5th, Copy of a Letter from the Lord Viscount Bolingbroke, directing the Commissioners for Trade to prepare Instructions for the Commissaries who. are to settle the Trade of the Netherlands; and transmitting several Papers, received from the Earl of Orrery, for that Purpose, Nr dated the 4th of February 1744. - - - 1,

Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Orrery, to the Lord Viscount Bolingbroke; inclosing Copy of a Memorial from the States of Flanders, relating to their Trade with Great Britain - - - - 2,

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Orrery to the Lord Viscount Bolingbroke; with the Heads of a Treaty to be concluded with the Emperor before the Surrender of the SpaniJhLow Countries to him; dated 6 February 1713. - - - 3.

Translation of the 6, 9, and 13th Articles of the Treaty for the Succession and Barrier, concluded with Holland the |£th January 1744. - - - 4.

Translation of a Memorial from the Deputies of the States of Flanders to the Earl of Orrery; containing a Deduction of the State of their Trade; and praying Redress of their Grievances therein, with regard to England, See. - - - 5.

Accounts of what Customs the Goods and Manu-fastures of England on.y upon Importation into Flanders; and of what the Goods and Manufactures of Flanders pay* upon their Import into England - ft.

11th, Copy of a Letter to the Lord Viscount Bolingbroke, in Answer to his Lordship’s of the 4th Instant, relating to Instructions for the Commissaries to be appointed, on her Majesty’s Part, for settling the Trade of the Netherlands - - - 7.

1713. Apr. 15th, Copy of a’Letter from the Lord V ifeount Bolingbroke to the Commissioners for Trade, of the 14 April 1713; inclosing a Commission, and Instructions, for Mr. Drummond, appointed Commissary for settling the Trade with the Spanish

Netherlands;

*3 Atffcr.

Jtprilis.

5<*3

W£(hV?la)tds\ dsalfo a *L£ttdr iTrbrh 'the ftiicl !Nf

mondrelating ‘fhereufntb, for the Board’s (bpinldn thereupon - - - - . - - - 8.

‘Copy Of Mr. DrUTnrrirind'sXZommission, for settling the TraHfe With the Spanish Netherlands - - '9.

Copy'df Mr. Dtumtnond's Instructions, for settling ’the Trade Vith the Spanish Netherlands - , -to.

Copy Wf a Letter from tylT.D Lord Vifeotitit Bblittgbroke; dated at Artijlerdam, the i*8th of April 17 ]5; relating to the Settlement of Trade with th Spanish Netherlands - - - - 11.

May 5th, Copy of a Letter from the Lord Vif-COunt Bolingbroke, Of the i‘ftoF May; with the Co-

pies of Two from Mr. Drummond, Comhniffaryfdr settling of Trade With the Spanish Netherlands, &c.; referring them to the Commissioners for Trade, for What they may have to Offer thereupon - -

6th, Copy of h Letter to't he Lord Viscount Bolirtgbroke, upon Mr. Drummond’s Commission, In-Wrufitions, fend Letters, relating to the Settlement o'f Trade with the Spanish Netherlandsreferred, by his Lordship, to the Commissioners of Trade, the 14th of April; and ih An fiver to his Lordship’s of the iff Instant - - - - 13.

June 4th, Copy of a Letter from the Lord Vif-toUnt Bolingbroke, of the 26 of May 1713; incjofnig Copies of Two Letters from Mr. Drummond, and Two. Extracts of the Resolutions Of the States General; with a Translation of a provisional Regulation for the Trade of the Spanish Netherlands, for the Opinion of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations thereOpon - - - -14

8th, Copy of a Letter from the Lord Viscount Bolingbroke, of the 5th of June 1713; inclosing, to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, the Copies of Two Letters from Mr. Drummond, Commissary for Commerce in with a new

Draught of a provisional Regulation for the Trade, of the Spanish Netherlands, &c. - - -15.

9th, Copy of a Letter from the Lord Viscount Bolingbroke to the Commissioners for Trade, of the 8th June 17x3; with an Address from the House of Commons, requiring an Account what is stipulated for the Trade of Great Britain in Flanders, and how secured - - - 16.

10th, Copy of a Letter from the Cortlmissioners for Trade to the Lord Viscount Bolingbroke, in Answer to his Lordship’s, of the 26 of May, and 5th June, 1713, upon several Letters from Mr. Drummond, and the provisional Regulations of Trade in Flanders -’ - - - - -17.

1 llh, Copy of a Letter to the Lord Vifcofiht Bolingbroke, with a Representation upon art Address from the House of Commons, relating to the Trade with Flanders - 18.

June 17th, Copy of a Letter from Mr. Hatt, Secretary to the Lord Viscount Bolirtgbrokedated the 16th of June 1713; referring to the Commissioners for Trade a Letter from Mr. Drummond of the 23 of the same Month, N. S.; with Abstracts of the Tariffs of <670 and 1680, &c. - - - 19.

Abstrafit of the Tariffs of the Spanish Netherlands, of 1670 and 1680 - - - 20.

18th, Copy of a Letter from the Cohrmifrioness for Trade, to the Lord Viscount Bolingbroke, upon the Abstracts of the Tariffs made at Bmjfels, iff 1670 and 1680; and other Papers from Mr. mond, inclosed in Mr. Hare's Letter, of the 16th Instant - zi.

July 6th, Copy of a Letter from the Lord Viscount Bolingbroke, of the 2d July 171.37 inclosing the Copy of one from Mr. Drummond, Of the 4th July, N. S. Upon what the Commissioners fOi* Trade writ his Lordship, the 10th Of relating to a new Regulation of Commeree ih Flanders, &c. - ia.

8th, Copy of a Letter from the CommilDon-ers for Trade to the Lord Viscount Bolingbroke, in Vol. 17.

Answer to Crie from'his Tordship, of the 2d June, ~Nr incldfing One from Mr. tjninxm relating to new

Regiilations of Commerce in Flanders, &c. - - 23.

28th, Copy of a Letter from the Loi;d Vif-eddht 'Bolingbroke to the Commissioners for Trade, of the 2 July 1713; with the Extract of a Letter from the Lords Atnbaffadors at Utreand from Mr. Drummond; and Copies of the provisional Regulation of Trade in the Netherlands, and the Resolution of the States General thereupon, for what the Board have to offer, SCc. - , - -24.

November 6th, Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Bromley; with the Project of a Treaty of Commerce between Great and the Spanish

Netherlands, dated October the 8th 1713 -, - 25.

X2th, A Copy of a Letter from Mr. Popple, Secretary to the Commissioners for Trade, to Mr.

CarkeJJe, Secretary to the Commissioners of the Customs j with the Copy of an Article proposed to he inserted in the Treaty of Commerce with the Spanish. Netherlands, for the Opinion of the Commissioners of thfe Customs thereupon - - - - 26.

19th, Copy of a Letter from Mr.

Secretary to the Commissioners of her Majesty’s Customs to Mr. Popple, Secretary to the Commissioners for Trade; with a Report from the Officers of the Customs, relating to the 20th Article of the Treaty of Commerce with, Flanders. - - - 27.

20th, Copy of a Letter to Mr. CarkeJJe, for ah Account of what Linens they are that are imported from Flanders, and other Countries, of the same Sorts, that paid different Duties; and what that Difference is - - - 28.

27th, Copy of a Letter from Mr. CarkeJJe, Secretary to the Commissioners of the Customs, to Mr. Popple, Secretary to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations relating to Linens, &c. imported from Flanders - - t - - 29.

Copy of a Report of several Officers of the Customs, to the Commissioners, upon the Let. ter from Mr. Popple, of the 20th November 1713, relating to several Sorts of Linen imported from the Netherlands; and to the Difference of Duty upon those Linens, and the like imported from other Parts - - - - -30.

December 2d, Copy of a Letter to Mr. Secretary Bromley, in Answer to his of the 8th of October 1713, upon the Project of a Treaty of Commerce between Great Britain and the Spanish Netherlands 31.

January nd, 1744, Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Bromley to the Commissioners for Trade, of the 8lh December 1713; with Copies of the Report of the Council of Finances, and the Order about levying Customs in the frontier Places, to the new Conquests in the Netherlands; as also a Ljft of the fcuftbm-houses of the Dutch Barrier; translated. 32.

Mar. 4th, Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Bromley, dated the 3d of Mar. 1744, referring to the Commissioners for Trade the Copy of a Letter from Mr. Drummond, andfome Amendments, made by him to the Project of a Treaty of Commerce with Flanders; as also a Letter from Mr. Brown, about Fish and Leather, at Bruges - - - - 33.

C6py of a Letter from Mr. Drummond to Mr. Secretary Bromley; dated the 20th of February, 1714,

N. S. - - - , - - - 34.

Copy of the Amendments, made by Mr. tn&nd, to the Project of a Treaty of Commerce with the Spanish Netherlands, pursuant to the Observations of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, in a Letter to Mr. Secretary Bromley, dated December 2d. 1713 - - - - 35.

Cdpy of a Letter from \tr, A Brmon to Mr.

Drummond, relating to the Pish and Leather Trade, at Bruges, dated iotfi December 1713 - 36.

6th, Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of Trade, to Mr. Secretary Bromley, in Answer to

Trade with Flanders.

Notice respecting Petitions from Ireland.

A Uowance for Forage.

Supply.

564 12° — z 30 Apr ills.

A. 1714.

to his of the 3d Instant, upon Mr. Drummond's Nr Letter, and Amendments to the Board’s Observations on the Project of a Treaty of Commerce with the Spanish Netherlands - ... - - 37.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Schedule do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Francis Lord Baron of

Athenry, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was offered to the House, for repealing an Act of Parliament made in Ireland: Whereupon the Journal of 6* February, 6° Anna Regina, which directs what Notice, and in what Manner, it is to be given, in relation to Bills to be brought into the House from Ireland, was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Petition be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 96.

Tellers for the Noes. }147>

So it passed in the Negative.

The House being informed, That Mr. Moor, Pay-master of her Majesty’s Forces abroad, attended;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, he presented to the House, by her Majesty's Command, pursuant to their Address for that Purpose, an Account of the usual Allowance of Forage for her Majesty’s Regiment of British Dragoons, serving in the Low Countries for the Year 1713, not provided for in his Office.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Consideration of the Select Committee, to whom the several Estimates and Accounts, relating to the Supply granted to her Majesty, are referred.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had considered the Matter of the Petition, to them referred, of Robert Wife, late of London, Tobacco-merchant; and had directed him to move the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Robert Wife, and his Sureties, for such Debts as he owes to her Majesty, or hands bound for, as Surety, for Customs of Tobacco:

And he moved the same accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Robert Wife, and his Sureties, for such Debts as he owes to her Majesty, or Hands bound for, as Surety, for Customs of Tobacco: And that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Auditor Harley, Mr. Iwwndes, and Mr. Gore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, That they had considered the Matter of the Petition, to them referred, of the Merchants in London trading in Tobacco, in behalf of themselves, and the Planters of Virginia and Maryland; and had directed him to move the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

for the Relief of the Merchants, Traders in Tobacco, according to the Prayer of their Petition:

And he moved the same accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the Merchants, Traders in Tobacco, according to the Prayer of their Petition: And that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Auditor Mr. Bertie,

and Mr. Hcysham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee,

That they had considered the Matter of the Petition to them referred, of several Merchants trading in Wines, in behalf of themselves, and others; and had directed him to move the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the Wine-merchants, according to the Prayer of their Petition.

And he moved the same accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring iu a Bill for the Relief of the Wine-merchants, according to the Prayer of their Petition: And that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bull eel, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Wright-Jon, Mr. Gore, and Air. Auditor , do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Tohnrco lay before this House the Representations which they Trade, have received from the Traders to Virginia, relating to the Buying up of damaged and bad Tobacco.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 130 die

Anno 13* Annas Regina*, 1714.

Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Millarl, Land Tax. from the Commissioners for the Taxes, attended;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented, according to Order, an Account of what Money hath been paid for the Land Tax for the Year 1713, to the 10th of April 1714, inclusive; and also an Account of what Sums remain in Arrear, from former Years; as likewise an Account who are the Sureties of such Receivers, who have any Arrears in their Hands, from former Years.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways between Reading the Bear Inn in Reading, in the County of Berks, and a Roads, certain Place called Puntfield, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Ah Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Pr. 1. L. Iaft, After " Thompson," to insert "

" Buckingham, Henry Kingsmill, Reginald Fellowes And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, in the County of Berks, and a certain Place called Punt field, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Calvert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.

15 Ann. 13* — 140 Aprilis. 565

Publick Mr. Wilmington, from the Commissioners for taking,

Account*. examining, and flaring, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and atfo to determine the Debts due to the Army, fefc. presented to the House the general State of the Receipts and IiTues of the publick Reventie of England., between Michaelmas 1703 and Michaelmas 1704: And also.

The general State of the Receipts and Issues of the publick Revenue of Great Britain between Michaelmas

1712 and Michaelmas 1713: And also,

A Report from the said Commissioners appointed to take, examine, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom: and to determine the Debts due to the Army, Sic.-, and some Observations by them made:

And the Titles of the said States, and Report, were read.

Ordered, That the said general States, and Report, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said general States, and Report, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Lift of Sir John Leake presented to the House, by her Ma-

Ship*, &c. jesty’s Command, pursuant to their Address for that Purpose, a List of all her Majesty’s Ships and Vessels, with the Condition of each, according to the best Account that can be given thereof:

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Clithero The House proceeded to the Hearing the Matter of

Election. the Election for the Borough of Clithero, in the County of Lancaster:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, and Sitting Member, were cal led in:

And the Petition of Edward Harvey Esquire, complaining of the said Election, was read:

And the Petitioner’s Counsel examined several Witnesses on the Petitioner’s behalf.

And then the Counsel on both Sides withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will proceed in the further Hearing of the Merits of the Election for the said Borough of Clitheito Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read;

?mithwark Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Ac. l’.lection. privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry; and the Borough of Brackley, in the County of Northampton; be received upon this Day Sevennight.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees which are to meet this Evening be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 140 die;

Anno 130 Annae Reginte, 1714. Prayers.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Cricklad* tions be discharged from proceeding upon the Petition Lledion. of Samuel Robinson Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Crick lade, in the County of Wilts; and that the said ^Ir. Robinson be at Liberty to withdraw his said Petition.

A Petition of the Mailers of Fiffiing-boats, on behalf Fish caught of themselves, and the other Fiffiermen, dwelling in Ly Foreign-Dover, and the Parts adjacent, was presented to the ers‘

House. and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, and Families, are become the foie Inhabitants of the said Port; and wholly depend on the Herring, Mackarel, and Whiting, Seasons; and that they are likely to be ruined by the English Smacks, &c. buying fresh Fish at Sea, and

bringing them to several Parts, especially under

Pretence of being taken by English Fiffiers; whereby Foreigners are eneduraged to fiffi on the Petitioners Coasts: contrary to Law, and to the Deft ruction of the Fry of Fish; and tending to the Ruin of the Petitioners, and the whole Realm: And praying a Bill may be brought in, for preventing all fresh Fish taken by Aliens being imported into this Kingdom.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Fiffiermen, and Ditto, other Inhabitants, of the Town and Port viliyth, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Town chiefly depends on the Fiffiing-trade; but several Persons have of late bought great Quantities of fresh Fish caught by Foreigners, and not by Englishmen; but imported them in English Vessels into England; to the great Detriment of the said Trade and Navigation: And praying a Bill may be brought in, for preventing the Importation into Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any Vessel, either English built, or otherwise, any such fresh Fish as aforesaid, caught by Foreigners, under a Penalty.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Fiffiermen, and d;Uo-other Inhabitants, of Folkeston, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the said Town chieflydepends on the Fiffiing-trade; but several Persons have of late bought great Quantities of fresh fiffi caught by Foreigners, and not by English-men; but imported them in English Vessels into England; to the great Detriment of the said Trade and Navigation: And praying a Bill may be brought in, for preventing the Importation into England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any built Vessel, or otherwise, any such fresh Fiffi, caught as aforesaid, under a certain Penalty.

Whereupon, a Clause in the Act, of the 15th Year of King Charles I Id, for the Encouragement of Trade; and also aClauie in the Act, of the 18th Year of King Charles the lid, against importing Fish, taken by Foreigners; were read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petitions: Ana that Mr. Papillon, Mr. De/bovery, Sir Edward Knatchbull,

Mr Ferricr, and Sir Robert Davers, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Cock’* Debt to tb« Crown

A PETITION of Dean Cock, late of

Merchant, was presented to the House, and read} setting forth, That the Petitioner became bound for Robert Wife, and others, for several Sums for Customs

of Tobacco: That the said Wife, &c. failed, without discharging the said Bonds; which occasioned the Petitioner to withdraw: And the Petitioner having paid upwards of £.1,250, being the Balance of his own Debts to the Crown: And praying a Bill may be brought in, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with the Petitioner for such Debts as he is Surety for the said Wife, &c.

And the several Certificates, required by the Standing Order of the House, being the reunto annexed j Vol. 17.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Drawback the whole House, to whom the Bill for lessening the onTol)acco-Drawbacks on Tobacco carried to Ireland, was committed, be received upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House, will upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Clithero further Hearing of the Merits of the Election for the ^le, aion Borough of Clithero, in the County of Lancaster:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

7E And

66

14° Apr

A.

1714.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member produced several Records of the Court of Inquiry at Clithero; and one Mr. Thomas Dug dale, to prove them:

Against whose giving Evidence, the Petitioner's Counsel objecting; for that they had given some preceding Evidence against him, which made him an improper Witness in this Cafe;

The Counsel were heard touching the fame.

And then withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Mr. Thomas Dugdale be admitted as an Evidence;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith:

And the Records, by admission of the Petitioner’s Counsel, were read:

And the Sitting Member’s Counsel examined several Witnesses; and were afterwards heard, by way of Defence: And the Petitioner’s Counsel being heard, by way of Reply;

The Council on both Sides withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the honourable Charles Stanley Esquireisduly defied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clithero, in the County of Lancaster-,

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Edward Harvey- Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Clithero

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Election is a void Election, with respect to the said Mr. and Mr. Harvey.

Mr. Windsor presented to the House, by her Majesty’s Command, pursuant to their Address for that Purpose, a State of the Garisons in North And,

An Account of what Arms have been brought out of North Britain into South Britain since the Year 1710: And the Titles thereof were read.

The said State and Account are as follow; viz.

A STATE of the Garisons in North Britain.

Edinburgh . Cattle, 29th . September 1713 Fort William, 31 Mor. ,7*4- Stirling Cattle, 10th December BlacknefsCMt. Dunbarton Cattle.

2.475 7QI: 1,710 59 0

1,848 0 3°° 0 0

16,420 2,652 2,000 0 0

Barrels. Barrels. Barrels. Barrels. Barrels.

*73 1°4* 30! 2 2

C. qr. lb. C. qr. lb. Yds. Bundles.

0 4 2 I 0 76 2 0 100 27

lb. lb. C. qr. lb.

252 15 ] i 0 70 0 0 100 15 0 0

lb

222 0 0 0 0

Brass. Iron. Brass. Iron. Brass. Iron. Brass. Iron. Brass. Iron.

I 0 0 0 0 O 0 0 0 0

8 / O 0 0 0 0 O O O 0

2 20 O 2 3 O O 0 0 0

2 1 O 6 O O 0 O O 0

0 10 0 l9 I 4 0 0 I 0

2 10 O 6 O 0 0 0 0 0

O 0 0 5 0 9 0 0 4 0

0 0 I 0 10 9 0 2 6 0

7 0 3 0 0 0 2 O 0 0

1 0 0 0 0 1 O 3 0 0

0 0 1 6 2 0 0 0 1 0

0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 I 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

I 2 0 0 0

8 0 0 0 0

i4 2 3 0 0

2 6 0 0 0

4 5 0 0

1 6 0 0 0

0 5 9 0 0

0 1 *9 a 0

2 3 0 2 0

0 0 1 3 0

0 1 2 0 0

0 1 a 0 a

205 0 0 0 0

543 0 0 0 0

588 0 0 0 0

1 ,634 107 120 0 0

735 1, 170 70 0 0

1 ,172 400 1,200 0 140

1 ,123 0 0 0 0

1,822 690 0 0 0

1 .7*5 0 150 0 30

1,550 100 3»,0° 77 300

9°3 108 0 25 0

0 0 0 0 0

0 0 l6l f 0 9

Mulquets -Cartouch-boxes Flints -

Powder -

Match -

Musquet-lhot

Pistol-shot -

r36-Pounder -24-Pounders Culvering -12 Pounders Dj. Culvering 6-Pounders -Ordnance, Saker -

Minion -

3-Pounders -

Falcon -

Falconet -Rabbonet -

A large Piece called J/ou/rt Meg Dj. Cannon -24-Pounders -

Culvering -12-Pounders Dj. Culvering -

6-Pounders -Saker -

Minion -3-Pounders -Falcon -

Falconet - -

Rabbonet -rCannon of 7 -Dj. Cannon -

24-Pounders -

Culvering - -

12-Pounders -

Dj. Culvering ... Round Shot/ 8-Pounders -6-Ponnders -

Saker ----- Minion -3-Pounders -

Falcon ..... Falconet -

Office of Ordnance, 7 13 th of Apr. 1714. 3

Carriages for

Rich. King, D. Wind for, C, Musgrave.

Atr

Garisons in North Britain.

Arms

brought from North Britain.

Regiment at Jamaica.

Pretender’* Residenct in Lorrain.

Persons

outlawed.

Demolition of Dunkirk.

Peace with

Allies and France and Spaia*

13 Ann.

14* Apr

567

An ACCOUNT of what Arms have been brought out

of North Britain into South Britain since Michael-

mas 1710. I RepWo. Unf*.

Musquet-barrels' - - - - 6,556 437

Musquet-locks - - - - 92 4,277

Carbine-barrels - - - - O 66

Carbine-locks ----- O 61

Pistol-barrels ----- 4P. 96 P.

Pistol-locks ----- 0 89 Pr.

Brass Ordnance, 3-Pounder of Foot 9" 1

f Culvering of 9 — 1

Iron Ordnance i,1'Pounderof 10 — 1

/ Dj. Culvering ofj g, X 1

Memorandum: There hath been no Ammunition

brought out of North Britain.

~C. Musgrave, D. Wind for. Rich. King.

Office of Ordnance,

13 th of April 1714.

Ordered, That the said State and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

Mr. Pytts, from the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, p re fen ted to the House, by her Majesty’s Command, pursuant to their Address for that Purpose, several Papers, relating to the Regiment at Jamaica , with a Schedule of them:

And the said Schedule was read; and is as follows; viz.

Lift of Papers, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the Regiment at Jamaica.

1. Extract of a Letter from the Lord Archibald Hamilton to the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, relating to the Regiment at Jamaicadated the 10th. and 18th of October 1712.

2. Lift of the Militia Regiments in Jamaica, the nth, 1712.

3. Extract of a Letter from the Lord Archibald Ha-

milton to the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, relating to the Regiment at Jamaica ,* dated the 27th of October 1713.

4. Letter to the Lord Viscount Bolingbroke, in Answer to his Lordship’s Letter of 16 Feb. 1744, relating to the Regiment at Jamaica, from the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations.

5. Extract of a Letter from the Lord Archibald Hamilton, Governor of Jamaica; dated the 26th of December 1713; transmitting Abstracts of the Minutes of the Council and Assembly of that Island.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Lift be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

a

Mr. Secretary Bromley presented to the House, by her Majesty’s Command, pursuant to their Addresses, an Account of what Instances have been used with the Emperor, for revoking the Passport granted by him for the Pretender’s redding in the Dominions of the Duke of Lorrain, or against renewing the fame:

A Lift of Persons outlawed, attainted, or that have borne Arms in the Service of her Majesty’s, or the late King’s, Enemies, who have had Licences to return into Great Britain, or other her Majesty’s Dominions, ft nee the Year 1688:

The State of the Fortifications and Harbour of Dunkirk i and what Representations have been made, from time to time, by the Engineers and Officers appointed to inspect the Demolition thereof; with the Answers thereto, and Orders given thereupon; with Lists of the Papers relating to the said Demolition:

An Account how far the Peace, is complete between her Majesty’s Allies and France and Spain; and what is

yet wanting to make the same universal; as also what Obstruction her Majesty has met with in her Endeavours to make the same universal and complete.

A Copy of her Majesty’s Commission appointing Commission Comm diaries to treat with the French; dated the 13th appointing of December ,v3, And, r».

Copies of other Commissions appointing Commissaries in Matters of Trade since the Year 1660:

And the Titles of the said Lift, State, Account, and Commissions, were read.

Ordered, That the said Lift, State, Account, and Commissions do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of this House.

The said Account of what Instances have been used with the Emperor, for revoking the Passport granted by him for the Pretender redding in the Dominions of the Duke of Ijnrrain, or against renewing the fame, is as follows; viz.

The Queen has taken the Methods /he thought most Pretender's proper for removing the Pretender out of the Territo- in

ries of the Duke of Lorrain; but her Majesty was of aiD" Opinion, That it did not become her any way to concern herself about the Passports that bad been granted him.

The Lift of Persons outlawed, attainted, or that have borne Arms in the Service of her Majesty’s, or the late King’s, Enemies, who have had Licences to return into Great Britain, or other her Majesty’s Dominions, since the Year 1688; and also the State of the Fortifications and Harbour of Dunkirk, and what Representations have been made, from time to time, by the Engineers and Officers appointed to inspect the Demolition thereof, with the Answers thereto, and Orders given thereupon; and the Lists of the Papers relating to the said Demolition are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Account how far the Peace 19 complete between P*"e with her Majesty’s Allies and France and Spain; and what is and yet wanting to make the same universal; as also what $paia Obstructions her Majesty has met with in her Endeavours to make the same universal and complete; is as follows; viz.

On the 1 ith of April, N. S. 1711, the Ministers of Great Britain, of Portugal, of Prussia, of the present King of Sicily, and of the States General of the United Provinces, signed their respective Treaties with the Ministers of his most Christian Majesty, at Utrecht.

From that time therefore no Treaties between France and any of the Allies remained unfinished, except those of the Emperor, and of the Body of the Empire; the First of which was executed at Raftadt, on the 6th of the last Month, N. S.; and his Imperial Majesty undertaking therein to procure the Consent of the Empire to all the Articles of it, the Peace of the latter may, in effect, be reckoned to have been likewise made at the same time, although a Congress is appointed to meet at Baden; where the Consent of the Electors, Princes, and States, of the Empire, is to be given in Form, and fevyral particular Claims to be difeufled.

Passports not having been granted to the Ministers of Spain till more than 14 Months after the Conferences were opened, the Duke D'Qffuna did not come to the Congress before the 19th of April, N. S. 1713* nor enter on any Bufiliefs till the Arrival of his Colleague, the Marquis de Monteleone, in the Month of June.

On the 13th July following, the Treaty of Peace between her Majesty and the Cathplick King was signed; but the Treaty of Commerce could not be finished till the 9th December, N. S. 1713.

The Peace between Spain and Portugal her Majesty looks upon to be as good as concluded; it appearing, by late Accounts from Utrecht, That the Project thereof had been drawn up in form, and sent to the Two. Courts, to be approved; and that the Differences which remain were too inconsiderable to occasion any new Delay: In the mean while, her Majesty has taken the most effectual

Care

Peace with Allies and France and

£>pain.

568 i'4^ Aptilis. 17*4.

Care of the Interests of the King of; Having

given that Prince, on the 18th 171^, of her

own Motion, and without any Jlequisition on his Part, a new Guaranty; whereby the Queen obliged herself to secure the ltestitution, even by Force of Arms, if that should become necessary, of any thing which might be taken from Portugalbelore the Conclusion of the Peace; tp procure to that Crown the Colony of the or, in lieu thereof, such an Equivalent as the King of Portugal himself should be contented to accept; to obtain Satisfaction to the Portuguese for what they claim to be due to them on Account of their or tontraift

with the Crown of Spain; and to set on Foot, after the Peace an amicable Negotiation for accommodating the Differences which have arisen concerning several Estates situatediu Portugal, and claimed by Sqbjefts of Portugal residing in Spain; and concerning those Ships which were, about the Beginning of the War, seized by the Portuguese: On these Principles the Earl of made a solemn Declaration to the Ministers of , in February last, when he exchanged with them the Iri-struments of Ratification of the Treaties between her Majesty and the Catholick King, That the Peace which the Queen then ratified did not dispense with the Obligations which she lay under to the King of , as

well by her Guaranty lately granted, as by her defensive Alliance made in 1703; and that her Majesty was determined to assist and defend this Prince, on the Foot of the Pretensions specified in the said Guaranty, and according to the Tenor of the said defensive Alliance, The Treaty of Peace between the King of Spain and of Sicily was executed on the same Day ori which her Majesty’s Treaty with the Crown of Spain was signed; that is, on the 13th Day of July, N. S. 1713.

All the Articles of a treaty between the Catholick King and the States General have been long ago adjusted; and that Treaty would have been executed in form had not the Ministers of the States General made, and insisted upon, a Declaration, with those of Spain apprehend to be repugnant to the Terms already settled.

ft has not hitherto been possible so much as to enter on a Treaty between their Imperial and Catholick Ma-

i’efties; the Emperor having thought fit to withdraw the act of his Ministers from Utrecht, before those of the King of Spain could appear, and aft in that Congress.

This short Account of the pfefent State of the feveril Treaties of her Majesty, and her Allies, with France and Spain, shews how little is wanting, in comparifou with what has been already done, to render the Peace at last universal; as it would have been along time ago, had not continual Obstructions been thrown in the Way of this great Work at its Beginning, and in every Step of its Progress.

France havingcomplained of the Manner of Treating when former Attempts were made to set a Negotiation for a general Peace on Foot; and having, for that Reason, refused to make any hew Overtures to the States General; her Majesty received, in the Month of 1711, a Proposal from the most Christian King, which she immediately communicated, by her Ambassador, to the Ministers of Holland;a(l\ir'mgthem, that, in making

Peace, as in making War, she would aft in perfect Concert with the States: The Dutch Ministers, in Return to this Mark of her Majesty’s Confidence in them, and Friendship for their Republick, having expressed themselves to be weary of the War, heartily ddirous of Peace, and ready to join in any Method her Majesty should think proper to obtain it, gave their Opinion, That the Overture made by France was too general: that it was necessary the Queen should make the French explain themselves more particularly; and that, till they had done so, it was not proper to take any Concert with the rest of the Allies:

As soon as her Majesty received this Answer from the Hague, she insisted that the French should be more direct and particular in their Overtures: and that they should form a distinct Project of such a Peace as they were willing to conclude: No Time was loft in carrying this

Negotiation forward; and the utnioft Care was taken, according to the Defife of the Ministers in Holland, whom her Majesty had consulted, to preserve the Secret: But the dilatory Method of Treating, which in those Circumstances was unavoidable, and other Accidents to which Transtftions of this Kind muftbe always exposed, were the Ofcoafions that nothing more satisfactory than the first Propositions which France had made could be obtained till the End of September 1711,

On the First of October the Queen’s Instructions were given to the Earl of Strafford to repair, with all possible Diligence, to Holland, to acquaint the Ministers of the States with all that had been done, in consequence of what they had, in the Month of May, desired; and to communicate to them the Propositions signed by Monsieur MefnagerFour Days before; to wit

the 27th of September-, which her Majesty looked Opon to include, in their general Expressions, all the particular Demands proper to be made in the Course of the Negotiation; and to be a sufficient Foundation whereupon to open the Conferences: The Earl of Strafford was, at the same time, instructed to assure the Ministers of Holland, That her Majesty was determined to accept of no Advantage, herself, repugnant to their Interests; nor of any Peace, unless they had all reasonable Satisfaction as to their Barrier,*as to their Trade, and in every other respect: He was likewise to exhort them to join with her Majesty in promoting the strictest Union among all the Confederates, as the only means to carry the Negotiation successfully forward; and Communications and Afluranees of the same Nature were, at the same tim« given to the other Allies.

Before these Orders could be executed, and even before the last Overtures had been made on the Part of France, or it could pbflibly be known what had been t ran failed, the whole Confederacy was industrioully alarmed; Jealousies were every-tvhere sown; and, even in Britain, the most licentious Clamours were raised against her Majesty’s Proceedings.

This Behaviourmuft appear very extraordinary, when besides what is above mentioned, it shall be considered, th’at the receiving a M inifter from France by her Majesty, which was urged as the Reasonof the Apprehensions of the Allies, and which wras the only one they pretended to give, was no more than what the Dutch, and, there was Ground to believe, others of the Confederates, had several times done; and that the Person sent hither was the same ^lonfxcutMefnager, who, a Year or Two before, had Iain concealed in Holland for many Weeks; and had treated, during that time, with the chief Ministers of that Republick.

The fatal Consequersces which the lead Appearance of Disunion amongst the Allies would necessarily produce, began then to be felt; and her Majesty found herself obliged to let the Imperialists, and the Dutch, know, that the French might have been brought to explain themselves further than they did, had it not been for the extraordinary Uneafmefs, Impatience, and Jealously, which, upon the First Appearance of taking any Measures towards Peace, discovered themselves among the Allies.

From thence are all the Obstructions to the Peace to be dated; and to those Obstructions alone such Points as seem to fall short of the Expectations of any of the Parties concerned are to be attributed: The Queen fore-saw that nothing would be left undone to force the Negotiation out of her Hands, as well by those who were against any Peace at all, as by those w ho feared, that her Majesty being at the Head of the Negotiation, more Advantages might accrue to Great Britain than they were willing to allow; and, therefore, the Confederacy which formed itself in Oppofttion to what the Queen had undertaken, instead of inclining her Majesty to alter her Conduct, became the strongest Real'on imaginable to continue it: Things were already brought to that Ext remity, that there was no middle between a steady Pursuit of the true Interest of Great Britain, in the First Place, and abandoning ourselves to be disposed of, in

War,

.13 Ann. 24° Jprilis. 569

War, or in Peace, as iliould suit the Convenience, or gratify the Passions, of the Confederates.

Soou after the Earl of Straff Departure to Holland, Monsieur Buys arrived here, with the Character of Envoy from the Stales General: When a Minister of this Consequence was sent, Hopes were immediately conceived, that all Jealousies might be cured, and a perfect Harmony he created between the Queen and the States; after which an Union with the other Allies would necessarily follow; and, the whole Confederacy entering, as one Man into the Congress, the Sincerity of the French would have been soon tried; and the Possibility, or Impossibility, of obtaining a good Peace, soon decided.

In order to this End, her Majesty’s Servants were instru£ied and impowered to settle with this Minister such Disputes as related to the reciprocal Interests of the two Nations; Aud to prevent, by this previous Concert, any Difference which might arise, in the Course of the Treaty, between the Queen and the States, they were further directed toadjuft, in Confidence, with him, such a Plan for the General Peace, as it might be proper finally to inlist upon: And, in this Cafe, her Ma-jeliy would have been ready, jointly with the States, to have broke the Conferences, if these Terms had not been granted without Exception, and without Delay: But such was the publick Misfortune at that time, that this Minister was only impowered to hear, and not to speak; and could not take upon him so much as to conclude, or even sign fub f a new offensive and

defensive Alliance betwixt the Queen and the States; which, in those Circurastances of Affairs, hejudged, and Iter Majesty’s Servants concurred with him, to be extremely necessary.

But the Conferences which were held with Monsieur Buys here, by the Accounts which came from abroad, and by the Representations which some of the Allies made, about the same time, to her Majesty, it appeared undeniably evident, not only that the War was become on the present Foot, absolutely impracticable; but also, that no Alteration could be attempted, either in the Method of carrying it on, or in the views towards which it was directed, without dissolving at once the Confederacy: And that the Dispute was, in fact, not whether a Peace, by which Spain, and the Indies would be left to Philip, should be made, but who Iliould have the making of it.

The real annual Expence of this Kingdom amounting to more than Seven millions; whereas it is certain, that we were not in a Condition effectually to raise near Six Millions, in the Course of a Year: From whence it follows, that, if this Proportion had been continued, about Nine Millions had been the true Charge of a Second Year, and about Eleven Millions that of a Third.

This was the State of oar Affairs, whilst the House of Austria contributed nothing but One Regiment to the War of Spain, little to that of Italy, had but few Forces, and those entirely unactive, on the Rhine; and sent none into the Netherlands, except such as those harafi'ed Provinces were obliged to maintain, and were thereby rendered unable to furnish Troops, or make the necessary Provisions for the Operations of the Arm}'; both which they might otherwise have done, and both which they did, in an eminent Degree, whilti they were under the Government of the present King of Spain.

The States General bore a cor.tiderable Burthen: But as they had from the Year 1708 sent no Supplies of any Kind, either to Portugal, or to; and had drawn themselves ahnoft entirely out of the Spanish War; as they furnished in no Proportion their Quota lor the Sea Service; as they had reduced their joint Contributions with the Queen, in all Payments, to One-third of the Whole; and as they were very backward in answering even this Share of Expence; so the Load of Great Britain came, upon their Account, as well as upon the Emperor’s, to be vastly increased: As to the rest of the Allies, all the Troops which they furnished were maintained by the Queen, and the States, except Voi. 17.

a few, and those almost wholly employed in covering peace with their own Fortifications. Allies and

In this Situation of Affairs her Majesty declared to an,i the Imperialists, and to the Dutch, That if they would 5pa'n‘ not allow France to have given sufficient Grounds for opening the Conferences; if they were desirous to carry on the War, and determined to accept of no Terms of Peace inferior to those which had been formerly demanded, and refused: Ihe was, on her Part, ready to concur with them: But that, in Justice to herself, and to them. Hie thought herself bound to let them know, that file could no longer bear so disproportionable a Burthen; that it was evident, that the common Effort must be still greater than it was, or that there would remain no Prospect of arriving at the Ends which they proposed; and that for these Reasons, it would be incumbent upon them, if the War continued, to increase their Expences, whilst the Queen reduced hers.

The Ministers of the States General were very candid and opeu upon this Head: Monsieur Buys asserted.

That his Mailers had done their utmost already, and could be obliged to do no more; and many of the others had, on several Occasions, declared their Country unable to support the Charge they were at another Summer;

And the Pensionary himself, in a Deputation of the States appointed to attend the Earl of Strafford in her 1711, declared, that it was impossible to think of continuing the War another Year: that, what from the Emperor, and what from the Princes of the North, we should be in the utmost Danger, Iliould we attempt to do it; and finally, that they were Traitors to their Country who were against the Peace.

Many Instances might be produced to {hew, that there was, at least, as little Reason to expect from the House of Austria, as from the States General, a greater Effort than they had hitherto made: The Peace of Hungary was concluded about the Mouth of May 1711; and that constant Excuse which the Ministers of Vienna used to make, for all their Deficiencies, did, by Consequence, no longer subsist: Yet her Majesty found it impossible, at the latter End of that Year, to obtain a Reinforcement of no more than 8,000 Men from thence; although her Minister was impowered to have offered £.40,000 for the March of them; and, although the present King of Sicily, then Duke of Savoy, undertook, if he might be assured of this Reinforcement any time before the Close of the Campaign, to establish his Winter-quarters on that Side of France; which would have been in that Point of time, the more decisive; because a Project was then formed, and would have been executed, could the States have been in time induced to have taken even less than their own Share upon them (her Majesty supplying their Deficiency, as well as her own Proportion), to have kept a great Body of Horse, all the Winter, on the Frontiers of the Low Countries, by which means Picardy, and the Isle of France, would have been ravaged; no Magazines could have been erected; and the French must have gone, in the Spring, a great Way back into their Country to assemble their Army.

The Imperial Ministers confessed very freely, that their Master expected the Queen Iliould furnish all the Money, and that the utmost lie could do was to fend Troops at her Expence; in the same Breath avowing the Emperor’s Intention to break the Negotiation of Peace, and to continue the War till Spain was conquered; the entire Monarchy whereof he expected: But if there had remained any Doubt of the little Assistance which was to be hoped for from the House of Austria, who arrived at fuel) great Acquisilions, this Matter would have been put ent irely oil! of Dispute by the Pcopofals which Prinee Eugene himself made, in Holland first, and afterwards to the Queen.

These Proposals, it must be thought, were carried at lead as high as his Imperial Majesty judged himself able to make good; fmee it is notorious, that he would have stuck at nothing which might have broke the Measures of Peace, and have encouraged the Resolution of pro-

7 F fecuting

Peace with Allies and France and Spain,

57O 140 Aprili. . 17/4.

cuting the War: and yet, even by these Proposal. % his Imperial Majesty did not pretend to act in the Field with 2,000 Men more than in the Year. 170a, it was understood, that the Emperor Leopold, undertook to furnish; although the Expence of great Part of these Troops was not to fall upon him; and although he offered to contribute but a Fourth of the Charge of the Army in Spain; so that the remaining -Jths, as well as the whole Transportation, and Extraordinaries of that War, would dill have been placed to the Queen's Account.

From what has been said it is manifest, that the Method in which the War was proposed to be carried on could no longer be supported; and that there was not any Glimpse of Hope left, that the Allies could be brought to make any considerable Augmentation of Force: To have prosecuted the War, therefore, in this manner, mud have been the Ruin of Britain: To have infilled on an Impossibility, as a Condition without which the Queen would not proceed, mult have disunited the Alliance, and suspended the Operations of the Armies in all Parts: In both these Cafes, the Consequences are too evident to be enlarged on.

In the Beginning of the Year 1711, died the late ."Emperor Joseph; and the Eyes, not only of the Princes of the Empire, but of all the Confederates, and of her Majesty in the first place, were immediately fixed 011 his Brother: This Event occasioned a great Alteration in the Councils of Europe, and gave a new Turn to the Sentiments of many Princes.

There was reason to believe, that the Ministers of Vienna themselves began to cool in the Project of recovering Spain and the Indies.

They seemed to intend nothing more than to get the present Emperor into G, and to secure the Possession of Italy to themselves; and the former, as well as the late, Instances they had made, for attempting the Reduction of Sicily, though at the Expence of diverting Part of that Force which was applied to the War of Spain, pointed the same Way.

In Holland, a Partition of the Monarchy

seemed almost the general Scheme; and the conduct of that Republick, as well as the Confection of its Ministers, shewed, that the Project of driving Philip out of Spain, was looked on thereto, to be a pure Chimera.

Soon after the death of the Emperor , her Majesty had been acquainted, that some of the Princes of the Empire thought it a Point which deserved themost . serious Reflection, whether they should suffer the Imperial and Spanish Crowns to he united on the same Head;

and whether it might not be proper, in the Capitulation of the Empire, to infill on the Separating of them: Other Members of the grand Alliance, and those the only Two with whom her Majesty had entered into any formal Engagement for recovering the entire Spanish Monarchy, represented, upon the fameOccasion, against placing this Crown on the Emperor’s Head: It was urged, by one of the most considerable Princes in the Alliance, that the Principle upon which he engaged into the War was now altered; and that, instead of fighting to procure the Spanish Monarchy to the House of tria, his filtered, and even his Safety, required, that he should tight to prevent it.

The same therefore Hood thus: The present Emperor, even after his Brother’s Death, and his own Election, would content himself with nothing less than the whole Spanish Monarchy; and iniifted that the War should be prosecuted in this View: Of the other Allies, some looked on this Project as chimerical, others as dangerous: Prom whence it follows, that to keep the grand Alliance united in this Principle was impracticable; and it must be allowed, that, to alter this Principle, to have changed so many Treaties, to have reconciled so many different Interests, and to have formed a System entirely new in the midst of the War, was an Experiment too hazardous to be attempted.

Io this Situatiou of Affairs no Time was to be loft: The Queen knew very well, that Attempts to of«n a Treaty with France, separately from her, were made

by those who clamoured the loudest against her Mea-fpres: And the present Emperor had thought fit, on board one of her Majesty’s Ships, and by her own Mi-nifter to fend her a Message of the same Nature: She therefore infilled with the Imperial ills, and with the Dutch, that Hie would beat some certainty; and that they should comply with her in the Measures either of War, or of Peace.

How the War became impracticable, has already appeared: What Objections there were to the carrying on a Treaty of Peace, come next to be related.

The principal, and indeed the only avowed, Dispute between her Majesty and the States, at this time, concerned the Method of carrying a Negotiation forward: The States pretended, that a fair Opportunity would be given the Mmillers of France to divide the Confederates, if they were fullered to meet together in a general Congress, before the essential Articles of Peace were settled by specifick Preliminaries: The Use which had been made of this Method, on a former Occasion, to evade the concluding of any Peace; when, according to the Confession of the Dutch Ministers themselves, the Differences on which the Allies and France broke off did not deserve the Life of a single SoLier; gave no great Encouragement to pursue the same again: Besides which, as the Queen would uot take upon her to settle the Interests of others; so neither would lhe suffer others to determine those of her own Kingdoms: And if all the Confederates were to assemble, in order to adjust a Preliminary Treaty, the Objection made by the States returned upon them.

In December 1711 the States concurred with her Majesty in fixing the Place of the Treaty, appointing the Day on which the Congress should open, inviting the Allies to fend their Ministers thither, and giving the necessary Passports to the Plenipoteutiar'ej of And, if nothing had happened to revive the Spirit of those who were bent against the Peace, it is highly probable, by the little time which it cod to conclude most of the Treaties after the Conferences, that had been interrupted, were resumed at and the

Allies proceeded in earned to negotiate, that the Treaties of all the Confederates with France might have been finiftied before the Season of opening the Campaign in 1712: But before Motifieur Buys returned into Holland, or the Conferences could begin, the Efforts were renewed with the greatest Vigour to break off the Negotiation: The Cry against a Peace, by which Spain, and the Indies, should be left to any Branch of the House of Bourbon, liecame louder than ever; and, letters and Memorials were not only delivered, hut printed; and Appeal made against her Majesty’s Proceedings to all Europe, and even to her own Subjects.

On these Encouragements, the good Dispositions towards Peace received a Check; and some of those who had owned themselves against the Prosecution of the War, to recover the whole Spanish Monarchy to the House of Austria, joined now, under this very Pretence

to break the Measures of Peace: The Treatment which her Majesty met with at this time will appear in the cleared Light from this Circumstance: The Miiiifter of the States General proposed to her Majesty’s Servants, that, considering the Difficulties the Queen lay under; how impossible it was to recover by War, or by Treaty, the Spanish Monarchy from King Philip-, and how im-possible lie hkewile apprehended it to be, in the present Circunistances of Affairs, for her Majesty to carry any Negotiation on, by which this Monarchy should he left to Philip; he was ready to extricate her Majesty from this Dilemma, and to fereen her Ministers . in carrying on the Work which they had begun, in the Name of his Masters to present a Memorial, by which the Point of obtuitiing Spain, and the Indies (h add be given up, provided he might be assured, that the Dutch should have an equal Share with her Majesty’s Subjefcls in the AJJiento, which Contract he sup-poled it was stipulated should be made with Great Britain.

From

Ann. 14" Jprilis.

From the Causes, and by the Steps, which have been here mentioned, was the Disunion among the Allies arrived to the high'eft Pitch at the Opening of the Conferences in the Month of January 1714; when the ftrifleft Union amongst them was more than ever necessary, and when the whole Fruit of those Successes wherewith God had blessed their Cause, in the Course of the War, depended on it; They sent their several Plenipotentiaries to Utrecht; but it was very apparent, that most of them acted on that Maxim which one of them professed; that giving into the Measures of Peace was the surest way to continue the War: They flattered themselves, that the Imperial Ministers, in Conjunction with those of Britain, had, Two Years before, baffled the Designs of Holland to make Peace; and that it would be at lead as easy for the Ministers of the Emperor, in Conjunction with those of the States General, to render fruitless, at this time, all her Majesty’s Endeavours to the same End: After this, it will not appear surprising, if the utmost Dexterity was exerted to delay the entering on Business at UtreAil, and to Wait for the Event of the Campaign.

On the 29th January 1744-. the First general Conference was held between the Ministers of the Allies and those of France; and by the Beginning of April a Dispute was set on Foot concerning the Method of proceeding; which made all Treaty impracticable; and which was kept up till a Quarrel happening between one of the Plenipotentiaries of France,*n& One of those of the Suites, a new Obstruction was created, to take place, and answer the Ends of the First.

The French had made their Overtures in Writing, the Allies had likewise given in their Demands in Writing: A nd the Question arose. Whether the French were obi iged to give a speciGc Answer in Writing; or whether they should now proceed in the Negotiation, fcy debating with the several Allies, agreeably to the Method used in funner Congresscs.

By the Minutes of the Protocol, to which the French Ministers appealed, it appeared that they were under no such Obligation: But, between the ad April and the 5th, Count Zinzendorf had been at the where the

Resolution was taken to carry things to Extremity; that is, not to treat with the Ministers of the most Christian King, unless they gave an Answer in Writing: And Orders were accordingly sent by the States to their Plenipotentiaries: Tile Design Was laid, upon this, to have broke off all further Treaty; but this Deflgn was difap-poiuted by the Declaration which the French Ministers made on the 6th: That their Instructions allowed them to go no further than they had offered; but that they would write to the King their Master, to know his Pleasure: After which, during Three Months Time, there was not so much as any Step made on the Part of the Allies for an Answer from the French; though, at the same time, the Imperialists were pulhing to get the Congress broke, or, at least, her Majesty’s Ministers excluded.

In August the Second Obstruction took place; and that, trifling as the Occasion of it may seem, was so managed, that till the 30th N. S. 1744* the

Difficulty could not be overcome.

Ten Months having been loft at Utrecht, and the Success of the Campaign not having answered the Deflgn of those who projected the breaking off the Treaty by the Operations of the Army, the Ministers of the Allies made no further Difficulty to proceed in the very Method which her Majesty’s Plenipotentiaries had from the first advised: This Metlrod succeeded so well, that, in Two Months after the Negotiation was resumed, all the Par-tiesin the War made their Peace with France, except the Emperor, and the Empire; and the Ministers of these Powers had likewise broughttheir Disputes to so narrow aCompals, that, on the 15th May 1713, the only Difference between them was concerning the Marquisate of Burgaio, eftiinatedat the yearly Value of about 12,000 Crowns.

In this State of Things, Monsieur Kirchner, the last of thelmperial Ministers who continued at , left

Vol. 17.

57*

that Place; and the Emperor’s Resolution was declared of supporting that War, Angle, which, assisted by the Queen and the States, he had not been able to carry on with any tolerable Vigour.

It was from this time easy to foresee, that the Emperor intended to treat no more at; and that a separate

Negotiation between the Courts of Vienna and France, whenever it should happen, would not prove very advantageous to the Emperor, or. favourable to the Protestant Interest in Germany; of which her Majesty had taken early, and as Ihe hoped, effectual Care, by obliging France toconsent, that all things concerning the State of Religion in the Empire should be settled comformably to the Tenor of the Treaties of iVeJlphalia, in such manner, as to make it plainly appear, that the most Christian King neither would make, nor-would have made, any Alteration in the said Treaties: Thus Oneof the contracting Parties had already, in effect, yielded to the Abolition of that Clause in the 4th Article of the Treaty of Byfwick, so fatal to the Protestant Religion: And, if his Imperial Majesty had concluded his Treaty at Utrecht, it is hardly to be believed, that in the Midll of so many Allies, whose Blood had been Ihed, and whose Treasure had "been exhausterl, in his Cause, he would have refused to their Intercession, what France had complied with on the Angle Infiances of the Queen.

It has been already observed, that if the Allies, when the Congress at Utrecht was opened in the Beginning of the Year, had, in good earnest, gone about the several Treaties, the Peace might, in all Probability, have been made before the Armies could have taken the Field: It may be necessary here to observe the State of Affairs at a'nother Period of Time; and another Opportunity loft of treating with the greatest Advantage on our Side and with the greatest Probability of Succels.

On the 6th of June 1712 her Majesty communicated to both Housesof Parliament upon what Terms ageneral Peace might be made: Those who were against any Treaty, and who entertained Hopes, that the Sense of the Nation would not go along with her Majesty; and that Obstructions would arise, even in Britain, to the Couclufion of the Peace; might havefeen how vain those Expectations were, by the Returns which the Two Houses made to this Instance of her Majesty’s Conde-feension; by the Adurances they gave of their Confidence in her, and of their entire Relianceon her Wisdom to finifti this great and good Work; and by their humble Delire.that Ihe would please to proceed in the present Negotiations for obtaining a speedy Peace: Those who pretended only lo be against the Method of treating, and who were lond ofspecifick Preliminaries, had now the very thing which they desired; his most Christian Majesty having declared himself explicitly, and particularly, on the most important Points that were to be settled in the Treaties of Peace: The Queen was, even at that time, not under the least Obligation, but at full Liberty, to have proceeded in the Negotiation, or to have broke it off, according as the French had behaved themselves; but France was under the strongest Obligations to her Majesty, and, by her Majesty’s means, to the Allies; the Coiiceffious then made on the Part of France, were made without any Concession whatever on the Part of the Confederates.

If therefore they could, even then have been prevailed upon to unite with the Queen, and with one another, during a short Cessation of Arms, the general Peace might have been secured; or, if that had failed, we should have got, by the Cessation, into our Hands, a Place of greater Importance than we could have expected by the most successful Campaign to conquer: But, instead of applying themselves to improve this happy Conjuncture, the Ministers who met to treat of Peace seemed attentive only to what passed in the Field; and Utrecht seemed the Scene of no oilier Business than unnecessary Disputes concerning the Forms of proceeding, and Negotiations to accommodate Differences which the Quarrels of Servants had begun.

Front

Pence with Allies and France and Spain.

572 i4°~ 150 . A- 1714.

From this State of the several Treaties between her Majesty, her Allies, and France and Spain $ and by this Account of the general Negotiations of Peace; the Reasonableness of all the Steps her Majesty has taken, and those Designs which have been pursued, at first, to wrest the Negotiation out of her Hands, and, since, to unravel all that had been done, and to throw us into Confusion, will sufficiently appear.

The Copy of her Majesty’s Commission appointing Commissaries to treat with the French, dated the 13th of December 1713; and also the Copies of other Commissions appointing Commissaries in Matters of Trade, since the Year 1660; are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Committee. Ordered, That all Committees which were to meet this Evening, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 150 Aprilis;

13* Annae Reginte, 17x4.

Praters.

Fish f\R DERED, That it be an Instruction to the Gen-

caught bj C/ t)enaen W|1Q are to bring in a Bill upon the Petitions Foreigner*, presented to the House Yesterday, for the effectual prohibiting and preventing the Importation into England, Wtales, and Town of Berwick upon in any Ship or

Vessel whatsoever. any fresh Fish caught by Foreigners, That they do provide, in the Bill, against the taking Fish with any Nets of an illegal Size.

Highway Mr. Chetwynd reported from the Committee, who Traits, were appointed to inquire into the Management, and Application, of all Sums of Money which have been collected for repairing any particular Highways, by virtue of any Act of Parliament passed since her Majesty’s Accession to the Crown, That they had considered a Complaint made of the Badness of the Roads leading from Roy/lon, in the County of Cambridge, to Water Newton, in the County of Huntington, notwithstanding the re have been Three Turnpikes erected on the said lload ever since June 1710: and that the Committee

had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report, and Resolutions, were read; and are as follow; viz.

That Complaint was made to the said Committee, of the Badness of the Roads leading from in the County of Cambridge, to Water Newton, in the County of Huntington, notwithstanding the re have been Three

Turnpikes erected on the said Road ever since 1710:

Upon which, the Committee proceeded to the Examination of that Matter: And it appeared, by the Tellimony of Mr. Richard Harrison, Pollmaster of Caxton, who had been Receiver of Mr.

67afscock. and others, That, upon the First Eroding of the Toll-gate sou that Road, feme of the most ruinous Parts thereof were tolerably well repaired; but that the Commissioners appointed to put the Ad. in execution seldom met, though obliged to it, Four times, at lenft, in the Year; they being not able to constitute a Board without Three Commissioners of the County of Cambridge, and Three of the County of Huntington, which was found difficult to alienable: That tfiisDiscontinuance of Meeting caused a Stop to be put to the Working on the raid Roads; whereby those Parts which had been repaired became again ruinous, though the T oil continued to be collected.

That the Committee finds all, That thine has been very little Care in keeping the Accounts of the Incomes of the several Tolls, or the issuing the Money arising therefrom, towards repairing the said Roads: And that, by the continuing the Toll, and not repairing the Way, many Passengers, and Gangs of Pack-horses, have been 15

obliged to leave that Road, and travel other Ways; to the great Detriment of the Country.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the keeping up of the Three several Turnpikes at Kneefworlli, Cunnington, and Godmanchester, in the Counties of Cambridge and Huntington, the Roads being no better repaired, is a great Grievance to all Persons who are obliged to travel that Road.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the chief Reason why the said Act is not better executed, is, because a Board of Trustees qannot be formed without a Number thereof, living in Two different Counties, of Cambridge and Huntingt County

Three, meeting together; so that themofteffectualMeans for putting this Act in Execution will be, to restrain the Care of repairing and amending the said Roads to the Commissioners of Cambridge and Huntington, separately,

as they lie in the said Counties.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making more effectual the Act, of the Ninth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wandesford-bridge, in the County of Huntington :And that Mr. Chetioynd, Sir Matthew Dudley, and Mr. Pigot, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Earle presented to the House, according to Order, Bristol Poor, a Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the 7th and 8 th Y'ears of the Reign of his late Majesty King Wm. IIP, intituled, An Act for erecting Hol'pitals and Work-houses within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof:

And the same was read the First time.

Resolved^That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. HortWctt presented to the House, according to Or- Two-third» der, a State of the Deficiency on the Two-thirds Subsidy: Subsidy.

And the Title thereof was read.

The said State is as follows; viz.

xoth Apr. 1714.

A State of the Deficiency upon the Act, passed in the 3d Year of lier Majesty’s Reign, for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported, commonly called the Subsidy, granted for Four Years, from 8th March 1704, and continued for Three Years further; viz.

The net Produce of the said Subsidy, s.

and the Arrears thereof, into the Ex-, chequer, between 8th March 1704 and xoth April 1714 ... -693,871 11 6

Whereof paid, in Partof£636,957.

4f. od.iPrincipal - - - -553.237 xo

Paid, for Interest thereof - - 139,629 7 8

Remain in the Exchequer on Tenth April 1714 ----- 4 13

692,871 11 6

The Principal lent, utfupra -636,957 4 — f

Principal repaid, utfupra- -553.237 10 2$

Principal deficient ... 83,719 13 10.

Memorandum: There is due for Interest, per Eft filiation, as per the Exchequer Certificate - 5,022 — —

Total - - 88,741 13 10

Which, in Obedience to her Majesty’s Command, upon an Address of this honourable House, is humbly presented, per Jf>

These are to certify, That there is deficient upon an, A ft, passed in the Third and Fourth Years of her Majesty’s Reign, for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported,

commonly

i3 Ann. 15*<S° JpriHs. 573

commonly called |ds Tonrtafe, id c. 1705, the Principal Sum of Eighty-three thousand Seven hundred and Nineteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence, besides Interest; which, by Estimate, may amount to Five thousand and Twenty-two Pounds; which makes the whole Deficiency to be Eighty-eight thousand Seven hundred Forty-one Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence.

In the Absence of my Lord is certified by

Exchequer, Wm. Clayton.

10th Apr. 1714.

Ordered, That theiaid State be referred to the Confederation of the felett Committee, to whom the several Estimates and Accounts relating to the Supply granted to her Majesty are referred.

Protestant The Order of the Day was read, for the House to

Successioo. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation with regard to the Protestant Suocefiion.

Ordered, That the several Papers which have been laid before the House, relating to the Pretender’s being removed out of the Duke of Lorrain's Dominions; to the Negotiations of Peace; to the Demolition of Dunkirk; and to PafTports granted to Persons outlawed or attainted; be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Freman took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Freman reported from the Committee, That they had come to some Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Freman also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation, with regard to the Protestant Succession.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees which are to meet this Evening be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V enerts, 16* Afrilis;

Anno 13* Annas Reginas, 1714.

Praters.

Tobacco rpHE House being informed, That some of the Trade. X Commissioners of the Customs attended;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House their Return to an Order, of the 12th Instant, for their laying before the House the Representations which they have received from the Traders to Virginia, relating to the Buying up of damaged and bad Tobacco.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Return was read.

The Return is as follows; viz.

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled;

The Commissioners of her Majesty’s Customs having received an Order of this honourable House, of the 12th Instant, directing, That the Representations which they have received from the Traders in Virginia, relating to the buying up. damaged and bad Tobacco, should be laid before, them; the said Commissioners do humbly acquaint this honourable House, That they have 17-

received a Letter from Mr. Edward flrff, ‘One of the Collectors in Virginia, dated the isth of last,

informing them, That there are Directions given to the Agents and Factors there, from IheOttt-ports, North Britain, and London, for purdbafing Tobacco; and for

receiving none other than Trash, discoloured, and unmerchantable, fudh as, before they encouraged it, was flung away, and never packt; which said Letter also takes notice. That the Council of Virginia have tfan-ftnitted a Memorial to the Lords of Trade and Plantations, relating to the said Evil, as appears by the Extract of the said Letter hereto annext; which tlhe Coto-mHfioners thought it their Duty humbly to lay before this honourable House, and pray Leave to be referred thereto: And they having obtained, from the Lord Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, a Copy of the said Representation, it appears therein, That Hie laid Council of Virginia do desire and propose, to the end all Frauds may be discouraged, that all damaged Tobacco, which pays no Duty to the Queen, nor yields any Profit to the Importers, may be destroyed: Which is humbly Submitted.

Gibbon,

Custom-house, London, J.

14th April 1714. m.soit,

Jo.

Extract of a Letter to the Commissioners of the Cnf-toms, from Mr. Edward Hill, Collector of the Customs in the Upper District of James River, in Virginia’, dated 15th October 1713.

I beg Leave to inform your Honours, That, of latfe, the Out-ports, and North Britain, nay, London itself, has given Directions to their Agents and Factors Wife purchasing Tobacco, to receive none other than TraSfi, discoloured, and unmerchantable; such as, before they encouraged it, was flung away, and never packt: We could not but wonder such Tobaccoes should answer any Profit, when we found, that the belt We sent brought us oftentimes in Debt.

’Tis now no longer a Mystery; and we are informed, That such discoloured Tobacco, when it comes for England, or North Britain, is all allowed for Damage, and so no Custom paid; in which, the Ships beitfg their own, they find their Account.

The Council of Virginia having in their Memorial to the Lords for Trade and Plantations mentioned this Evil in particular, I presume that will be Inducement sufficient for your Honours to believe the Fact; else would have been very easy to have produced particular Instances.

I only have just mentioned this Evil, that your Honours may be apprised of it.

Ex. Cha. Cdrkejfe, Secretary.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Leominster tions be difehairged from proceeding upon the Petition Election, of John Dutton Colt Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford: And that the said Mr. Colt have Leave to withdraw his Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highwafy, or Road, Worcester from the City of Worcester to the Borough of Roed.

in the County of Worcester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Highway, or Road, from the City of Worcester to the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Sir John Pakington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

The House being informed. That the Sheriffs of the City of London attended;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House m Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, *" and Common Council of the City of London.

7 G And

Aliens

Goods.

llalf-pay

Officers.

KenTmgton

Roads.

Protestant

Succession.

Aprilis. A. 1714.

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Drawback whole House, to whom the Bill for lessening the Draw- 00 Tobacco, back on Tobacco carried into Irelandwas committed,

be received upon Monday Morning next.

574 16* — 17°

And then they withdrew.

And the Petition was read; setting forth. That, by ancient Laws, Aliens and Strangers are liable to pay Customs for all Merchandizes imported into this Realm; and, for securing thereof, several Laws was made against Englishmens colouring Aliens Goods, and entering them in their Names, to obviate which, every Person, on4his Admission to Freedom, takes an Oath against the Doing thereof; That several Foreigners, not being under an Oath, as Freemen are, have, on purpose to defraud her Majesty, and this City of those Customs, and still do enter Aliens Goods in their Names, to the great Decay ofsaid Customs, and Revenues of this City: And praying, That, for the future, all Merchants, and others, passing inwards, may be obliged to take an Oath, That the said Merchandizes do not belong to any Alien; and, upon Refusal, to be deemed Aliens Goods.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Withers, Sir Richard Hoar, Sir John CaJJe, and Mr. Gore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gwyn presented to the House, by her Majesty’s Command, pursuant to their Address, a Regimental Lift of the Half-pay Officers for the Year 1714: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of Half-pay to the Officers of the Land Forces, and Marines, for the Year 1714:

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Regimental 'Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Estimate of the Charge of Half-pay be referred to the Consideration of the (elect Committee, to whom the several Estimates and Accounts, relating to the Supply granted to her Majesty, are referred.

The said Regimental Lift, and Estimate of the Charge of Half-pay, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and amending the Highways from Kensington Town to Colnebrook and Stayncs, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Freman reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the State of the Nation, with regard to the Protestant Succession, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the.Clerk’s Table: Where they were read, and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Protestant Succession in the House of Hanover, is in no Danger under her Majesty’s Government.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, humbly to address her Majesty, returning the Thanks of the House to her Majesty for the Instances flie has used for Removal of the Pretender from the Dominions of the Dukp of and humbly desiring her Majesty to inlist upon, and renew her Instances for his speedy Removal from thence.

The First Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, returning her the humble Thanks of this House for the Instances (he has used for the Removal of the Pretender from the Dominions of the Duke of Lorrain; and humbly desiring her Majesty to infill upon, and renew, her Instances for his speedy Removal from thence.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her

Resolved, Th&t this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to meet Committe«. this Afternoon be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 170 Aprilis;

Anno 13* Annie Regina;, 1714.

0R D E R E D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Lticcft.r rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Leicester, in the room of Sir George Beaumont Baronet; who, since his Election for the said Borough hath accepted the Office of One of the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Exporting Council, of the City of Exon, and of the Mailer, War- Wool, dens, and Assistants, of the Incorporation of Weavers,

Fullers, and Shearmen, within the same, on the behalf of themselves and many Thousands of others in the said City, and Parts adjacent, trading in the Woollen Manufactures, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Quantities of Yarn are carried from Ireland to foreign Parts, by reason of the Cheapness of Spinning the re, and Ease in carrying it off, lying in much less Room, and no such Security required for that as for Wool; by which Means the 'Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom may be as effectually ruined as by the Running of Wool; for Prevention whereof a Bill is now depending: And praying. Care may be taken to prevent the Running IrifiYarn, and combed Wool.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preventing the Running of Wool, is committed.

Ordered, That the Commissioners appointed by her Lands uk« Majesty to inquire into the Damage sustained by the for Owners of Lands, which have been found necessary to Portsmouth, be made use of for the Fortifications at Portsmouth, ^actjo^nnui‘ Chatham, and Hartvich, do lay before this House an Account of their Proceedings in the Execution of that Commission.

ThC House being moved, That the Copy of the Com- Commission million constituting Sir Joj'eph Martyn, James Murray Esquire, and others, Commissaries to treat with Comminaries of France for settling the Trade between Great Britain and France, be now read;

Ordered,

Ordered, That the Lord Hinchinbroke be added to Royston, tc. the Gentlemen who are to prepare, and bring in, the ft®*4*- Bill for making more effectual an Act of the Ninth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wandesford-bridge, in the County of Huntington.

Prayers.

i3 Ann.

i7® — it)0 Aprilis.

575

Ordered, That the said Copy be now read.

The Journal of the lift of February 1701, relating to Sir Henry Furness j and,

The Journal of the 26th of November 1708, relating to Anthony Hammond Esquire; and,

The Journal of the 14th of February 1711, relating Sir Henry Ballafyfe; were read.

Ordered, That the Commission constituting the said Sir Joseph Martyn, James Murray Esquire, and others, Commissaries, be now read.

The Copy of the said Commission, dated the 13th of December 1713; and also,

The Copy of the Commission to the Lord Culpeper and others, dated the 21st of June 1674; were read.

Address on A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Baron Price,

toncluiion of and Mr. Justice Powys junior: the Peace. Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to an humble Address to be presented to her Majesty: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then they withdrew.

And the Address was twice read.

Ordered, That the Messengers be called in; and acquainted, that this House will consider of the Address sent from the Lords; and will fend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were accordingly called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- gtockbridge tions be discharged from proceeding upon the Petition Election. of James Barry Earl of Barrymore, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Sir Richat'd Vernon Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Stock bridge, in the County of Southampton-, and that the said Petitioners have Leave to withdraw their Petition.

Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the House, That Answer t» their Address had been presented to her Majesty, re- Addref*. turning her the humble Thanks of this House for the Instances (he has used for Removal of the Pretender from the Dominions of the Duke of Lorrain; and humbly desiring her Majesty to insist upon, and renew, her Instances for his speedy Removal from thence; and that her Majesty was pleased to return this Answer,

That die will insist upon and renew her Instances, as this House desires.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 190 Aprilis;

Anno 13* Annae Reginas, 1714.

Prayers.

S\R D ERED, That Sir Wm. Hardress be added Fish caught to the Gentlemen who are to prepare, and bring by Foreign-

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That (he will be pleased to give Directions,

That the Treaties of Peace and Commerce between her Majesty and the King of Spain:and the Instructions

given to her Majesty’s Ambassadors thereupon; together ever> anyfrelh Fish caught by Foreigners.

with the Copies of the King of S/wn’s Ratifications of the said Treaties; and the Preliminaries signedVv the

in, the Bill for the effectual prohibiting and preventing *rs* the Importation into EnglandWales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any Ship or Vessel whatso-

and the Preliminaries fig:

Lord Lexington, and the Marquis of Bedmar, at Madrid-, and all other Agreements and Stipulations which have been made concerning the Commerce between Great Britain and Spain; may be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That (lie will be pleased to give Directions,

That an Account may be laid before this House, what Engagements or Guaranty her Majesty has entered into, by virtue of any Treaty with any foreign Prince or State, since the Year 1710.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That (lie will be pleased to give Directions*

That an Account may be laid before this House, what Company; be referred to the Consideration of the Com-Instances have been made by her Majesty, for the re- mittee of the whole House, who are to consider further storingto the Catalans their ancient Privileges; and all of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Letters relating thereto.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Dunstablt making more effectual an Act, passed in the Ninth Year Roads, oflier Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockley, in the County of Bedford, is committed, have Leave to fit in a Morning, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Petition of Joseph Martyn, and Nevis and St. others, in behalf of themselves and others. Sufferers, and christopher's Agents for Sufferers, by the late Invasion of the French Sufferers, in the island of Nevis, and&. Christopher's; and the Rea-fons humbly offered by the Directors of the South Sea Company, why the said Sufferers could not be admitted to subscribe their Debentures into the Stock of the said

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will, upon 'Thursday Morning next, take into further Consideration the Message this Day sent from the Lords.

Exporting

Wool.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- by their Nearness to the Ports of &c

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Running of Wool.

Publication Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-of Libels, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of her Majesty’s Speech which relates to the suppressing seditious Libels, and the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. tactious Rumours. And it is referred to Mr. Worth, Mr. Quick, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Warr, Sir

Protestant Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Jacob Banks, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Clayton, Mr. luccelbon. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Orchard, Mr. Shackerley, Sir Chri/lo. Mu/grave, Mr.

House to consider further of the State of the Nation, Mr. Secretary Bromley, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Ed-

with regard to the Protestant Succession. wards. Sir Harvey Elves, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Phelipps,

Mr. Earl, Mr. Drew, Mr. Northmore, Mr. Gwyrm, Mr. Vol. 17. Bulteel,

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Assistants, of the Borough of; as also of the

Merchants, Clothiers, and others, employed in the Woollen Manufacture in the said Borough; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a Bill for opening the Port of Watchett would be of great Advantage by the Importation and receiving Wool

from Ireland: That.....at the Places in the North-

weft Part of the said County, have great Advantages,

and

those in Somerset, above Bridgeioater, have the like Benefit: And praying their Manufactory may be encouraged, by giving Leave to bring in a Bill to make the said Town of Watchett a staple Port.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Allegations of the said Petition; and report

Watchett

Port.

§7$ Aprilis. 714.

Bulled, Mr. Py/Zr, Mr. MuJ^rave, Mr. Lowndes, Mr, Bromley, Sir Robert Davers, % \r. Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Stephens; and pll that serve for the Counties of Devon, Somerset, and the Sep Ports: ^nd they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

'Vatchett A Petition ofttye Merchants, Clothiers, Traders, and

I’urt* other Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of , in

the County of Somerset; and also of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Clothiers, and Tradesmen, of the Parts thereunto adjacent; was presented to the House, and read: letting forth, That the said Town and Port is very convenient for the importingWool from Ireland, and divers of the Northern Parts of England, lying near the River Seveme:And praying Leave to bring in a Rill for making the said Port a free and staple Port.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Assistants, of the Borough of Tiverton, is referred.

Ditto. A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and other of the Inhabitants, of the Borough and Town of Mine-head, in the County of Somerset in the behalf of themselves, and many Thousand others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Manor and Borough, Sic. of Minehead do belong to Mr. Alexander

Lultrell, or Mr. Fran.; and, for the better

maintaining the said Port, Two Acts were lately granted, on certain Duties on Goods imported into said Harbour; but since made a commodious Harbour, by Mr. trell’s Family, to the Advantage of Trade in general to this Kingdom; but should the Trade be carried therefrom, would be choked up, and Ships of Burthen, failing in the Channel, to and from Bristol, Bridgewater, See. will want a Port to harbour in tempestuous Weather: And praying the said Trade to Minehead may he continued, an4 Watchett remain a Creek to Minehead.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Assistants, of the Borough of Tiverton, is referred.

Ditto. A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Towns of Dunfiar, Carhampton, and Wythycombe, in the County of Somerset, together with the Traders and Labourers concerned the Woollen Manufactures, was presented to the ouse, and read; setting forth, That the Port, Harbour, Manor, Sic. do belong to Two Infants, Sons of

der Lultrell, of Dunjlar Gajlle, Esquire, deceased; who have laid out great Sums ill repairing and amending the said Port and Harbour; but some Traders, to evade the Payment of some Customs due to the Family, do endeavour to carry off the Trade from the said Town of Minehead, and to make Watchett a Staple Port; which will impoverish the Inhabitants thereof, and Parts adjacent; and be of no Advantage to her Majesty, nor Benefit to the Trade of this Kingdom: And praying the Trade to Minehead may be continued and supported; and that Watchett may Hill remain a Creek.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Assistants, of the Borough of Tiverton, is referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Meant. Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Regulating Mr. Gtoynn presented to the House, according to Or-

Laod Forcw. a Bill for the better regulating the Forces, to be continued in her Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters: And the same was received.

Resolved, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning, Mr. Finch, presented to the House, according to »4

Order, a Bill for repairing and amending the Highways Southwark from the Stones End, in the Borough of Southwark, to to Kingstoac Croydon, Sutton, and KingJtone,\n the County of Surry: Road*.

And the same was received.

Sir Tho. Crosse reported from the select Committee, to Committee whom the several Estimates and Accounts relating to 00 Estimate* the Supply granted to her Majesty were referred. That and Arrear* they had considered the Estimate of the Charge in the Office of her Majesty's Ordnance for Land Service, to them referred; and had directed him to report the Matter, relating the reunto, to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee proceeded upon the Estimate of the Charge in the Office of her Majesty’s Ordnance for Land Service; and examined the several Heads therein contained; and thought the said Estimate reasonable; which amounts to the Sum off. 55,281 i6j. o

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Estimate of the Charge in the Office of Ordnance be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Sir Thomas CroJfealfo reported from the said feleftCom-

mittee, That they had considered the State of the Deficiency of the Two-thirds Subsidy, to them referred; and had directed him to report the Matters, relating the reunto, to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as follows;

That the Committee took into Consideration the State of the'Deficiency upon the Act, made in the Third Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for granting a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported, called the Two-thirds Subsidy, granted for Four Years from the Eighth of March 1704, and continued for Three Years further:

That it appeared, by the Account referred to the Committee, that the net Produce of the said Subsidy, between the 8th of March 1704, and the 10th of April 1714, amounts to £. s. d. the Sum of - - - 692,871 ij 6

That there was lent upon the Credit of the said Fund, in Principal Money ... - 636,957 4 -t

Of which there has been repaid - 553,237 10

Which makesthePrincipaldeficient 83,719 13 10 To which said Deficiency most be added what is due for Interest; which, by Estimation, amounts to - - 5,022 ——

Then the whole Deficiency upon the said Act, as appears by a Certificate, signedbyMr. Clayton, in the Absence of the Auditor of the Exchequer, amounts to the Sum of ... 88,741 13 10

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the State of the Deficiency be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Brydges presented to the House, by her Majesty’s Hanoveriaa Command, pursuant to their Address for that Purpose, Troop*, a State of the Demands of his Highness the Elector of Hanover, upon Account of his Troops, which were in her Majesty’s Pay and Service in the Low Countries:

And the Title thereof was read.

The

i3 Ann.

i 90- — 20°

577

Answer to Addresses.

Proposals of Peace signed by Marquis 4e Torcy.

The laid State is as follows;

A STATE of the Demandsof his Highness the Elec* for of Hanover, upon Account of his Troops, who were

in her Majesty’s Pay and Service in the Low Countries.

To complete the ordinary Pay of the Body of io, poo Men, of the Troops of and the Regiment of Hanover Dragoons, commanded by Baron Bothmar, wldch served in the Low to the

TVb of July 1712, the Day on which they separated from the British Army, £. s. d. J. 433,802 Gil. 10 St. which, at/. 10 10 make in Sterling - - - -41,31410 6

For One Month’s March-money for the Corps of 10,000 Men,/. 215,702 Gil.

18 j which, at /. 10 10 to the Pound,

makes ----- - 20,543 2 8

For One Months March-money for the Regiment of Bothmar, 11,200; which, at 10 Gil. 10 makes - - 1,066 13 4

For the Extraordinaries of the said Troops, according to authentick Certificates, f.22,030 3; which, at/. 10 10

to the Pound, makes in Sterling - - 2,098 2 a

Total - - £.65,022 8 8

/. Bjydges.

Ordered, That the said State be referred to the Consideration of thefeleft Committee, to whom the several Estimatesand Accounts, relating to the Supply granted to her Majesty, are referred.

Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the House, That their Addresses of Saturday last had been prefen ted to her Majesty; and . that her Majesty had given Directions accordingly.

Refhived, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That flie will be pleased to give Directions, That a Copy of the Proposals of Peace, signed by the Marquis de Torcy, in April 1711, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

for the Borough of Slockbridge, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Richard Steele Esquire, expelled this House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of Drawback the whole House, to whom the Bill for lessening the Tobacco. Drawback upon Tobacco, carried into Ireland, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout: And then the First Amendment, as to the Commencement of the Bill on the 24th of March, was read a Second time:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f Sir Cha'

1 eilers for the Xeas, Hcyj IO*

Tellers for the Noes J Sir Heniy 1IO

letters for the lNoes,jMr Phelipj1 IO*

The Votes being equal, Mr. Speaker declared, That hewas against the Retrospect; and therefore declared for the Yeas.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put, thereupon, agreed unto by the House:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom- Supply,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her*

Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martts, 20° die Apr ills; Anno 13* Ann® Reginae, 1714.

oa

Commission hr appointing Commis-ianes.

The House resumed the Consideration of the Commission granted to Sir Joseph Martyn, James Murray Esquire, and other Commissaries, to treat with Commissaries of France, for settling the Trade between Great Britain and France:

And the Copy of the Commission to the Earl of Sunderland, and others, dated May 1 ith, 1687, was read: And several Clauses of the Act, of the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government; and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line; were read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Office of the Commissaries, who are appointed by her Majesty’s Commffion, dated the 13th Day of December 1713, to treat with Commissaries from France, upon Matters of Commerce between the Two Kingdoms, is a new Office, created or erected since the 25th Day of October 1705;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^' ^{Z’ley: j"5'

Tellers for the Noes,* ]189‘

So it passed in the Negative.

Stockbridge Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament Vol, 17.

Prate rs.

AP ETITIO N of Dorothy Relict of Waicbett

Alexander Luttrell Esquire, and foie Guardian of PorU Alexander Luttrell and Francis Luttrell, her Two Sons, and Infants, and so nominated and appointed by the lait Will and Testament of the said Alexander Luttrell, the Father, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Ancestors of the said In7 fants have expended betwen £. 5 and 6,000 in building and repairing the Quay and Harbour of with-

out any Charge to the Crown, but to the great Benefit of Trade and Navigation; and, notwithstanding Twq Acts for granting certain Duties on Goods imported into the said Harbour, for Repair thereof, the Family are since out upwards of £.2,800, and not yet completed; And praying a Bill may not pass, in Prejudice of the Petitioner’s Infants, and Family; and to be heard against the Petitioners Bill for Watchett.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Assistants, of the Borough of Tiverton, is referred.

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Af- Ditto, fistants, of the Town of Taunton, in the County of So-merfet, together with the Clothiers, Serge-makers, and Labourers, in the Woollen Manufactures, of the Town, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there has been a settled Correspondence between this Town and Minehead, to the -

7II great

57& 20° Aprilis. A. 17x4.

great Advantage of Trade j and that by the

vail Expence of Luttrell's Family, is become the safest dry Pier in Great Britain; and that the Petitioners cannot foresee any Advantage will accrue, by making Watchct a ilaple Port: And praying the Bill may not pass, in Prejudice of the Trade of Minehead; but that Watchet may remain a Creek.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Assistants, of the Borough of Tiverton, is referred.

Watchet A Petition of the Gentlemen, and principal Inhabi-P«rt tants, of the Town and Parish of in Devon,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Opening of Watchet Port, in , for the

bringing in Irish Wool, would be of considerable Advantage to the Trade of this Town, confiding chiefly in Woollen Manufactures; the Carriage of Wool from thencebeing easier for the Petitioners, than from

head: And praying a Bill may be brought in, for opening the said Port.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Aflifiants, of the Borough of Tiverton, \s referred.

Earl of A Petition of John Barnes, Abraham Harrison, and

Ranelagh'* Robert Petre, in behalf of themselves, and many others, the Creditors of the Right honourable Richard Earl of Ranelagh, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Earl, having, for many Years, executed the Office of Paymaster General, died before his final Accounts were made up; and, at such his Death, was indebted considerably to the Petitioners; and that, since his Death, the Barons of the Exchequer have ordered Writs of D ’to be issued,

for extending the said Earl's Estate; whereby the Petitioners will lie deprived of all means to recover their just Debts; and many of them, with their Families, be intirely ruined: And praying a Bill may be brought in, for Sale of the said Earl’s Estate at Ckelfea and

bome, in Middlesex and Berks; and the Money arising to be placed at Interest, for securing what due to the Crown upon the Determination of the said Earl’s final Accounts, if any such appear; and after to satisfy the just Debts due to the Petitioners according to the uiual Course of Administration.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Medlycott, Sir Gilbert Dolben, and Sir Thomas Crojfe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

lymer’s, &c. A Bill to naturalize James Eymer, and others, was NlU* read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Powell, Sir Jacob Aftley, Sir John Mor daunt, Mr. Mor-

gan, Mr. Griffith, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Sibthorp, Mr

bridge, Sir Tho. Crojfe, General Ecklyn, Mr. IVykes, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Bruere, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Quick, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Mr.

Jones, Sir Edward Williams, Sir John Rogers, Mr. Neioiigate, Mr. Willson, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Colonel Grahm, Mr. Elfon, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Newlatid, Mr. Johnes: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Horse* uf.'d A Petition of John Whitmarsh, James Waddall, by Waggon- mundWhite, Jonathan Taverner, and Edmund Staples,

*" Waggon-carriers, on behalf of themselves, and other

Waggon-carriers travelling to the several Parts of this Kingdom, was offered to the House, for having the Act, of the Ninth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, explained, so as they may have the Use of a Seventh Horse, to assist their Six Horses in drawing their Waggons.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill for the better regulating the Forces to be con- Regulating tinued in her Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment Land Forcw, of the said Forces, and of their Quarters; was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, 'presented to the Win# Mer-House a Bill for the Relief of the Wine-merchants, in Payment of their Bonds: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Gilbert Dolben, according to Order, reported from Southwark the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, £* "" as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report, and-Resolutions, were read: and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir George Mathew Knight, and Samuel Rush Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of John Lade and Fiffier Tench Esquires to serve for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Inhabitants, paying Scotland Lot.

That the Poll was;

792 for Mr. Lade:

770 for Mr. Tench:

7a t for Sir Geo. Mathew:

710 for Mr. Rush.

That the Petitioners Counsel objected Bribery, and indirect Practices, in the-Sitting Members; and that the Bailiff had refused several of the Petitioners Voters: To prove which they called,

Jonathan Horton: Who said he is no Voter; but was employed by one Newhouse, to find out Persons that had been bribed in this Election: That one Gregory offered him, that Mr. Bartlet, who acted for kite Sitting Members, should give him 20 or 30 Pieces to quit Mr.

Ruffs Interest, and this Inquiry: That Reynolds told him. He had Thirty Shillings to vote for the Sitting Members: and Coates told him, he had a Guinea to vote for the same Side; but he did not know whether Cotes voted.

William Reynolds said. That he voted for the Sitting Members, and had no Money for his Vote, but he offered Mr. Rush to give Evidence, that one Morgan forgave him a Debt for it j to which Mr. Rush answered.

That would not be Bribery; thereupon he offered to say,

Morgan gave him Thirty Shillings; and Mr. re-

plied. That would do very well; and bid him give full Evidence against the Sitting Members; telling him. He need not swear it, but only come to the House of Commons, and say so; for they dealt all upon Honour there: Mr. Rush told him. He should be kindly dealt with for it: And he has been, since his Voting, taken off Fourteen Shillings a Year in the Window Tax, which Neivhouse had promised should be done, for his being an Evidence.

Richard Whitcombe said, That Reynolds told him,

Morgan gave him Thirty Shillings, in Goods pawned; and Wm. Ashcroft told him, That King, a Distiller, promised him Fifty Shillings: And they laid, It was for their Votes for the Sitting Members; else they had voted for the Petitioners.

Mr. Richard Jones said, He was prefect when came to Mr. Ruffi his House, and offered to testify he had Thirty Shillings given him; and said. He wanted a Hat and Perriwig to appear in: To which Mr. Rush

answered.

13 Ann. zq° Aprilis 57a

answered, His Wig would do well enough, if he combed it 5 and hesupposed he would not weara Hat before the Committee.

Charles Coates said, He had a Guinea offered, to vote for the fitting Members; but he neither voted, nor took the Money.

Charles P ley dwell said, Coates offered to vote for the Petitioners for Two Guineas; and said. He had been offered One Guinea for the Sitting Members.

Joseph Biddell said. That Samuel , who all

along declared for (he Petitioners, said, He voted for the Sitting Members, because Three Pounds was spent at his House; and Mr. Lade once gave him Three Crowns above his Reckoning.

John Breadfell and John Bafcombe said, That Ashcroft

declared. That King gave him a Note of his Hand for $oJh. to vote for the Sitting Members; else he had voted for the Petitioners.

George Nicholls said, That Ashcroft. told him. King allied him to vote for the Sitting Members; and he answered. He would not, unless King paid him Five Pounds he owed him; upon which King threw down a Guinea, and said, He should never have that, unless he voted: And that Sir Charles Cox, who voted for the Sitting Members, said. He would undertake he should be paid the Five Pounds, and bid him go and vote.

Wm. Winter said. He would have voted for the Petitioners; but voted for the Sitting Members, because Hall, Curl, and Dean, their Agents, promised to lend him Two-thirds of Twenty Pounds for a Year, without Interest; but, after his Vote, he could not get the Money: And that John Taylo, who is since dead, told him, a Fortnight after the Election, That he believed it was in his Power to lend him too if he would not appear to give Evidence; but he answered. He had been so tricked by the Party already, he would not do it for /. 1,000: That the Three Agents desired him to conceal their Offer, left they should suffer for it.

Sir Isaac Shard said, That Ten Days before the Election, lie heard Mr. Tench say, at Wyatt's Coffee-house, That he had been fuccetsful in all his Matters, and would not lose the Election for Ten thousand Pounds.

Richard Loire, Cook, said. That when Mr. Lade asked his Vote, he answered. He could not be for him; for he understood he had left the Church, and was gone over to the Dissenters: To which Mr. Lade replied. The Churchmen are all Rogues; they had been so to him; that the Dissenters could not be so false as the Churchmen had been; and that he did not care who voted for him, so he got into the House:

That he has loft a great deal of Business upon Mr. Lade's Account; once for voting for him, when be was of the Church Side; and afterwards for voting for him, when he was not of the Church Side: And that the Treasurer of St. Thomas'sHospital threatened he should

lose their Business, if he did not vote for him now; and he was told he should lose their Business, if he

came here.

Francis West said, His Sifter was threatened to be turned out of St. Thomas’s Hospital, if he voted against Mr. Lade; and therefore he did not poll, though he had promised the Petitioners.

Henry Wickcnden said, That upon the 15th of last, one Sarah Harris desired Silver of him for 18 Guineas: That, suspecling the Guineas, he weighed them, and found them a great deal too light, and they appeared to be filed; upon which he carried her before Mr. Lade; where (hedeclared ihe had the Guineas from

Mrs. Perth, a Pawnbroker in Farthing-ally j upon which Mr. Lade said, Perth, her Husband, was a good Sort of a Man; but granted a Warrant to search their Houses; and Harris, and Mrs. Perth, and her Husband, being brought before him, and Mr. Tench, the W itness swore he had the Guineas from Sarah Harris-, the swore ihe had them from Mrs. Perth-, who confessed the Delivery of them to Harris: Upon which Mr. said, Mrs. Perth must find Bail, or go to Gaol; but after-Vu l. 17.

Wards he let her go, upon bet* Hatband's Word for her Appearance the next Tuesday: At which time the Witness demanded of Mr. Lade, if ihe Was forthcoming; he answered, She was not: but, if the Witness had the Guineas, he was safe: That this Matter lay thus till January; when Mr. Rush and Mi*. Meggolt, upon Information of it, committed Mrs. Perth i

That Mr. Perth voted for the Sitting Members.

Edward Beale said, That he tendered his Poll for the Petitioners; but was refilled, without any Reason; and that he pays to Church and Poor; and his Name is id the Poors Book,

Mr. Whitcombe said. That the Bailiff refused several Persons for the Petitioners; and admitted others, in the same Circumstances, for the Sitting Members:

That he refused Thomas Leach, a Miller, in St. George’s Fields-, who rents £.30 a Year, because he did not pay to Church and Poor; and also refused Joseph Ovialts, because his Name was not in the Poor-rate; though he pays the Rate in the place of his Wife’s Father, who paid it before: The Miller and Ovialts tendered their Poll for the Petitioners; but the Bailiff refused them; though he had admitted others, in worse Circumstances, for the Sitting Members, who did not rent above £.10 a Year; and did not pay to Church and Poor:

That, upon this Refusal, the Petitioners declared to the Bailiff’, They would trouble him no farther, but refer their same to the House of Commons; and protected against his Proceeding: Whereupon the Poll broke up:

That Ninety-four Persons, whose Names he had in a List, were then coming to the Poll, and were hindered voting by this Proteliation: They all paid to the Poor; had promised to be for the Petitioners; but he did not fee more than Two of them tender their Poll to the Bailiff.

That, to justify the Poll, and prove Bribery in the Petitioners; the Sitting Members Counsel called,

Joseph Skinner: Who said. The Poll was adjourned to Eight a Clock the Third Day, and not opened till Two Hours after: The Bailiff staid for the Petitioners; and several polled for them that Day.

ITm. Baly and Nathan Hall said, They Were present when the Miller came to the Poll: That Mr. Tench denied his Poll; Mr. Ru/h demanded it; and upon the Miller’s declaring he did not pay to Church and Poor, the Bailiff said. He was not a pollable Man; and that he durst not poll him: Whereupon Mr. said, We have no Business to stay longer here: This is-what was wanting; Sir George, let us go; we will seek Redress else where.

John Burnham said, That he voted for the Sitting Members; but was offered a Guinea, by one Pocock, to vote for the Petitioners.

Edward Freeman said, He voted for the Petitioners, because Mr. Isaac Chilly lent him Four Pounds, on his own Note, payable upon Demand.

Samuel Cooke said. He was promised to be taken off the Poors Book, if he voted for the Petitioners: He desired to be for who he would: And, instead of taking him off, they have doubled him.

That the Sitting Members Counsel infilled upon their Majority; and objected to Sir George Mathew's Qualification: That in the Rental given in for such Qualification, amounting to £.314 per Annum, a House and Lands at Tioickenham in valued at £.160 per Annum, are not of that Value: And they called,

Timothy Child, the Collector of the Land Tax for Twickenham Parish: Who said, That the said House and Lands, in the Time of Serjeant Ryley, the former Owner, were rated to the Land Tax at Thirty Pounds per Annum, on)y -, and that, now, that House and Lands, with the additional Purchases, are rated together to the Land Tax at £.53 iojt. per; and were never

rated for more; and that all Sir George Mathew's

Elutes

South watk

Lledioa*

580 20

Estates, in that Parish, are included in that Rate': And lie produced the Assessment to the Land Tax wherein Sir Geo. Mathew appeared to be so rated.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to thele Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Lade Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

Rtj'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That l'i/herTench Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Southwark.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir George Mathew Knight is not duly elected a Burgcls to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Southwark.

Rejblvcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Samuel Rush Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Southwark,

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the late Election for the said Borough of Southwark is a void Election.

Hraeklty Sir Gilbert Dolben, according to Order, reported from fteftion. the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Brackley, in the county of ,

and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report, and Resolutions, were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petitions of John Burgh and Henry Watkins Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Paul Methuen, and the honourable Wm. Eger/on, Esquires, to serve for the Borough of Brack ley, in the County of Northampton,

That the Toll was thus:

19 for Mr. Methuen.

18 for Mr. Eger ton:

14 for Mr.

13 for Mr. Watkins:

That the Petitioners Counsel infilled, That the Right of Election for this Borough is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses.

That the Sitting Members Counsel infified, That the Right of Election, is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, resident within the Borough.

That it appeared, by the Journal of the House of Commons, in January 1710, That, in the then controverted Election for this Borough, the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Mayer, Aldermen, and Burgefifes; the whole Number of which are Thirty-three. That the Petitioners Counsel called,

William Blunt: W ho said, He has known the Borough Seven Years; and takes the Right of Election to be in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses: That Robert Wilkins junior, who has been removed to London a considerable time, voted in the lad Election before this, for Mr. Eger/on, and was not objected to; and he has always voted in the Corporation Courts: And that Edward Butler has claimed to vote; but the Lord Bridgewater’s Steward would not allow it, because he lived out of Town:

Being cross-examined, the Witness said, has

a House in the Borough of; but had not any

Sen nuts there: That he pays the Queen’sTaxes for it; and his Landlord pays to Church and Poor: That he comes to all the Courts: That Butler lives in the Town) but they never admit him to vote among them.

That the Sitting Members Counsel called,

Mr. Francis Neale: Who said, He has been Steward of the Borough above Twenty Years: That the Right of Elect:on is in those Capital Burgesses only, who are 16

brilis. 1714.

resident within the Town and Borough: If they have a Being the re, they have a Right to vote: When a Capital Burgess removes, and lives out of the Town, his Place is void, ip/o fa£io; and they choose another in his stead: Some, upon coming again, have been reelected; but they are not in without a Re-election:

That William Philips and Matthew Harding, who were Burgesses, and had removed out of the Borough, were, upon their Return, re-eleCled: Phillips his Election is mentioned in the Minutes of 94; and Harding's in the Roll of 97: It appears, by those Minutes and Rolls,

That this has been the Practice there for above 20 Years last pall: And the Witness said. There are no Rolls before the Year 95 in being:

That Butler never was Burgess in the Witness’s time:

That, after 12 Years Absence, he applied to the Witness to be re-eleCled; and in 1708 was named by the Mayor; but George Bull, who was named by the Witness, was chosen:

That Wilkins always attended the Courts, and voted ’ in all Elections; had a good Estate in the Borough j and paid Scotland Lot there.

Simon Butcher, aged 63, said, He has belonged to the Courts 40 Years: That the Custom is, when a Burgess removes, his Place is void, and they choose another; but, if he leaves Part of his Family there, he has a Right to vote: If he removes his Family, and returns, he has no Right, without being elected again; of which he mentioned the Inllances of Philips and Harding, produced by Mr. Neale; And said, That Wilkins attended all the Courts; and all along, during his Absence, paid Scotland Lot.

Geo. Loveday, called, said, He collected the Church-rates for Mr. Wilkins' House: That the Tenant told him, He paid them for his Landlord: And that Wilkins, and not the Tenant, is in the Levy.

And that the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Brackley, in the County of Northampton, is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the said Borough, residing in the said Borough.

That, to add Edward Butler to the Petitioners Poll;

John Welchman produced a Copy of a Return to Parliament, ligned by Butler in 1684: And said, he is resident; some of his Daughters live in the Town; and his Wife lived there till within these Two Months: He offered his Vote for Mr. Burgh, at the Two last Elections, and was refused both times: And that Thomas Wilkins, who lived at London, was admitted for Mr. Egerlon.

That the Petitioners Counsel objected to Nine upon the Sitting Members Poll; viz. Richard Tooley, Benjamin Reynolds, Robert Wilkins senior, John Claire, Tho. Frewin, John Howes, John John

Maxwell, and Henry W

That the Sitting Members Counsel agreed, That Tooley and Reynolds were admitted upon the Day of the Election to Parliament; but infilled, such Admiflton is warranted by the Custom of the Borough.

That the Petitioners Counsel called,

John Welchman; Who said, That Robert Wilkins senior told him, a Fortnight before this Election, That the Reason why he was for the Sitting Members, was, because the Lord Bridgetoater, the last time he renewed his Lease, gave him a Life, upon a Promise, That he would always vote for such as he should recommend: That his Farm is £40 a Year, and the adding a Life is worth /.too:

That the present Lord Bridgewater came to Brackley, a Fortnight before this Election, and Haiti there till it was over:

That Clare, a poor Taylor, told the Witness, lie was coming down, the Morning of the Election, with a full Resolution to vote for the Petitioners; but Mr. Burton, at whose House my Lord Bridgewater was, carried him into his Lordship’s Company; where M r. John fan asked his Vote for the Sitting Members, and proruiled to pay

his

y

13 Ann. 200 Aprilis. 581

his Debts for it: That Clare owed £.40 to the Witness, and another Person, upon Mortgage; and when the Money was demanded, he referred them to Mr. Slit, the Sitting Members Agent, who, he said, would pay them: That Slit being spoken to by the Witness, offered to pay the Money, if^.35 would betaken; but afterwards said, Mr. Neale had advised him not to pay the Money, till the Matter of the Election was over; for he was apprehensive of a Petition.

Wm. Mason, called, said, That, Eight Years ago, Robert Wilkins, the Father, told him. His Lease was renewed, and the Life added by the late Earl of Bridge water, for his Promise to vote:

That the Farm is in Jointure to old Robert Wilkins? Wife; and young Robert never had it, nor ever received any of the Rent.

Mr. Robert Lydall said. That Magdalen College have a great Estate at Brackley; and used formerly to recommend One of the Members: That he was deputed by the College, to use his Interest there for the Petitioners: He asked Thomas Fretoin'sVote for them-; but he an-

fwered, He was under Obligation to vote for the Sitting Members: That he held an Estate of £.50 or £.60 per Annum of my Lord Bridgwater, and had but One Life in it: That my Lord had promised, for his Vote, to give him One Life, and add another, upon easy Terms: Upon the Witness telling him, what Friends he must disoblige in it; Frezvin answered, If he did not renew his Lease, he and his Family must be ruined: The Witness afterwards went to my Lord Bridgwater, at the Inn, and represented to him Frew in's Cafe, and how many Friends he must disoblige; anddefired his Lordship not. to infill upon both his Votes; but his Lordship answered, He would not release him: And, discoursmgabout the House of Commons, his Lordship said, He thought the House of Commons had done very partially, ip turning out Mr. Charles Eg; and Mr. Methuen, who was present, said, He voted for Sir Simon Har-court; but thought Mr, Egerton was, in the last Election, as hardly used as Sir Sim. Harcourt was.

Joane Huntonsaid, She asked John Howes his Vote

for die Petitioners; and he answered, They should have it 101 60 Guineas; but the next Day he came to her, and bid her trouble herself no ifurther about him; for he was engaged for the Sitting Members: She said, She did not hem him say he had any Money; but that whoever he served should give him 60 Guineas.

That the Petitioners Counsel offered to disqualify the aforesaid Three Voters for the Sitting Member, viz. John Hawes, John Reaper, and John Maxwell; by calling Witnesses to prove their Confessions, That they had not taken the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper within One Year next before their Elections into Office, as is required by the Corporation Act; these Persons being elected, One in 1710, and the other Two in 1711, to be Three of the 33 Burgesses, who have the Government of this Corporation;

But the Sitting Members Counsel alleging, these Voters are Churchmen; That they had no Notice of this Objection; and were surprised in it;

That the Committee did not think fit admit the Petitioners to produce the Evidence they offered to this Point.

Then the Petitioners Counsel called,

John Welchman: Who produced a Certificate from the Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Tingwick; in the County of Bucks, dated 7th

April 1701, owning Henry Whitmell to be an Inhabitant there j and that he will be received as such whenever he, or any of his Family, become chargeable to the Parish he lives in at Brackley:

And said, That Whitmell, at the time of his Election to be a Burgess, rented only a House of 50 a Year at Brackley: That he lives there; is a Burgess; is reckoned One of the Corporation; and rents about £.5 per Annum in another Parish.

V© L. 17.

That the Sitting Members Counsel called, Brackley

Charles Garland:Who said, That Whitmell rented Ele^lon;

£.13. as. a Year, at and before this Election; and produced Vouchers; in 1709 and 1713, of his renting so much from Three different Landlords: And said. That all the Lands are within the Borough of Brackley, in One Parish; and are rated in One Book.

James Slit said, That at the time of this Election;

Edward Butler lived at Tingxvick, in Bucks: That he long since went from the Borough, and lived iu and his Place was filled up; and that, after his Return, he lived several Years in the Town, and never pretended any Right to be a Burgess; and, a Year ago, Weljk-man owned to the Witness, That Butler, had no Right; but said, He would keep him for a Handle.

Robert Hilton, called, said. That Butler has not voted for a Member of Parliament these Twenty Years: That Five Years ago he desired, and actually flood, to be re-elected a Burgess; and asked the Witness’s Voteforhim:

That they have several times elected Burgesses upon the same Day they elect Members of Parliament: Their Usage is, first to fill up the Corporation, and then proceed to the Election to Parliament.

Mr,. Neale said, When he came first to the Borough, it was declared to be the Custom to fill up any Vacancies in the Corporation upon the same Day they elect to Parliament:

There were Two controverted Elections in King William's Reign; and then all the old Members declared, and unanimously agreed, this was the Custom immemorial: Upon both those Occasions it was put in Practice; and such Elections, in 1702, are entered upon the Roll, to prevent the like Disputes for the future.

William Thonger laid, That he voted for the Sitting Members; but that Mr. Bush, Mr. Collis, and Mr.

Walton, who made Interest for the Petitioners, asked his Vote for them; and told him. He now might raise his Family; they had done the Business; and, if they could get his Vote, they should carry. the Election:

They bid him take 100 or 200 Guineas, or write down what he would have, and he should have it; and swore.

They had Money enough in Town, and would not lose the Election for want of it.

Robert Hilton said, That, being in Brackley Street, a Fellow of Magdalen College asked him to go with hitn to drink a Glass of Wine; He went; was made drunk, and carried away, he cannot tell whither; was kept without seeing any Light, till the Election was over, and was then attended home with Four Horses; but knows not where he was, nor any of the Company, except Mr. Jackson, Bishop Crew's Gardener: That he would have voted for the Sitting Members, had he been at the Election.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Paul Methuen Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Brackley, in the County of Northampton.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the honourable William Egerton Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Brackley.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time, That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Brackley, in the County of Northampton, is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the said Borough, residing in the said Borough;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out these Words " residing in the said Borough:"

And the Question being put, That those Words Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

71 Tellers

Papers respecting Treaties of Peace, &c.

Papers re spec ting Commerce with Spain.

58a 20* — Aprilis. A. 1714.

Tellers for the Ye.s,[ } ,68'

Tellers for the Noes,% % A; \ log.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Brackley, in the County of ampton, is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the said Borough.

The Second Resolution being read aSecond time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Paul Methuen Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Brackley, in the county of ;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,| K

Tellers for the Noes, j JJ ] 20°*

So it passed in the Negative.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the honourable William Egerton Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Brackley;

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That John Burgh Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Brackley;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j^*: } 202

Tellers for the Noes,[ >67.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Henry Watkins Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Brackley;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Brackley, in the County of Northampton, by rating out the Names of Paul Methuen Esquire, and the honourable William Egerton Esquire; and iuferting the Names of John Burgh Esquire, and Henry Watkins Esquire, instead thereof.

Mr. Secretary Bromley presented to the House, by her Majesty’s Command, pursuant to their Addresses for that Purpose, several Papers relating to the Treaties of Peace and Commerce between Great Britain and Spain: As also,

An Account of what Guarantees her Majesty has entered into since One thousand Seven hundred and Ten: Together with

The Overture of Peace, signed by Monsieur de Torcy: The Preliminary Demands of Great Britain t And The French King’s Answers:

With a List of the said Papers: And also,

Several Papers relating to the Catalans; with a List of them:

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House. The said Papers and Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That (he will be pleated to direct the pro-

per Officer to lay before this House the Papers and Representatians delivered in by the Merchants

to the Council of Trade, relating to the Commerce between England and Spain.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Lojwomi lay before this House an Account of what Logwood has imported, been annually imported for the last Ten Years ending at Christmas last; and also what Quantify has been exported in that time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 2i° die Aprilis;

Anno 13* Annas Reginae, 1714.

/ORDERED, That the several Reports from the Guildford v Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching 4c. the Election for the Borough of Guildford, in the County of Surrey; and touching the Election for the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford", and touching the Election for the Borough of Bury St. Edmund's, in the County of Suffolk; and touching the Election for the Borough of Buckingham, in the County of Buckingham; be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committers,

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to ToWco-

Order, a Bill for encouraging the Tobacco-trade: And 'trade, the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and, according to Brackley Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Brackleu, R*tur?

.l n . c \r .1 , . ° " mended.

in the County of Northampton.

A Petition of Richard Baggot Esquire, the surviving Privilege ia Executor of the last Will and Testament of late aSu,tatL4»-Earl of Kildare, deceased; the said Richard Baggot, by the said Will, being nominated One of the Executors in Trust for the Duke of Richmond, for his Life; and, after his Decease, in further Trust for the Use and Benefit of the Right honourable Louisa Countess of Berkley, and the Lady Anne Lennox, an Infant, being the younger Children of the said Duke of Richmond; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Earl did, the 19th March 1704, make his last Will and Testament; whereof he appointed Rodney Bridges Esquire, and the Petitioner, Executors; and devised Lands in England and Ireland to them, in Trust to fell as much for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, as his personal Estate was notsufficient todischarge; and, after Debts and Legacies paid, in Trust that they should permit the Duke of Richmond to receive the Profits of the Premises during his Life; and, after his Decease, to be sold; and the Money arising to be equally divided among the Children of the said Duke of Richmond, by his now Duchess, which should be living at his Decease; his eldest Son excepted: That the Executors proved the Will, after which the Duke, and his Children, preferred their Bill in Chancery against the Petitioner, and Francis Roberts Esquire, who pretended Title to the Premises, in Right of the Lady Anne Roberts his Wife, Sifter and Heir of the late Earl; the Scope whereof was to have the W ill proved, and the Earl’s Debts paid: Whereupon it was ordered a Master should appoint a Receiver of the Arrears and Rents of the said Estate in Ireland", and that Mr. Roberts, Clerk in Court, should, from time to time, have Notice to attend the said Master: That upon Application of the Creditors and Executors of theiaid

Privilege in a Suit at I*aw.

13 Ann. ai0 jiprilts. 583

Earl to this- House, in 1709, it was referred to a Committee; who made a Report, to which the House agreed; and is as follows; viz. " Resolved, That Francis " berts Esquire ought not to have the Privilege of Parliament, as to the Bill exhibited against him, and the " Executors of John late Earl of Kildare, by the Duke " of Richmond, and others, to prove the Will, and to " have an Account of the Estate, of the said Earl Upon which the Lord Chancellor has decreed, That an Account of the Debts, and real Estate and personal, of the said Earl, should be taken by a Master of Chancery, in order to the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said Earl; and upon which Reference the Report of the said Master was then ready to be made, in order to a final Decree; That, 20th of May 1710, the Master certified, by his Report, That the Testator’s Debts, by Mortgages, and otherwise, was £. 13,356. 8r. 8 besides Interest; and also an Account of what the Executors had paid; and that the Testator’s Debts could not be paid, without speedy Sale of Part of the Estate devised to be sold: That the Master approved of Samuel Carlton, Gentleman, to be Receiver of the Rents in ,with the Arrears: That the Petitioner, the Mortgagees, and others, having just Right and Title to the said Earl’s Estate, by their Deed of 4th June 1712, after legal Entry made, did demise the same to Samuel that he, by his Lessee, might bring EjeClments to try the Title; and that the said Carleton under the Titles of the

Petitioner, and others; Peter Fisher brought Three Ejectments for Recovery of the same Premises, to be tried by Ni/i prius, at the last Summer AtDzes for the County of Limerick: But the said took

upon him the Defence of the Lands, in the Declarations mentioned; and he, being a Member of Parliament, just when Tryal was coming on, infilled on his Privilege; did cause Mr. Carleton, and others, the Petitioner’s Agent,..... with an Order, dated 7th July 1713, to proceed at Peril; and, although the said Order was dated 7th July, was not delivered till ill August 1713; and the said Carleton, and Agents, were deterred from trying Issue: And that the Tenants have and do still detain their Bents in their Hands, and some are run away; to the great Loss of the Creditors, and Detriment of the Mortgagees; and to the Ruin of the said late Earl's Estate; with a Hindrance to the Performance of the Trusts reposed in the Petitioner; And praying. That the said Mr. Roberts may not infill on his Privilege in the said Ejectment, or in any Action, or otherwise, in Law or Equity, brought, or to be brought, by the Petitioner, or Agents, in Great B, or Ireland, relating to the said Earl’s Estate, or Trust reposed in them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereon, to the House.

A Petition of John Forbett, Thomas , John Van Colemar, Robert Man, Samuel Philips, and others, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors of the Right honourable John late Earl of Kildare, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Earl, being seised in Fee of a considerable Estate in England and Ireland, did, by his Will, devise the same to George Rodney Bridges and Richard Baggot Esquires, Executors and Trustees, to raise Money, by Sale or Mortgage of his said Estate, to pay Debts and Legacies; and devises the Residue of his real Estate to Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenofor Life; and,

after his Decease, to his younger Children: The said Earl dying, his said Executors duly proved the said Will; which was contested in Great Britain and Ireland by the honourable Francis Roberts Esquire, and Anne his W7ife, Sifter and Heir of the said Earl: That, upon proving the Will in Chancery, in a Cause between the Duke and his Children, and Mr. Bridges, Baggot, Mr. Roberts, and his Lady, which was heard VOL. 17.

before Chancellor Cowper, 7th Mar. 1708, his Lordship decreed an Account of the Earl’s personal Estate to be taken by Mr. Hiccocks, a Master of Chancery; and admitted the Petitioners to prove their Debts and Legacies before him; and directed him to certify; what the Earl’s personal Estate, Debts, and Legacies, amounted to; that his Lordship might judge what Part of the said Estate was bell to be sold, for the speedy Payment of the said Debts and Legacies; and the Master was to appoint a Receiver of the Estate in those

Rents being decreed to pay the Petitioners: That the Petitioners, having proved their Debts, were in Hopes of a speedy Satisfaction; but, to hinder Proceedings, the said Roberts did infill on his Privilege of Parliament: That, by an Order of this House in February 1709, the said Roberts was not to have the Privilege of Parliament; as to the Bill exhibited against him, and the Executors of the said Earl, by the Duke of Richmond, to prove the Will, and have an Account of the Estate, of the said Earl; upon which the Lord Chancellor had decreed. That an Account of the Debts, and Estate real and . personal, of the said Earl, should be taken by a Mailer in Chancery, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said Earl; upon which the Report of the said Master was then ready to be made, in order to a final Decree: 20th May 1710, the Master certified the Testator’s Debts, by Mortgages, and otherways, to be jC- *3,356 8$. 8 d.;and an Account of what the Executors had paid, and conceived the Testator’s Debts could not be paid, without Sale of Part of the Estate devised to be sold: The Master approved of Sam. Carleton Gentleman to be Receiver of the Arrears and Rents in Ireland: That under Protection of the said Roberts,- the Tenants refuse to pay their Rents or Arrears; and, the Cause being ready for Tryal, the said did cause

the Agents and Lessor of the Plaintiff, in the said EjeCl-ment, to be served with Notice, that he infilled on his Privilege, and to proceed at Peril; which obstructed all Proceedings in Ireland, and Great Britain; and feve* ral of the Tenants are run away; to the great Loss of the Mortgagees, the Petitioners, and other Creditors; and to the utter Ruin of the said Estate: And praying the said Mr. Roberts may be ordered to wave his Privilege, in any Proceedings at Law or Equity, in Great Britain or Ireland, by the Plaintiffs, in the said Ejectment, or any ways relating to the said Earl’s Estate.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clithero, in the County of in the

room of the honourable Charles Stanley Esquire; whose Election has been declared void;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,£ } 101 ’

Tellers for the Noes,[ JJr. Finch, ,5o.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That no Warrant fora new Writ do issue, during this Session of Parliament, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Clithero, in the room of the said Mr. Stanley.

Mr. Secretary Bromley presented to the House, by her Majesty’s Command, and pursuant to their AddreU for that Purpose, a Plan of a Treaty between Great Britain and Spain, signed by the Lord Lexington, and the Marquis de Bedmar, at Madrid, 27th March 1711:

The Treaty of Alliance and Commerce with Spain, 10th July 1707: And also,

The

Clither*

Writ*

Papers

respecting

Treaties with Spain.

Army Debts.

Commercial Treaty with Spain.

Ways and Meant.

584 21® — - 2 2® Aprilis.

A. 1714-

Jovis, 2 2° die Aprilis;

Anno 13* Annas Regina?, 17x4.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Bur- t Trent geffes, of the Borough of Leicester, and Merchants Navigation, and Tradesmen in the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the River Trent was always navigable to Wilden Ferry, and Two Miles higher; and, in the 10th of King Win. was made navigable to Burton upon Trent:That the Lord his Heirs and Assigns, had the Execution of the Powers for carrying on the fame; and, by a Proviso in the said 1 oth Wm. no Person was to build or continue any Wharf or Warehouse betwixt Nottingham Bridge and Burton upon Trent, unless by Consent of the Commissioners therein named, and the Undertaker of such new Navigation;

That one George Hayne, pretending to be Undertaker

under the Lord Paget, together with one , by

Misconstruction of the said Act, have engrossed the Navigation thereof; and, to complete which, are attempting to obtain a Bill for making navigable the River Trent, in Leicester, Derby, and; to the

Destruction of Trade and Commerce: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that it may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table till the said Bill be read a Second time.

The secret Article with Spain about the Trade to the West Indies:

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Articles and Treaties do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Articles and Treaties are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Campion presented to the House, from the Commissioners for taking, examining, and determining, the Debts due to the Army, Sic. their Report on the Account of some extraordinary Charges which attended the late War in the several Parts of the Service, and for which no Provision hath yet been made in Parliament; and also, on the Estimate of the Arrears due to clear the Six Marine Regiments to the 25th of March 1713, referred to the said Commissioners the last Session of Parliament: And also, an Account of all Money paid by the Paymaster General of her Majesty’s Guards and Garifohs, Sc. in relation to the Expedition to Annapolis Royal, and Service of the said Garison: And also, an Account of the Sums which appear to him to be demanded for the same Service, which are yet unpaid:

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table,' to be perused by the Members of this House.

The said Report is contained in One Book, and bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Pytts presented to the House, from the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, by her Majesty’s Command, pursuant to their Address for that Purpose,- a Copy of a Letter from Sir Wm. with

Copies of such Articles of Commerce with Spain as were proposed by the Merchants: As also,

A Copy of the Bilboa Merchants Reply to the Lord Lexingtdn, about settling ourTrade in that Part of j

Teceived the 17th of August 1713: And also,

A Copy of a Letter from Sir William Hodges, with a Memorial from several Spanish Merchants, relating to a Treaty of Commerce between Great Britain and Spain-, dated October 9th, 17x3:

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsiderof Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Kesolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and other *tto* Inhabitants, of Gainsborough, in the county of ,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That, by an Act 10th Wm. for making the River , in Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, it was etiaded, no Wharf or Warehouse should be erected thereon, more than those of ancient Standing: And there being now a Bill depending, for making the same more effectual; but the Prohibition in the said Act hath been prejudicial to the general Trade of the said River; and but few have taken Advantage thereof to engross the said Trade in those Parts to which the Bill relates: And praying. That, in the Bill now depending. Leave may be given to those who shall think (it to build either Wharf or Warehouse for the Benefit of the said Navigation; they paying the Duty of Tonage imposed thereon.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Alexander Pendarvis Esquire was pre- Penryn fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the lileftiou. Election for Pemyn, in Com' Cornwall, the Petitioner, and Samuel Trefufts Esquire, flood Candidates: That the Right of Election is in those of the ancient Borough, paying Scotland Lot; and that the Portreeve is Returning Officer: That the Justices taking upon them to allow the Rates for Church and Poor; and have allowed such as ought not, and omitted others who ought, to have been allowed: That by this, and other illegal Practices of the said Mr. Trefufis, and Agents, the said Mr.

Trefufts hath procured himself to be returned, in Wrong of the Petitioner, who had a Majority, and ought to have been returned: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they doexamine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Windsor, from the Board of Ordnance, presented Lands taken

to the House, according to Order, a Copy of the Report for Ports-made to the most honourable the Earl of Oxford and ni°uth Nor-Mortimer, Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, from tltlC3Uons the Commissioners for making a new Survey of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, veiled in Trustees, for the better fortifying Portjinouth, Chatham, and Jlarivich-, and for afeertuining the Damages fuilained by the Proprietors; delivered to his Lordiliip 16,

1714: And

Drawback ou bait*

goniLwark

Writ.

Highway

Trust*.

15 Ann, ' % 2° — ApriUs. 585

And the Title tltcreof was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy of the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy of the Report is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Ferrierpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Salt to be made use of for Curing of Fish, taken at the North Seas, or at IJleland: And the fame, was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

paying the Duty they ought to pay at the Turnpike now erected in IVolfcott-lane: but that the Duties should be at one Turnpike only.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years ot her Majesty’s lleign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway between Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, and in the County of Warwick; also to repair the Road between Dunchurch and Mcrcden, in the said County of War-trick: And that. Mr. Chetwynd Sir John Mardaunt, and Mr. Archer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing Two Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Porough of , in the County of Surra/, in the room of John Lade Esquire and Fifkcf Tench Esquire; whose Election hath been de-. dared void.

Mr. Chetwynd, reported from the Committee appointed to inquire into the Management and Application of all Sums of Money, which have been collected for repairing any particular Highways, by virtue of any Act, of Parliament passed frnce her Majesty’s Accession to the Crown, That they bad received a Complaint of the ill Repair of the Roads between Stratford, in the County of Northampton, and Dunchurch, in the County ’of Warwick, which were to be_ repaired by the Act,

made in the 9th and 10th Years of her Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the said Highways; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report, and Resolutions, in at the Clerk's Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

That, upon Complaint to the Committee of the ill Repair of the Roads between Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, and Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, they proceeded to the Examination of the

Incomes of the Toll from the Turnpike erected in Wol-scotl-lane, in the County of Warwick, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick; and find, That there hath been expended on that Part of the said Road lying in Warwickshire, near as much Money as hath been collected and bor-. rowed upon the Toll aforesaid; and that the Reason why it is no better repaired, proceeds from the very great Distance, and extraordinary Charge of CarHage, of Materials proper to amend the fame; as also, from the Turnpike not raising so much Money as it might dor had the Commissioners a Power to erect one in a convenient Part of the Road between Dunchurch and Coventry, that Passengers might not avoid it as they now do, by travelling a By-way.

Upon which the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Toll continuing to be collefcted, and the Roads between Old Stratford and Dunchurch being no better repaired, is a great Grievance to all People travelling that Road.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Sums of Money, borrowed and collected by virtue of the said Act, as far as relates to the Warwkkfiire Part of the Road, have been duly applied towards the Repair thereof, according to the Directions of the said Act, as appeared by the particular Accounts laid before the Committee.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Commissioners of Warwickshire may have Power to erect another Turnpike on the Road between Coventry and Dunchurch, to hinder Passengers from evading, as they now do, by travelling a By-way, the Vo j..-17.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Ways Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of and Way* and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Table: Where it was read: and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That.it is the Opinion of this Committee,

ThatTwo Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised, in the Year 1714, upon all Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the 9th Article of the Treaty for the Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution being read a Second lime.

Refolded, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Two Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised in the Year 1714, upon all Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offi-' ces, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to *' the gth Article of the Treaty for the Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Conyert, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Knights of Shires, and other Members of the House, do prepare Lifts, fairly written, of Commissioners Names for executing the said Act, for> the respective Counties, Cities, and Places, for which] there have been used to be particular Commissioners.

The House, according to Order, took into Considera- Addrefle* on tion the Message from the Lords on Saturday last; Conclufien of which was as followeth; viz. . the Peace.

Most gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament aftemfiled, beg Leave to express the just Sense which we have of your Majesty’s Goodnels to your People, in delivering them by a safe, honourable, and advantageous, Peace with France and Spain, from the heavy Burthen of a consuming Land War, unequally carried on, and become, at lull, impracticable: And we do most earnestly entreat your Majesty, That you will be pleased with the same Steadiness, notwithstanding all the Obstructions which have been, or may be, thrown in your Way, to pursue such Measures as you shall judge necessary for completing the Settlement of Europe, on the Principles laid down by your Majesty in your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

Refolded, That the Blank in the Address be filled up with the Words " and Commons."

Refolded, That the House doth agree with the Lords in the said Address to be presented to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Address to the Lords, and acquaint them.

That this House hath filled up the Blank, and agreed with their Lordships in the said Address to be presented

to her Majesty. .

7 K. A Motion

AdjtWMCDt

Trent

Aavijjution.

Ditto.

Dittc.

22' — 23° Aptilis.

A. 1714.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That ihe Housedo adjourn to Saturday Morning next; It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris^ 23*;

Anno 13* Annas Reginas, 1714.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Merchants, Trader?', and Inhabitants, nf the Town of Tflmxvorth, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and rcjul , felting forth, That, hypo Act of the 10th of King Wm.the River Treat was made navigable to

Burtoy upon '/'rent, in Com' Stafford; and was intended for the general Benefit of the Country; and the Lord of the said Mapor was intruded with the Execution there* of: And, by a Proviso in the said Act, no Perfop was to build any Wharf or Wart-bopfe betwixt Nottingham Bridge and Burton upon Treat, those anciently continued excepted; unless by Consent of the Commissioners, and the Undertaker of the said Navigation: That one llayne. Undertaker under the Lord of the said Manor, and one Fojbrogke, by Misconstruction of the former Act, did engross the said Navigation to their own Boat?} to complete which they are bringing in a Bill for making the said River navigable in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford -, to the Destruction of

Trade apd Commerce s Ami praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill’s patting.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table ipitil the Rill for nuking more effectual an Act, of thp 10th aiuj Jth Year? of the Reign of King,

intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, tiavigable, iluill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read* felting forth, That, by an Act, ro* of King Wm. the River Trent was made navigable to Burton ijpon Trent j and was intended for the Benefit of the Country; the Lord of the Manor of Burton being intruded in carrying on the said Navigation; and that in the said ... no Person is to build, or continue, any Wharf or Warehouse thereon, unless by Consent of the Comm i (Clone f? named, and the Undertaker: That one y/tfyne and Fojbrook, by Misconstruction of the former Act, haveengrofled the Navigation betwixt Nottingham and Burton to themselves: and, to complete which, are now endeavouring to obtain a Bill for the more speedy and effectual making the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, to the great Destruction of Trade and Commerce; And praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill’s passing.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the 10th and x ith Years of the Reign of King , in*

tituled, An Act for making and keeping the River , in the Counties of Ixictfta', , and Stafford, navi* gable, shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That the River Trent, by Act xoth of King Wm. was made navigable to Burton, in the County of Stafford; and was intended for the Benefit of the Country; the Lord of the Manor being inttufted in carrying oil the said Navigation: That, by a Proviso in the said Act, no Wliarf or Warehouse was to be built thereon, unless by Consent of the Comniiftiouei s named, and the Undertaker; and, in regard the Commissioners ea-inot appoint any Wharf or Warehouse without the

ill

Concurrence of the Undertaker, and there being none, save a private Wharf at Wilden Ferry, in Possession of one Fojbrookandotie Haynes, having obtained an Af-

signment of the Lord of the Manor’s Power, under the said Act, tt&es Advantage thereof, and refuseth to join in any such Appointment; inftfting that his is a private Wharf, as well as Fo/broke's,at which no Goods can be

landed, or received, without his ‘Leave, denying it to all who do not employ his, of F Boats; by which illegal Practices they engross the whole Navigation to their Boats; to the Destruction of Trade: That Hayne and Fosbroke are endeavouring to pass a Bill for the more speedy and elTcQual making navigable the said River, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford; which will be of great Prejudice to the Petitioners: And praying to be beard, by Counsel, against. the said Bill’s Puffing; and that the Proviso in the former Act may be repealed; and the said Navigation made pnhiick; and convenient Wharfs and Warehouses appointed for the Benefit of Trade and Commerce.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table-until the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the 10th and 1 ith Years of the Reign of King Wm. intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River in the Counties of Leicejer, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Inhabi- Trent tants of the City of Litclffeild, and County of the same Navigation. City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the River Trent was, by an Act of the xoth of King William, made navigable to Burton upon Trent,

in Com' Stafford; and was intended for the Benefit of the Country; the Lord of the Manor being intruded with the Carrying on of the said Navigation: That, in the said Act, it is provided, no Person shall build any Wharf or Warehouse, or continue such, except of ancient Continuance, without Consent of the Commissioners named, and the Undertaker: That one Haynes, a pretended Undertaker, together with one Fosbrook, by Mifcou-struction of the said Apt, have engrossed the Navigation of tfte said River; and to complete which, are endeavouring to pass a Bill for the more speedy making navigable the said River, in the Counties of,

Derby, and Stafford; to the great Destruction of Trade and Commerce: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill’s passing.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the aolh and x 1 th Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Ditto. Inhabitants, of the Market Towns of and

Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and road; setting forth, that the River Trent, by an Act of the totli of King William, was made navigable to Burton upon Trent, in the county of ;

and was intended for the Benefit of the Country; the the Lord of the Manor being intruded in carrying on the fame; and, by a Proviso in the said Act, no Wharf or Warehouse was to be built, or continued, except of ancient Continuance, without Consent of the Commissioners named, and the Undertaker: That one a pretended Undertaker, together with one Fojbrooke, by Misconstruction of the former Act, have engrossed-the said Navigation to themselves; to complete which they are now endeavouring to obtain a pill for the speedy and effectual navigating the fame, in the Coun-te* o f Dicejier, Derby, and Stafford', to the great Destruction of Trade and Commerce: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill’s patting.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the xoth and x ith Years of the Reign of King Wm. intituled.

An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the

Counties

13 Ann. 23 0 dprilis587

Counties of Leicester, Derby, and navigable, shall be read a Second time.

Trent A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Inhabit->>avig&uon- at t , of the Town of Woolverhawpton, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the River Trent, by an Act of the xoth of King Wm.was made navigable to Burton upon Treat, in the County of Stafford, and designed for the Benefit of the Country; and the Lord of the Manor being intruded with carrying the same on;and, by the said Act, no Wharf or Warehouse was to be built, or continued, on flic said River, unless of ancient Continuance, without Consent of the Commissioners andUndertaker: That one Haynes, a pretended Undertaker, and one by Misconstruction of the former Act, have engrossed the foie Navigation to themselves; to complete which, they endeavour to pass a Bill for the speedy Navigation thereof, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford-. to the great Destruction of Trade: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill’s passing.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lieupon the Table until the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the toth and i ith Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, and navi*

gable, shall be read a Second time.

Ditto. A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, aDd read; letting forth. That the River Trent, by an Act of to* King Wm. IHd, was made navigable to Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford; and intended for the Benefit of the Country; the Lord of the Manor being intruded in carrying on the fame: That, by the said Act, no Wharf or Ware-house was to be built, or continued, without Consent of the Commissioners and Undertaker, except such as of ancient Continuance: That one a pretended

Undertaker, and one Fojbrook, by Misconstruftiou of the said Act, have engrossed the foie Navigation to themselves; and to complete which, are now endeavouring to pass a Bill for the effectual navigating the fame, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford to the great Uestruction of Trade: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill’s passing.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making more effectual an Act of the 10th and uth Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, an Act for making and keeping the River Trait, in the Counties of Derby, and Stafford,

navigable, shall be read a Second time.

Ditto, A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Market Towns of None Eaton and Alberstone, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the River Trent., by an Act. of the 10th of King Wm. the Third, was made navigable to Burton upon Trent, in the said County; and intended for the Benefit of the Country; the Lord of the Manor of Burton being intrusted to carry on the fame; and that, by the said Act, no Wharf or Warehouse was to be built, or continued, without Leave of the Commissioners and Undertaker, except those of old Continuance; That Haynes, a pretended Undertaker, and one Fojbroby Miiconllruction of the

former Act, have engrossed the foie Navigation to them-Telves; to complete which, are now endeavouring to pass an Act for making the said River navi gable, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford-, to the great Destruction of Trade: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill’s passing.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the 10th and nth Years of the Reign of King intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, Voi. 17.

in the Counties of Leicester, Derby,' and,

navigable, shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Inhabit* trent ants, of the Town of Col/hill, in the County of - Navigation. wick, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the River Trent, by an Act of loth of King '

William, was made navigable to Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford; and was intended for the Benefit of the Country; and the Lord of the Manor of Burt ton being intrusted with carrying on the same: But, in the said Act, no Wharf or Warehouse is to be built, or coutinued, without Consent of the Commissioners, and the Undertaker; except those of old Continuance: That one Haynes, a pretended Undertaker, and one by Misconstruction of the said Act, hath solely engrossed the Trade of the said River to themselves; to complete which they now endeavour to pass a Bill for making the said River navigable, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, to the Prejudice of Trade: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said -Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the 10th and i ith Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, an Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Inha- Ditto, bitants, of the Town of Ashby, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the River Trent, by an Act of the ioth of King William, was made navigable to Burton upon in the County of Stafford-, and intended for the Good of the Country; the Lord of the Manor being intrusted in carrying on the fame; and that by the said Act, no Wharf or Warehouse was to be built, or continued, without Leave of the Commissioners and Undertaker; except those of ancient Continuance; but, by Misconstruction of the former Act, one Haynes and Fojbrooke have solely engrossed the Navigation to themselves; and, to complete which, are endeavouring to pass a Bill for - 1

more effectual navigating the said River, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the ioth and nth Years of the Reign of King Wm. intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, zoA Stafford, navigable, shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Conn* Ditto, cil, and Burgesses, of the Town, and County of the Town, of Nottingham-, and also of the Merchants,

Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the said Town; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the River Trent, by an Act of the ioth of King William, was made navigable to Burton upon Trent, in - r

shire; and intended for the good of the Country; the Lord of the Manor of Burton being introfted in carrying on the fame: That, by the said Act, no Wharf or Warehouse was to be built, or continued, except of an*-cient Continuance, without Leave of the Commissioners and Undertaker; but that one Hayn> having obtained an Alignment of the I.ord of the Manor’s Power, and combining with one Fojbrooke, refofes to permit any Wharfor Warehouse to healed in the said Navigation, whollyengrofling the Navigation thereof to themselves.; and are now endeavouring to psfs a Bill for the effectual navigating the said River, in the Comities of Leicester,

Derby, and Stafford-, to the great Prejudice of Trade:

And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against tile said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the ... ioth

Trent

Navigation.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

D#tt-.

588 230 Ap A. 1714.

10th ami 11 th Years of the Reign of King intituled,

An Act for making and keeping the River in the

Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable,

shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Farmers, of the City of Litchfeild, and of the Towns and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is a Bill depending for making the River Trent navigable, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby and Stafford, by laying a greater Duty of Tonage on all Vessels navigating thereon* without which the Navigation already begun cannot be perfected: And praying the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the 10th and 11th Years of the Reign of King intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Grand Jury, and Gentlemen, of the Coimty of Derby, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the Paid County, on the 6th Day of April, Anno Domini, 1714; and of several other Justices, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Farmers, of the said County; was presented to the House, and read: setting forth, That a Bill is depending for making the River Trent in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, by laying a greater Duty of Tonage on VesstN navigating thereon; without which the Navigation already begun cannot be completed: And praying the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the 10th and x 1 th Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Farmers, of the Borough of T in the County of Stafford, and Warwick, and of the Towns and Places adjacent or near thereunto, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a Bill is depending for making the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, by laying a greater Duty of Tonage on all Vessels navigating thereon; without which the Navigation already begun cannot be completed: And praying the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the 10th and nth Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of diversGentleraen, Tradesmen, Farmers, and Inhabitants, of the Town of,

in the County of Stafford, and of the Towns and Places adjacent or near thereunto, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the making the River Trent, to Burton aforesaid, navigable, was intended for the Benefit of the Country; but, by reason of the finall Duty of Tonage, and unless advanced, the said Navigation cannot be completed, but the Money already laid out will be loft: And praying the Bill now depending, for making the same navigable, may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill, for making more effectual an Act, of the 10th and 11th Years of the Reign of King intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and StaJJord, navigable, shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and

Farmers, of the Town of Vin the County of Stafford, and of the Towns and Places adjacent or near thereunto, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That a Bill is now depending for making the River Trent, in Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, uavi* gable, by laying a greater Duty of Tonage on all Vessel9 navigating thereon; without which the said Navigation cannot be carried on: And praying the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making more efl'eftu.d an Act, of the 10th and nth Years of the Reign of King Wm. iuti-tuled, An Act for making ami keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of I^eicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Farmers, of the Town of Walsall, in the County of Stafford, and of the Towns and Places adjacent or near thereunto, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is a Bill depending for making the River Trent, in Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, by laying a greater Duty (of Tonage on all Vessels navigating thereon; without which the Navigation already begun cannot be completed: Aud praying the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the 10th and 11 th Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Farmers, of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warrvick, and of the Towns and Places adjacent or near thereunto, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending for making the River Trent, in Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, by laying a greater Duty of Tonage on all Vessels navigating thereon; without which the said Navigation cannot be completed: And pray ing the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the lOthand nth Years of the Reign of King Wm. intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and navi-

gable, shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Grand Jury, of the County of Leicester, assembled at, the General Quarter Sessiotis held for the said County, at the Castle of Leicester. on the 6th Day of April 1714, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending for making the River Trent, in Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, by laying a greater Duty of Tonage on all Vessels navigating thereon; without which the said Navigation cannot be completed: And praying the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making more effectual an Act, made in the 10th and 11th Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act for making aDd keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of Henry Jones Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, in a former Parliament, attended this House with his Rea-fonsand Certificates, from several Merchants, for making an Harbour in WhitjanclBay; which was referred to a Committee; who examined the Allegations, and resolved. That an 1 Iai hour be made at Bay, was a great

Preservation of Shipping', a Station for Cruisers, and a publick Advantage to the Kingdom; and further resolved, That a Uglif-house at Point would he

of

Trent

Navigation.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Whitfand

Bay

Harbour.

Ti*nt

Negation.

Ditto.

13 Ann. 23° Aprilis. 589

of great Use, to distinguish the North or South Channels, and to prevent Shipping from being cadi away upon those Coasts: That Four of the Trinity Members were font down to survey and estimate the Charges thereof; a Difference arose between them; some of them reporting it would colt a greater Sum than what it really would; but, by the Prorogation of the Parliament, the same hath been delayed: And praying the Premises may be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Allegations thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Trevanion, Mr.

Mr. Craggs, Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. lienda, Mr. Clayton, Sir John Mordaunt', Mr. S Mr. Gwyn, Mr.

Baldzoyn.Sir Richard Onjlozo, Mr. JVynn, Mr.

bridge, Mr. Drezo, Mr. MundyMr. Mr. Jennings, Mr. Freman, Mr. DockmMr. Mr.

Sheppard, Mr. Morgan, Sir Tho. Powell, Sir Gilbert bcn; and all that serve for the Counties of SomerJ'et, and Devon and Dorsetand all that serve for the Sea Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bi|l for making more effectual an Act, of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Curzon, Mr. Clarke, Mr. S/atham, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Strange-tvays, Mr. Mundtry, Mr. HeMr. Cotton, Sir feph Jekyll, Sir Peter King, Mr. Nicholas, Sir IVillo. Hickman, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. IVynn, General Rosse, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Watkins, Sir WmIVhitlocke, Sir Pynfent Charnock, Mr. Winstanley, Lord Bulkeley, Sir Arth. , Mr. Burjiem, Mr. Wrightfon, Sir Jacob Bankes, Mr.

Quick, Mr. 'Vice-chamberlain, General Stanhope, Sir Wm. Barker, Colonel King, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Dockminique, Lord Dozone, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Mr. Campion, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Bu It eel, Mr.

Mr. Collier, Sir Fulwar Skipwith, Mr. Mr.

Wykes, Mr.- Pugh, Mr. Sheppard; and all that serve for the Counties of Derby, Leic Stafford, Lincoln, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Indruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to repeal the last Clause in the said A ft of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of his late Majesty, which is against the erecting, building, or continuing. Wharfs or Warehouses, unlel's by the Consent and Appointment of the major Part of the Commissioners in the said Act named, and of the Undertaker, his Heirs and Assigns.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, that they may provide therein for the making the said River navigable higher, as far as the said Commissioners shall think fit.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Coventry, with the rest of the Inhabitants of the fame, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, that the River Trent, by an Act of 10th King Wm. the Hid, was made navigable to Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford; and was intended i'or the Be-, nefit of the Country; the Lord of the Manor of Burton being intruded in carrying on the fame: That, by the said Act, no Wharf or Warehouse was to be built, or continued, except those of ancient Continuance, without Consent of the Commissioners and Undertaker: That one Haynes, an Undertaker under the Lord of the said Manor, with one Fojbrook, by Miscondruftion of the said Act, have engrossed the whole Navigation to themselves; to complete which, they now endeavour to pass a Bill for the speedy navigating the fame, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford; to the great Deliruftion Vol,17.

of Trade: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill’s Puffing.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the 10th and nth Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, is committed:

And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think tit.

APetition of the Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, Trent of the Town of Nczccastle, in the County of Stafford, Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That the River Trent, by an Act of the 10th King the Third, was made navigable to Burton upon Trent; and intended for the Good of the Country; the 'Lord of the Manor of Burton being intruded in carrying on the fame; and, by a Proviso in the said former Act, no Whacf or Warehouse was to be built, or continued, without Leave of the Commissioners and Undertaker: That one Haynes, a pretended Undertaker, with one Fojbrook, by Miscondruftion of the said Act, have engrossed the foie Navigation to themselves; and, to complete which, are now endeavouring to pass a Bill for the effectual Navigating the said River, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford; to the great Prejudice of Trade: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill’s Palling.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the 10th and nth Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester,

Derby, and Stafford, navigable, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Dittn, Inhabitants, of the Town of Beston, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the River Trent, by an Act of the 10th and nth of King William, was made navigable to Burton uponTrent; and intended for the Benefit of the Country; the Lord of the Manor of Burton upon Trent being intruded with the carrying on the said Navigation:'

And, by a Proviso in the said Act, no Wharf or Warehouse was to be continued, other than those of ancient Cont inuance, without Leave of the Commissionei s and1 Undertaker; but one Haynes, a pretended Undertaker, and one Fojbrook, by Miscondruftion of the said former Act, have engrossed the foie Navigation of the said River, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford; to the great Prejudice of Trade: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill’s Palling.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the 10th and 11th Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of J^eicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, is committed:

And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the several Pet itions which have been Ditt0< ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill was read a Second time, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

Sir Thomas Crdffcacquainted the House, That he was Committee

directed by the fell ft Committee, to whom tin- Etiimates on L inmate* and Accounts relating to the Supply granted to her and Majesty are referred, to move the House, That (lie Au;ounts* Regimental Lid of the Half-pay Officers for the Year 1714 may be referred to the said Comrfiittec.

j L Ordered,

59°

2 3° — 24° Aprilis.

A.

1714.

Supply Gill; Land Tax.

Duties on

Books,

imported.

Smith’s Eli ate.

Supply.

Ordered, That the said Lift be referred to the Confederation of the said select Committee.

Mr. Conyers presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1714: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir W,m. Whave Leave to moke

a Motion, it being after One of the Clock.

And lie moved accordingly. That an Account may be laid before the House of the Produce of the several Duties upon imported Books and Prints, for One Year, before the 24th of June 1712; and also of the Produce of the said Duties, for One Year, finee the 24th of June 1712.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay the said Accounts before this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Dormer and Mr. Browning:

in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House,

and read; setting forth. That the River Trent, by an Act of the 10th of King Willi the Hid, was made

navigable to Burton u}»n Tr; and intended for the Benefit of the Country; the Lord of the Manor of Burton being intruded with the carrying on the fame: That, by a Proviso in the said A ft, no Wharf or Warehouse was to be built, or continued, without Leave of the Commissioners and Undertaker, except of ancient Continuance: That one JJaynes, a pretended Undertaker, and one Fojbrook, by Mifcoustruction of the said Act, have en-groifed the whole Navigation: and are now endeavouring to pass a Bill for the more effectual Navigating the said River in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and;

to the great Prejudice of Trade: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill’s Fading.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the 10th and nth Years of the Reign of'King William, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of

Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

Mr. Speaker, Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Committee of the whole House, who were to consider veiling the Lease of the Rectory of Chesterfield, in the further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the llefo-County of Derby, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Pay- lutions they had directed him to report to the House;

ment of the Debts of George Smith Esquire, deceased; and for making Provision for his Daughter: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to some Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to Two-third Subsidy receive the same. The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow time, were, upon the Question feverafly put thereupon. Morning. agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move. That they may . Mr. Gwyn, by her Majesty’s Command, prefeuted to have Leave to fit again. the House, a Report about the Roman Catholick Officers

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday who quitted the Enemy’s Service, to come over to her Morning uext, resolve itself into a Committee of the Majesty’s: And also,

whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted A Report upon the Petition of several Roman Catho-to her Majesty. lick Officers who served her Majesty inSpain and

and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding 55,^81 i6j.be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, in the Year 1714,

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £.88,741 13s. 10 be granted to her Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of Principal and Interest upon the Act, made in the Third Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for granting a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported, called the

Committees. Ordered, That all Committes which jvere this Evening be adjourned.

to meet

Droitwich

Writ

Trent

Navigation.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatic 2 if die;

Anno 13* Annie Regina?, 1714.

Pa A v ERS.

f\RD E RED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, in the room of Edward Jefferyes Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Justice of the Counties of Chester, Flint, Denbigh, and Montgomery.

A Petition of the Burgesses, Freeholders, and other the Inhabitants, of the ancient Town and Borough of Dudley, 16

tugal, but never were in the Enemy’s Service:

And the Titles of the said Reports thereof were read.

The said Reports are hound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Reports be referred to the Consideration of the select Committee, to whom the several Estimates and Accounts relating to the Supply granted to her Majesty are referred-

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Tfwmas Gcry and

Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That her Majesty has been pleased to appoint to be attended by both Houses, with their Address, between One and Two of the Clock this Day, at s;

and that the Lords intend to be there at that time.

A Bill for granting an Aid tq her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1714, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved,

Supply,

Homan

Catholick

Officers.

Queen appoints to h* attended.

Supply Bill; Land Tax-

i.3 Ann.

24°-r — St6° dprilis.

591

Account of Logwood.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed that some of the Commissioners of the Custoras attended;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to

the House their Return to the Order for laying before fe7ting That the'Port oiM^ead, bftte Ex-

thes House an Account, for Ten Years, of Logwood, pence s Family of Dmfier Cattle, is now

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Capital Bnrgeffes, and Assistants of the Borough of Tiverton, is referred.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of in the County of Somerset, and Parts adjacent, together

with the Tradesmen and Labourers in the Woollen Manufactures, was pretested to the House, and read;

Watehet

Port.

imported and exported.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Return pud Account were read.

The said Return and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Return and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Exporting. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Wool. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Running of Wool;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next come Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Ri}l.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunte, 26° die \

Anno 13® Ann® Regin®, 1714.

Punning

foreign

Brandy.

Pray eks.

A PETITION of the Matters, Wardens, AflVstants,

and Commonalty, of the Trade, Art, and My fiery, be heard by Counsel, against the said Bill’s Patting.

very commodious and safe for great Ships failing thereon iu tempefiuous Weather; to the great F.neou-ragement of Trade: and the Petitioners cannot conceive any Advantage to accrue by making Watehet a staple Port; but rather a Disadvantage: And praying the Trade to Minehead may be continued, and Watehet remain a Creek, as now it is.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Assistants of the Borough of Truer ton, is referred.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants of the Town of Wirksworth, in the County of Derby, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the River Trent, by an Act of the 10th of King William the IHd, was made navigable to in

the County of Stafford; and was intended for the Benefit of the Country; -the Lord of the Manor of Burton-upon-Trent being intruded with carrying on the fame: That, by a Proviso in the said Act, no Wharf or Warehouse was to be built, or continued thereon, except of ancient Continuance, without Leave of the Commissioners and Undertaker: That one Haynes, a pretended Undertaker, with one Fojbrook, by Misconstruction of the said Act, have engrossed the foie Navigation to themselves; and to complete which, are endeavouring to pass a Bill for making the River Trent, in the Counties of

cester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable: And praying to

Trent

Navigation*

of Difiiliers, of London, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth. That, since the Duties laid on foreign Brandy, the Making of Brandy from malted Corn hath greatly increased, there being used, for several Years, within the Bills of Mortality, above 100,000 Quarters of Malt yearly in making English Brandy; which pays a great Duty to the Crown, and causesagreat-ConsumptionofCoals. Thai there is also annually used above 5,000 Hogslieads of Moloffes; but that every Gallon of Brandy run may be sold as cheap as the English Brandy; and, if not prevented, will be the entire Loss of the aforesaid Advantages: And praying a Bitt may be brought in to prevent the Running of foreign Brandy.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the 10th and nth Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An A for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Couq-tiee of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, ifthey think fit.

A Petition of the Merchants, and others concerned in Navigation, Inhabitants of Kingston-xipon-Hull, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the River Trent, by an Act of 10th King Wm. the Third, was made navigable to Burton-upon-Trent, in the County of and intended for the Benefit of the Country:

the more effectual preventing the Running of Brandy; That,^by the said Act, no Wharfhr^Warehpufe was to And that Sir Wm. Withers, and Mr. Jennings, dopre- ’ ' "

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Ditto.

Privilege.

Watehet

Port.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Mr. William Waller hath entered upon, and worked, the Lead-mines of Edward Vaughan Esquire, a Member of this House, within the Lordships of and

Talerlhig, in the County of , in Breach of

the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter therepf; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereon, to the House.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Farmers, and Clothiers, with other Labourers in the Woollen Manufactory, in the Town of Bampton, in D, was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, That it would be very beneficial to the Manufactory of this Town, and Parts ad-

be built, or continued, except of old Continuance, without Leave of the Commissioners and Undertaker; but one Haynes, a pretended Undertaker, and one by Misconttruction of the said Act, have engrossed the foie Navigation to themselves; an.d, tp complete which, are now endeavouring to pals a BiH for making the said River navigable, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford-, to the great Prejudice of Yra<jje: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said BiH.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whpm the Bril for making more effectual an Act, of the iofh , and 1 j.th Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, nayigable U committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, ifthey think fit.

A Petition of the Merchants, Trade ftpep, and Ioha- Ditto.

jacent, if Watehet and Somerset were made staple Ports: bitants, of the City of Lincoln, was presented to the

And praying a Bill may be brought in for that Purposo. House,

Vol. 17.

592

166 Apr

A. 1714.

House, and read; setting forth, That the River Trent was, by an Act of the 10th of King William the Third* made navigable to Bu; and intended for the Benefit of the Country; the Lord of the Manorof Burton being intruded in carrying on the fame; But, by a Proviso in the said Act, no Wharf or Warehouse was to be built, or continued, thereon, except of ancient Continuance, without Leave of the Commissioners and Undertaker: That one Haynes, a pretended Undertaker, and one Fojhrooke, by Misconstruction of the said Act, have solely engrossed the said Navigation to themselves; and, to complete which, are now endeavouring to pass a Bill for navigating the fame, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford; to the great Preju-

dice of Trade: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for mak- . ing more effectual an Act, of the 10th and itth Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and ,navigable, is committed:

And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

Trent A Petition of the Cheesemongers of the City of Lon-

Navigation. jon was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the River Trent was made navigable to upon-Trent by an Act of the 10th of King; and

was intended for the Benefit of the Country; the Lord of the Manor of Burton being intruded in carrying on he.fame: That, by the said Act, no Wharf, or Ware-- house was to be continued, or built, except of ancient Continuance, without Leave of the Commissioners or Undertaker; but one Hayna pretended Undertaker, and oneFv/brooke, by Misconstruction of the said Act, have engrossed the said Navigation to themselves; and, to complete which, are now endeavouring to pass a Bill for making the same navigable in Leicester, Derby, and Stafford; to the great Destructiou of Trade: And praying to be heard by Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the/aid Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act of the 10th and nth Years of the Reign of King William, intituled An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

Nyne Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to

Navigation, whom the Bill for making the River , or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Dunstable Sir Pynfent Chernocke reported from the Committee,

lioads. to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between Jlable and Hockley, in the County of Bedford, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning,

Alien* Sir William Withers presented to the House a Bill

«FO»od- for jjetter preventing the Covering of Aliens Goods

imported: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rffulved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Rea ’.in^ tions be discharged from proceeding upon the Petition. Lietuva of Owen Buckingham Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Heading, in the County of Berks; and that the said Mr. Buckingham have Leave to withdraw the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Lovebond:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act shepherd’# for repairing the Highways between Shepherd’s Shord, ^hord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading dow>n Bagdon Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of Highways thereunto adjacent, without Amendment.

The Lords hade also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Yarmouth Act for building a new Church, or Chapel of Ease, at Church. Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, by a Duty or Imposition on all Coals, Culm, and Cinders, to be landed there, without Amendment.

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Worcester Act for the repairing the Highway, or Road, from the l!oad-City of Worcester to the Borough of Droitivich, in the County of Worcester, without Amendment.

Ana then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- \v> outk tions be discharged from proceeding upon so much Election. of the Petition of Sir Thomas Hardy, William Harvey,

John Ward and Reginald Marriott, Esquires, complaining of an undue Ejection and Return for the Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the County of

Dorset, as relates to the said Mr. Ward.

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That both Answert# Houses did, on Saturday last, attend her Majesty with Addreli. their Address; and that her Majesty gave this most . gracious Answer;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The State of public Affairs in Europe, and the Ne-ceffities of my own Kingdoms, obliged me to enter into a Negotiation of Peace; and, notwithstanriing all Obstructions and Difficulties, I have, by the Blessing of God, brought it to a happy Conclusion.

I efieem this Address as the united Voice of my affectionate and loyal Subjects; and I return you all the heartiest Thanks which can be given by a Sovereign who desires nothing more than to fee her People safe and flourilliing.

Resolved, That the humble Thanks of this House be Thank* on . given to her Majesty for her most gracious An fiver to Answer. the Address of both Houses, presented to her Majesty on Saturday last.

Ordered, That the said humble Thanks be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are. of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

t

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this Ho,use will, upon Friday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. r House, to consider furl her of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Petition of Alexander Duff FSquire was presented to Land Tax n» the House’, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner’s deteriorated Lands in Cowlin, in Murranshire,' were formerly valued Land* at the annual Rent of £.76. 3.*. id.-, but the most Part thereof being covered withSand, blown from an adjacent Hill, the Petitioner’s Author was obliged to apply to the Parliament of Scotland who remitted the same to the Commissioners of the Treasury in Scotland: who freed the said Estate from any Land Tax for Two-thirds of the said valued Rent, commencing the nth of November 1698; and after, so long as these Lands were so overflown: That the aforesaid Estate is daily more and more

over-run

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Powell'*

Right of Trade.

Edinburgh

Bridges and Highways.

Drawback on Salt.

Stealing

Cattle,

13 Ann. 260--T270 593

over-mu with Sand, info much that a 6th Part of the said Estate is useless: Ami farther, the River jFwwfor#,wherein the Fifoing for Salmon was, ’being formerly a valuable Part of the ’Estate, hath altered its Cotirfe, by ruaning into the Seaaconsiderabie Distance froanthe said Lands, and is entirely loft; notwithstanding which ithe Collectors of the Land Tax demand a Eels for the said Estate conformable to the old valued Rent: And praying to be ftifcharged from the Land Tax of Two Thirds of the said valued Rent, conformable to the Act of Treasury. > Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to ttoe Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting van Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1714, is committed.

Ordered, That it he an fnstruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for transferring to the Register to be kept upon this Act for ithe Year 1714 the Loans remaining mifatisfied -upon the 14th Four Shillings Aid.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to itbe said Committee, That they have Power to receive a’Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That the List of Commissioners, directed to be prepared for the executing the said Act, be brought into the said CommiUee.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of >the whole House, upon the said Bill.

M r. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Com/ers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill} and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 27* die \

Anno 13* Annas Reginae, 1714.

Praters.

/ORDERED, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Powell, of London, Merchant, was referred, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Lockhart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for upholding and repairing the Bridges and Highways in the County of E, was committed; That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

A Bill for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Salt to be made use of for the Curing of Fish taken in the North Seas, or at IJleland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tharfday'bAorn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual preventing, and punish-Vox. 17.

ing, the Stealing, or unlawful Killing, of Cattle: And the same was reoeirod; and read the First time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for encouraging the Tobacco Trade, wap read Tobacco a Second time. . Tn*ie.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Tho. Crojfe reported from the select Committee, to whom the several Estimate6 and Accounts relating to the Committee Supply granted to her Majesty were referred, That they on Estimates had oonfidered the Estim&te of the Charge of Half-pay to au ' ccoun the Officers of the Land Forces, and Marines, disbanded, for the Year 1714; and had also oonfidered the Regimental Lift of Half-pay Officers; and also the State of ’the Demands of his Highness the EJeftor of Hanover, on Account ctf (his Troops which were in her Majesty’s Pay and Service in the Low Countries; and had directed him to report the Matter, as it appeared to them to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Reports in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

That the Committee took into Consideration the Estimateof the Charge of Half-pay to the Officers of the Land Forces, and Marines, diffianded, for the Year 1714:

The Estimate of which amounted £. s, d. to the Sum of - 131,127 15 5

That at the same time the Committee took also into Consideration the Regimental Lift of Half-pay Officers; and did observe, That, in the Estimate for Half-pay, there is a Sum computed for several other Officers, by her Majesty’s special Warrants, and not contained in theRegimentalLift, which amounts to the Sum of - 5,862 16 3

That the Committee Likewise took notice, That the Half-pay given by Parliament for the Year 1713,amounted to the Sum of - 99,028 611

And that there has been paid, on thatAc-count only, the Sumof 41,150 15 4

So that there remains due to the Officers for Half-pay to Christmas 1713 the Sum of

- 57,877 1*

That the Committee took into Consideration a State of the Demands of his Highness the Elector of Hanover, on Accdunt of his Troops who were in her Majesty’# Pay and Service in the Low Countries:

And it did appear, That, to complete the Pay of io, ooood Men, the Regiment of Hanover Dragoons, commanded by Baron Botkmar, for the Month’s March, and the Extraordina- £. s. d. ries of the said Troops, according to authentick Certificates, to the Day on which they separated from the Army, the Demand did amount to the Sum of -.....65,022 8 8

Ordered, That the said Reports be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

J M Ordered,

Trent

Navigation.

Nync

Navigation.

Answtr to Address.

Guildford

Election.

594

Ordered, That the said Estimate, Lift, and State, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Newark upon Trent, in the County of was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth. That the River

Trent, by an Act of the ioth of Kin was made

navigable to Burton upon Trent, in and

was intended for the Benefit of the Country j the Lord of the Manor of Burton being intruded in the Carrying on thereof; and, by a Clause in the said Act, no Wharf or Warehouse was to he built, or continued, except of old Continuance, without Leave of the Commissioners and Undertaker: That one Haynes,a pretended Undertaker, with one Fojbrooke, by Misconstraction of the said

Act, have engrafted the foie Navigation to themselves; and, to complete which, endeavour to pals a Bill for navigating the same in Leicester, Derby, and Stafford; to the great Destruction of Trade: and praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill’s Palling.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the loth and i ith Years of the Reign of his late Majesty YLmgintituled, An Act

for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, is committed:

And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, if they think fit, by their Counsel.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Nyne, or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then some of them a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questionfeve-rally put thereupon, some of them were agreed to, and others disagreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the House, That their Address, returning her Majesty the humble Thanks of this House for her Majesty’s most gracious Answer to the Address of both Houses, had been presented to her Majesty; and that her Majesty had received the same very graciously.

Sir Gilbert Dolben, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election, for the Borough of Guildford, in the County of Surrey, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon j which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report, and Resolution, in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition otjohn Walter Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Denzill OjiJIow Esquire to serve for the Borough of Guildford, in the County of Surrey:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Mayor, Freemen, and Freeholders, resident within the Borough, paying Scotland Lot.

It was also agreed, That such Freemen as have no Right to Freedom by Birth after their Fathers Freedom, or by Service of Seven Years Apprenticeship within the Borough to a Freeman, must be admitted by Consent of the Majority of the Mayor, Magistrates, and approved Men.

That the Poll was;

99 for the Sitting Member t t>'y for the Petitioner.

A. 1714.

That, to add to the Petitioner’s Poll Two Voters who were refuted, the Petitioner’s Counsel called,

Wm.Shudall: Who proved that Richard is a

Freeholder within the Borough, by producing a Conveyance from his Mother to him, in Fee, for £. 30; and that he tendered his Vote for the Petitioner:

And said, That Nathaniel Hyde, wholikewife tendered his Vote for the Petitioner, served Five Years Clerkship to Mr. Coldham, Town-clerk of Guildford, whose former Clerk, Edmund Yalien, was admitted to Freedom.

It appeared by the Journal of 3d February 1710, That, in the then controverted Election, it was proved that Yalden served a Clerkship in the Town to the Town-clerk, who was a Freeman; and that Yalden was admitted an Attorney of the Town Court.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel objected against 18 of the Sitting Member’s Voters for not being qualified; and againstTwo others for Bribery:

And they called,

Laurence Geale: Who said. He collected the Poor-rates at Michaelmas and Christmas last; the Widow Woods paid him those Rates: She, and not Caleb Woods, her Son, who voted, was rated in the Book; and the and not he, was rated in the new Book made since the Election; but, after that new Book was made, it was altered at Richard Meddin’s Shop; the Mayor would not sign it till the Widow Woods was struck out, and Caleb put in:

That Caleb Woods has a good Estate at Guildford; and they say he is a Voter.

John Howardsaid, Wm. Brookes does not pay Scotland Lot; the Vestry, last Lady-day Twelve Months, left him . out of the Book, at his own Desire, because of his Poverty; and he has been left out ever since.

Tho. Mulford said, Edward Smith is not resident; be came with his Family into the Borough just before the Election, and a few Days after went away again: He has a House in the Borough, but ’tis lett: He lives at the Priory-house, no Part of which stands within the Borough.* Since, he went to the Priory, he has served Assessor and Collector of the Land Tax, and Churchwarden, and Collector of the Window Tax, within the Borough: He is rated, and pays the Poor-rate, for his House in the Borough, by Agreement with his Tenant:

That St. Nicholas Parish is Part in the Borough, and Part out of it: Smith was Collector for that Part within the Borough; but he, and his Family, resided out of the Borough at the time of the Election; and he voted as living at the Priory.

John Wcfibrooke said, That no Part of the Priory-house, nor of the Land belonging to it, was ever looked upon, or reputed, to be in the Borough; but the Priory adjoins to St. Mary's Parish, which is within the Borough: That Smith has lived at the Priory Four or Five Years, and his Family Three Years: Since that time he has been Churchwarden, and now is an Assessor of the Land Tax, for that Part of St. Nicholas Parish which is within the Borough: His House in the Borough has been lett these Two Years: Smith is rated for it to the Poor: There was a Debate at the Vestry, but it did not come to a Question, Whether he, or the Tenant, should be in the Rate: Smith infilled to continue in it; and, being than an Officer, he was allowed to continue in the Rate, by Consent of the Majority of the Vestry: He then lived at the Priory; but has all along paid the Poor-rate for his House in the Borough.

Then Joseph Clarke wadRobert Hill were admitted to be no Freemen.

John Westbrooke said, That Richard Baden came into the Parish by Certificate from SMary's Parish: He was

put into the Poor-rate Two Years ago, and is continued in it; but has never paid, and has not been distrained, by reason of his Poverty: That the House he lives in is within the Borough, and he has a Bed in it.

John Crockford laid, That Baden served Two Years , Apprenticeship to his Father, at Croydon; and was then turned over, and served Five Years Apprenticeship at

Guildford;

37° Apr ills.

i3 Ann.

27* Aprilis.

595

Guildford, -, viz. Three Years to John and

Two Years to Joseph Benbrick.

Robert Whithall laid, That the Wives of Edmund El-

kins and John Miles are Tenants in commonof aHouse which is Freehold; and Part is in Stoke Parish, and Part in Guildford; the Value of the Whole is £3 per Annum:

That Miles lives at Stoke; and nobody voted for this House but Elkins.

John Howard Aid, That Roger Valler is no Freeholder, and is reputed to be no Freeman: The House he lives in is not in the Borough: But for that House he has served Constable in the Corporation, for the Parish of the Holy Trinity; and has voted at former Elections.

Robert Berry said, That V served his Apprenticeship to IVm. Hall, who was not a Freeman.

John Watts said, Valler told him. That Mr. Coldham, the Town-clerk, inrolled him, at his own-House, for 6 and said. His Master was no Freeman; and that he thought he bought his Freedom very cheap:

Watts farther laid, That such as have no Right to Freedom by Birth, or Service, cannot be made free but by the Magistrates; and it muil be for such a Fine to the Corporation as the whole Body set, at the Common-hall; and that £.15 has been given for Freedom where there was no Right: That they should call a Hall, on purpose to set the Fine; but they don’t take that Method now:

That Valler's House is not in the Borough; but for that House he has served Offices within the Borough, and has polled at former Elections; and no Exception was taken to his Vote: That Freemen vote by being inrolled; Freeholders without being inrolled.

Tho. Sands said, He has lived in 50 Years;

and that Five Guineas has been the Joweft Fine he ever knew taken for Freedom where there was no Right; £. 15 and £. 10 have been paid, and Two Guineas refused: The Fine ought to be'set by the Mayor, Magistrates, and approved Men; which are those that have served Bailiffs; none but those who have a Right, except Gentlemen, or Men of Quality, have been admitted to Freedom without a Fine to the Corporation: All who have Copies of Freedom are allowed to be Voters:

That it appeared, by Two Admissions under the Corporation-seal, that, in 1702,^. 15, and, in 1703,^. 10, were paid for Freedom.

John Watts and Tho. Sands said. That Richard wicke served Roger Valler.

John Mulford laid. That John Belts pretended to serve

James May; but did not serve his Time: He has often voted; was always queried; and, in the controverted Election in 1710, and in another before that, he was disallowed by the House of Commons.

That it appeared by the Journal of 18th December 1699, That, in the then controverted Election,

May Shoemaker, deposed, That Betts was only bound to him under a Colour to be made free of the Town; and that hisl ndentures were sealed Two Years after the Date; and that Betts lived with hisMother after he was bound,

and used the Trade of a Barber; though May acknowleged. That, during the time he was bound, he had the Benefit of his Service for about a Year and a Half.

Robert Whithall said. That James Goodyer served Seven Years to one Hollis at TilUngton in and

did not serve at Guildford.

Francis Steer said. That George Cook never served Seven Years in the Corporation.

Chriflo. Booker said. Cook is a,very poor Man; he has had ,£. 10 of the Hospital-money, and received Alms of the Parish Three Months ago.

Laur. Geale said , John Hall did not serve his Time in Guildford: That he is not in the Poors Book; the House he lives in ha6 been rated at 6.; but he came thither since the last Rate: That Inhabitants have no Right to vote, if they are not in the Poors Book.

John Muford said. That John Bibby served Angelo Burt-, but, before his Time was out, he absconded; and afterwards went to live at Horsham -, and never returned to his Master.

Yot. 17-

Robert Berrye laid, That Wm. Hill’s Father was Guildford bound Apprentice to him; but neither lived with him, Election. nor served him: He gave him up his Indentures; but never made him free: The Witness put Wm. Hill in Serjeant; and believes, He might vote in an Election when he was Mayor:

That Thomas Smalpeice served his Apprenticeship Five Miles out of Town, to one Blajden; but believes he pays Scotland Lot, and has voted.

John Watts said. That Thomas Smalpeice lives out of the Borough, at Mr. Randy I's, at: And be

told the Witness, he has not lived in his House for a , Twelvemonth.

Abr. Sands and Tho. Mulford said, That Thomas Thatcher served his Apprenticeship at Westminster, and not at Guildford, and that his Father was no Freeman.

That it appeared by the Journal of 13th December 1699, That, in the then controverted Election, Joseph

Benbrig deposed, That Thomas Thatcher had not been admitted to poll for 20 Years, and was refused, as no Freeman.

Robert Parkhurst said. That Henry Thatcher served only Five Years in Guildford to who

was no Freeman.

Tho. Mulford and Wm. Shudall said. That Robert Jackman confessed to them. That he voted for the Sitting Member, because Mr. Randyll got an Entail docked for him, and paid the Attorney’s Bill, which came to £. 15 or 16.

Tho. Mulford and John Wefibrooke said. That Wm. Williamson senior declared, That he did not vote for the Petitioner, because Mr. Quemel, one of the Magistrates, promised him£. 10 or 20 of the Hospital-money next Christmas, if he voted in their Interest.

That, to justify 15 of the Voters objected to as disqualified, no Objection being made against Wm.

May juniorj NehcmiahWilkins, and Hugh Moth

junior; the Sitting Member’s Counsel called,

John Woods: Who said. That his Brother, Caleb Woods, has an Estate of £. 100 a Year; and £. 20 a Year of it is within the Borough; and that he has paid the Queen’s Tax, and Poor-rates, ever since Michaelmas last.

Cha. Watleton laid, Caleb Woods has paid the Poor-rate for Half a Year last.

That it was admitted, That Wm. Brookes had formerly paid to the Poor; but that he did not pay the Two last Payments.

Joseph Burt said, That Part of the Priory-garden, where Edward Smith lives, is within the Borough ofGuildford: He has a House in Guildford; and is sometimes there, and sometimes at the Priory: His House at ford is lett; it is big enough for Two families, and was formerly Two Tenements: He is now an AileiTor in the Borough, and has been Churchwarden in the Borough, for that Part of St. Nicholas Parish which is within the Borough; and lived at the Priory at the same timd.

Joseph Benbrick said. That Richard Baden served Two Years of his Apprenticeship to his eldest Brother; and was then turned over to him with the Trade, and served Five Years to the Witness in Guildford.

Jof. Burt said, The Door-place, the Fore-room, the Kitchen, and Three Foot more, of Elkins' House, is in Guildford; and the other Part, where his Bed is, is in Stoke: The Tenement is £.3 a Year; and 5or. a Year of it is rated in the Borough to the Queen’s Tax.

Geo. Mabbank said, Edmund Elkins pays Scotland Lot in the Borough; and that he is rated at £iot. a Year.

That the following Entries are in the Town-book; viz.

29 Mar. 1703. Roger Valler allowed to be free, having served Seven Years to Wm. HaU:

30th July 1711. Richard Strudxvi, Apprentice to

Roger Valler, admitted:

17th September 1705. John Betts, Apprentice to James May, admitted by the Mayor: And,

29 May 1700. In a List of such Persons as are, at

this Guild, allowed to be Freemen, are,

James

Guildford

Eletfion.

if Aprilis. A. 1714.

James Goodycr* served 'Seven Yews to his Father

Sander: '

Geo. Cook; served Seven Years with Jokk John Haft; served Seven Years with his Father Humphry:

Wm. Hill, elded Son of his FatherffiT/wwi; a Weaver: 17th January 1703. John Bihby, Apprentice to An-

gelo Burt junior, admitted:

30th May 1670. Thomas Smferved Two Years to Adryan Van Preston of Gu, and Five Years to one Blafdenof Sheer; allowed to he a Freeman:

Thomas Smalpeice is rated in the Poor-rate for

summer 1713. And,

Peirce Majfey said, Smalpeice has lived at Guildford 30 Years; he works by the Day at Mr.; and

pays to the Poor at Guildford, and frequently lies there.

29 May 1700. Thomas Thatcher is entered a Freeman in the Town-book, as eldest.Son of his Father who

isentered a Freeman in the same Book in the Yeari664.

Bat Leonard Child said, Henry was elded Son to Thomas the Father; and that there was another elder Son, who died under Age.

That the Sitting Member’s Counsel objected against Seven of the Petitioner’s Voters, for not being qualified; and against Two others, for Bribery:

And they called,

Joseph Burt: Who said, Mr. Samuel is noFree-man; he confessed to the Witness he has no Vote for the County: That he got himself out of the Poors Book, upon account of his beiu^ Mailer of the Free-school; but said he would be put into it again, to qualify himself to vote for the Town in this Election.

Geo. Mabbank said, That, Six Years ago, Mr. Pigot was in the Poor-rate, but refused to pay; and since that time he has been oftener left out than continued:

That it was admitted Mr. Pigot has a Salary of £. 20 per Annum.

John Weston said, Nicholas Wheatley was bound Apprentice to him for Seven Years, and served between Four and Five Years; then he married, and bought out the rest of his Time for £. 10.

John Standish said, He was Fellow Apprentice with John Berxcick, whose Mailer gave him up his Indenture when he had a Year and a Half to serve.

Jeremiah West brook said, Wm. Stout has a House in

the Borough, but ’tis mortgaged to Mr. Randyllhe lives in the back Part of it; and the Witness don’t know be is a Freeman:

The Counterpart of the Mortgage was produced.

John Child said, John Wa was queried by the Mayor nt the Poll; and could not make out his Bight, either as a Freeman, or a Freeholder.

Daniel Burgess said, Cafilion Clerke was bound Apprentice to him; he often absconded, and refusedhisSer-vice; but actually served him Six Years and a Quarter, besides his Absences; having been an ill Servant, the Witness, at his Father’s and Mother’s Requell, discharged him when he had Three Quarters of a Year to serve.

Mr. Child said, John Gilliam has always lived at

Stoke; feme Part of his House is in the Borough; but the Door that goes in and out of it is in Stoke.

John Webb l'uid, Gilliam is now nominated to be Overseer of the Poor for Stoke.

Pearce Maffiy said, John Halts declared, That, if the Petitioner did not bring down the Commission to inspect the charitable Uses of the Town, he would not give him his Vote.

John Jeicer said, George Barncfey told him, lie voted for the Petitioner, because he promised to help him to a Debt of £. 10 due from One of the Parishes: And the Witness laid* The Petitioner asked his Vote, and promised to help him to a Debt ofjf. 4 that was due to his Wife from another Person; but he voted for M r. Onjloto.

That, to prove farther Offcre of Bribery, the Sitting Member’s Council called,

John Belts: Who said, He voted for the Sitting Mem-

ber; but, if be would ‘have voted for the Petitioner, he was offered a Treat of£. 10 to be spent at his Hoyle; and the Petitioner's Servant offered him the Making of £. 10 worth of Nets.

George Cook said. That, Two Nights before the Election, Joseph Clements offered him Three Guineas to vote for the Petitioner; and, in case he would not, he offered him a G uinea to go out of Town; but he voted for the Sitting Member:

That, the Night before the Election, the Petitioner asked his Vote; and he answering, That he was otherwise engaged, the Petitioner desired him to go out of Town; but did not offer him any Money.

Jonathan Darbij said. That Mr. Pigot promised him £. 10 or 15 to vote for the Petitioner; hut he voted for the Sitting Member.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel infilled, That the Entries in the Town-book, of the Persons objected to for not being regular Freemen, were made by the Town-clerk, without any Authority; and therefore such Entries do not give a Right to Freedom.

That the Sitting Member’s Counsel infilled those Entries were regularly made.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Denzil Onjloxo Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Guildford, in the County of Surrey.

Resolved, That the I louse doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Dentil Onslow Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in thi6 present Parliament for the Borough of Guildford, in the County of Surrey,

Sir Gilbert Dolben, according to Order, reported from st. Alban’* the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, Eletfion. as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report and Resolutions, in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow;

Upon the Petition of John Gape Esquire complaining of an undue Election and Return of Hale Esquire to serve for the Borough of Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford:

That the Petitioner’s Counsel alleged this Borough to be a Borough by Prescription, confirmed by several Charters; and that the Right of Election is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Freemen, and such Hou (holders only as pay Scotland Lot.

That the Sitting Member’s Counsel alleged, That honorary Freemen have no Right to vote.

That, to prove the Right of Election to be as the Petitioner’s Counsel alleged, they produced the Charter of nMay7° Ed. the VI. which incorporates the Mayor,

and 10 Aldermen; and gives Power to them, or the major Part of them, to elect Burgesses, habit antibus burgi:And,

The Resolution of the House of Commons of iotli March 1700, That the Right of Election for this Borough is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Freemen, and such Housholders only as pay Scotland Lot:

And the Petitioner's Counsel called,

Wm.Maston Who said, He has known the honorary Freemen vote for 68 Years without Objection; he was Mayor in 1705, and then they voted on both Sides without Exception; and, since that time, they have been always admitted.

Wm. Hunt said, That for 32 Years he has known the honorary Freemen vote without Exception:

That the Right of Election is in the Freemen at large; and the being honorary Freemen, or not re-~* fident, is no Disqualilication:

That,

.13 Ann. 27* Aprilis.

597

That in all Elc&ions since 1705 the honorary Freemen have voted on all Sides, without Exception:

That Freemen ought not to be made without the Mayor, and a Majority of the Aldermen present; but several have been made by a Minority, and not objected to in the Town; but that some, made free in Mr. Sea-brook's Mayoralty, were set alideby the Court of Queen’s Bench, as illegally made, because only Two Aldermen were present.

Francis Halford said. He has known the Borough rear 40 Years: That the Right of Election is in the Freemen in general; and that since 1705 the Freemen at large have been polled on both Sides, and were so polled in the lait Election; and he never knew any honorary Freemen refused.

That the Sitting Member’s Counsel alleged, That before the Year 1700 honorary Freemen were admitted sparingly; but that in September 1705 Mr. Stone, the then Mayor, called Two Courts, and admitted 50 Freemen; which being complained of in the next Parliament, the House of Commons set aside the honorary Freemen. They called,

Edmund Ay heard-, who has been 20 Years Town-clerk, and has known the Corporation above 30 Years; He produced the Town-book; by which it appears, that upon 5th September 1705, 45 Freemen were admitted; but it is not distinguished, nor could he say, how many of them were honorary Freemen; but he said several of them had a Right:

That the Sitting Member did object against honorary Freemen at this Election; but that ever since the Witness has known the Corporation they have polled on all Sides, and were never disputed till 1705.

T/10. Down said. That he supposed all those who were admitted the 5th of September 1705, except One or Two, were honorary Freemen; because the Question was put, whether honorary Freemen should be made.

That it appeared by the Journal of 24th 4® Anna, That the House then resolved, That the Right ,of Eleciion for this Borough was in the Mayor, Aldermen, and such Freemen only as have a Right to Freedom by Birth or Service, or have it by Redemption in order to trade or inhabit within the said Borough, and in the Housholders paying Scotland Lot.

Joshua Pember said, That at the Election in 1707 all the honorary Freemen were refused, except Mr.

Killigrew-,who was admitted, because he had served Member of Parliament; the Mayor then declared he would conform himself to the last Resolulion of the House of Commons; and therefore he refused the honorary Freemen:

In 1710 Mr. Turnir was Mayor; he likewfe refused the honorary Freemen; and declared, He would poll according to the last Resolution of the House of Commons, without the honorary Freemen; neverthe->.less, he owned. That he polled them in a By-book, to fee if he ftionld want them for Mr. Gape; but there was a Majority without them:

That there never was at One time any great Number of Freemen made before 1705.

That the Committee came to this Resolution; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of St. , in the Coun-

ty of Hertford, is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Freemen, and such Housholders only as pay Scotland Lot.

' That the Poll was 308 for the Sitting Member:

294 for the Petitioner.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel objected against 100 of the Sitting Member’s Voters: and culled Who said, That, upon the 19th of last, at the an-

nual Feast of the Scholars of Hertford, Mr. Hale asked his Vote; and said, If his Hat-crown full of Guineas would not procure the Election, he would fill it brim-full, and try what that would do; that he supposed Bribery would be proved on both Sides; and if it were made a void Election, he would try who would be tired firit: The Vy»L. 17-

Writ came down that Night; but the Precept for St. st. Albans Albans was not then out.. , - Election.

Mr. Robert Rumney said,.That, upon the 19th of August last, he heard Mr. Hale say. That, if Money would carry the Election, he did not fear it.

John Dagget and JVm. Stepney said, They heard Peter

Crompton own. That the Duke of s Steward

gavehimThree Guineas to vote for the Sitting Members.

JVm. Farmer said, JVm. Reynolds told him. That John Sparling gave him Three Guineas, and that Mr. Pembroke and Mr. Ironmonger lent him 15/. to vote for the Sitting Members.

Edward Boden named Persons who had confessed to him, that they had received Bribes, to give their Votes for Mr. Hale from Thomas IVild, Edward Wright, Joshua Pembroke, George Coke, Stephen Humble, John Wethered, Thomas Hollis, Joseph Eeles,

Thomas Doicnes, Doctor Parker, Edward Seabrooke,

John Rudd, or some or One of them; all which Persons were Agents for the Sitting Members.

Those Bribes were generally from One Guinea to Four Guineas: He likewise named Nine Persons who confessed to him they were promised Rewards to give their Votes for Mr. Hale-, and Six others who owned they gave their Votes for Mr. Hale, because they were allowed to draw Drink upon his Account.

John Leonard, said, That Solomon Halford told him,

He had Six Guineas for his Vote for Mr. Hale: And,

That Mr. Hale had promised him the same again, if it were a void Election: The Witness said. He had Four Guineas for his Vote for Mr. Hale: And,

That Ralph Hodfdon owned he had 40s. and James Fieldmot owned he had £.4 17 s.to vote for Mr. Hale.

John Dagget said, He saw Alderman Coke give Money to Cole, to be distributed to the People on the Sitting Member’s Account:

That Robert Arrowfmithand Matthew Rogers told him they voted upon Promises of Rewards:

That JVm Hill told the Witness, He voted for Mr.

Hale for fear of being arrested.

Tho. Dockley said, John Fitch gave him Two Guineas for his Vote for the Sitting Members; and that he did not give any Note for them.

John Midwinter said, That John Crofts owned he had £.z 12 s.6d. and Ralph Hodson owned he had -40*.;

and they said, ’Twas for their Votes for the Sitting Members.

JVm. Hunt said, Francis Saville told him he had Five Guineas for his Vote for the Sitting Member Mr. Hale.

That it appeared, by the Evidence of the Overseers of the Poor, That 15 others of the Sitting Member’s Voters; viz. John Cor dwell, Richard Crainer, John Eaton, Thomas Hawgood, Ralph Hodson *. Puddifat,

Rogers, John Townsend, Thomas Pryor, Robert

cholls, Wm. Martin, Joseph Harr up, Edward Fen, Benjamin Kentish, and JVm. Wilder, had received Alms, and Parish Charities.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel objected against Five others of the Sitting Member’s Voters; viz. Coxhead,

Wm. Coxhead, JV:m. Davies, Robert and Mat-

thezoStephetis, as irregular Freemen, made whenAeafirooA was Mayor, and but Two Aldermen present; whereas ' ere ought to have been present Six Aldermen.

That the Sitting Member’s Counsel complained,

That they were, in a great measure, deprived of their Evidence by Edward Boden a having charged their chief Witnesses either with giving or taking Bribes; which, they alleged, was a Contrivance to prevent their Testimony:

And, todilcredit Boden, they called,

John Sparling: Who said, That, upon Sunday Seven-zht after the Election, Edward Boden told him, That had received of Mr. Hale 15 or 1 the Day before:

That Mr. Hale was ftiy to him, and, as he fancied, believed him a Rogue; but he declared, That he knew nothing that would do the Election any Harm; and said further, That the Petitioner’s Agents had pressed him to

7 N betray

59* ^7 Aprilis. . 1714.

SuAlban* betray Mr. Hale; and that young Mr. Gape would EU&km. give him 50 Guineas for it: That if he would be a Rogue, he could have Money enough for it; but that be would be cut to Pieces first.

Eliz. Cook said, That, Six Weeks after the Election, Boden, Winter, and Leonard, were together at an AJe-house, and sent for her Husband; he, being busy, did not go; but she went, and Boden offered her, That if her Husband would say he had Money of Mr. Hale, Boden would pay his Debts to the Value of £.5. She told Roden, That her Husband had nothing; and, notwithstanding flie said lb, Boden made the same Offer again; and pressed that her Husband would say be had Money, though he had none.

Jeremy Fitch said. That, since the Election, Edward Boden asked him. If he had any Bribe from Mr. Hale: He answered, That he had no Bribe: After he had said so, Boden offered to help him to a great deal of Joyners Work in the Hospital-school, if he would say he had a Bribe; and, at another time after that, Boden romifed to help him to Sir Thomas Sebright's Work, if e would say he had a Bribe from Mr. Hale.

John Fitch said. That the Two Guineas Tho. had of him was Money actually lent to him upon his own Request, only as a Friend, and without any regard to the Election: He expects to be repaid the Money: He produced Dockleys Note for it, payable on Demand; and said, The Money was lent upon the Election-day, after Dockley had polled: and that Dockley desired to borrow it.

Mattheio Stevens said. He is a Witness to the Note, and saw Dockley sign it; the Money \vas lent after he had polled, and nothing was then said* of the Election.

Thomas Chickley said. That Joseph Lynum, upon the Election-day, told him, That before hepolled, young Mr. Gape, that Day, gave him Two Guineas for his Vote.

Tho. Wyldes said, he offered young Mr. Gape, a single Vote for his Father if he would make him free; and thereupon young Mr. Gape gave him for. to take up his Freedom; which he did:

That, upon the Election-day, young Mr. Gape promised him 25s. more for his single Vote: He voted, and afterwards went for the Money; and, meeting with Mr. Gape the Petitioner, he gave him to*.; and said. That he had loft the Majority, and had been at great Charge: That

Richard Sims told him, That To. Crumblestone, who made Interest for the Petitioner, gave him a Guinea to vote for the Petitioner.

Richard Gardener said, Mr. Whip, a Clergyman, who acted for the Petitioner, gave him a Guinea for his Vote; the Money was promised before the Poll, and received after.

Emanuel Peacock said. That Mr. Whipp offered him Two Guineas to vote for the Petitioner; and the Petitioner himself offered him a Guinea for his Vote; but he voted for the Sitting Members.

Anne Nicholls said. That Mr. Snell, who solicited Votes for the Petitioner, offered her a Coat for her Child, and a Suit of Clothes, worth £.5 for her Husband, for his Vote for the Petitioner: She had the Child's Coat; but, her Husband voting for Mr. Hale, the next Day after the Election, the Childs Coat was taken away.

Tho. Cooper said, He voted for the Petitioner, be-tcause young Mr. Gape promised him his Freedom for it.

Tho. Bradwyn said, That he was in Custody, and had his Liberty upon giving Bond for being a true Prisoner; and that. Ten Days before the Election, the Bond was delivered up to him, for his Vote for the Petitioner.

John Crainer said. That he voted for the Petitioner, because Mr. A lajion, the Petitioner's Brother-in-law, gave him a Note for £.$ due upon an old Reckoning, of Six Years Handing, between him and the said Mellon; and that he has since received /.a. x u. of the Money.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Kesolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*-That Wm. Hale Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St.

Albans, in the County of Hertford.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Gape Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of St. Albans.

The First and Second Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

the Third Resolution being read a Second time, That John Gape Esquire is duly elefled a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of St. Albans.

And a Motion being made and the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That John Gape Esquire is duly defied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of St. Albans;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

T*" for the Yeas, { Jfc } .94-

Tellers for the Noes.t "f; wZ'Jin: } ‘38-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford, by rafing out the Name of Wm. Hale Esquire; and inserting the Name of John Gape Esquire inllead thereof.

Sir Gilbert Dolben, acording to Order, reported from Bury the Committee of Privileges and Elections, t he Matter, St- lidiuuud* as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the election. Borough of Bury St. Edmunds, in the County of , and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read , and the Report, and Resolutions, areas follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Jermyn Davers and Gilbert Affleck Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return of the honourable Carr Harvey, Esquire, and Aubrie Porter Esquire, to serve for the said Borough of Bury Saint Edmunds

That the Question was touching the Right of Election;

That the Sitting Members are elected by the select Number, the Petitioners by the Populace:

That the Petitioners Counsel alleged, That Edmunds is a Borough, and a Corporation, by Prescription, by the Name of Alderman and Burgesses; and that the Right of Election is in the Alderman and Burgesses resident in the Borough paying Scotland Lot:

That this was denied by the Sitting Mefnbers Counsel; who alleged. The Right of Election is in the Alderman, Twelve Capital Burgesses, and 24 Burgesses of the Common Council, to whom that Privilege was originally granted by Charter of 12 Jac. 1°; before which time they alleged, That this Borough never did fend Members to Parliament.

‘J'o prove this a Borough by Prescription; and that the Right of Election is as the Petitioners Counsel alleged; they produced the following Records;

24 Feb. x* Richardilldl, a Writ, directed manno ville de Sanflo Edmundo, commanding him to

make a Levy upon the Inhabitants for repairing the Guildhall:

13 September, 30th Edward 1"*, a Parliament Writ, directed to the Sheriff of Norfolk and , for Election of Members for those Counties, and for the Cities and Boroughs therein; to which a Schedule is annexed of Members for those Counties; and for Norwich Ijfficich, and Dim;cich:

As to Yemetnuth and Lenn, the Return is. That the Sheriff had issued his Precept to their Bailiffs for Election of Burgesses; and that they had made him no Anftver:

And

13 Ann.

And the Sheriff fays, Et pro duobus eh-

gend’ de villa Sancti Edmundi, feci brevis

Jencfcallo libertatis Sancti Ed qui habet retuma omnium brevium, et execut tones eorum; et idem

callus nihil vide mihi rejpondit.

15th May, 14 Edwardi, IH'U, another Parliament Writ, indorsed thus; Prec' Norwyc', Jernemi,

Gyppetoyc’ Donetvyc', p' et Ed:

That no Return is annexed to this Writ.

5th Apr. 34 Edward I"1, another Parliament Writ, indorsed thus; Prec'omnibus ballivis Norjf, Hertes-mere B/yton, Norzoic', Jernem', p' S.

Etli, Don’, Gipp', Or ford:

A Return is annexed of Members for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, Norwich, Yarmouth, Ipswich, Dunwich, and Orford:

21st November, 21 Edward III*11, another Parliament Writ, indorsed thus; Eth', S. Norwich, Gippezoic', Don', Jerhe, Lenna:

A Return is annexed of Members for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, Norwich, Yarmouth, Lynn, Ipf-xoich, and Dunwich:

That there is no Return to these Two Writs for St. Edmunds.

5* Edward III'11, An Agreement, made before the King and Council, for determining Differences between the Abbot and Convent of Saint Edmund, ex parte una et Richardum de Drayton et alios homines de villa de Sancto Edmundo ex parte altera; reciting that the Abbot had recovered against those Men £.140,000 Damages, in Three Actions of Trespass, before Justices in Eyre:

The Abbot and Convent, ad requisitionem Regis, for Peace-fake, release to them, their Heirs, Executors, Successors, and Assigns, £. 122,333 6s.; and, upon Payment of 2,000 Marks in 20 Years, by Half-yearly Payments of 100 Marks per Annum, 4,000 Marks of the remaining £.17,666 13s. 4 dare released in the same manner.

If they do not feekRelief against the Judgment, ttorfue the Jury, £. 10,000 more are released in thefamemanner:

If they be of good and peaceable behaviour towards the Abbot and Convent, nec communitatem de in eadem villa clament, feu manuteneant, the Resid ue is

released in the same manner: And,

Upon this Dicti homines dicta villa de San&o Edmundo recognoverunt SC conceffcrunt projefier' quod ipji communitatem in dista villa de San&o Edmundo de fe non habent, nec habere debait; nec clamant, nec clamare poteruni in futuro.

That the Petitioners Counsel argued. That these Actions against the Men of this Town; and this Release being to them, and their Successors; and their Disclaimer being for them, and Successors; were an Evidence of their being a Community, and a Corporation: and that thereby, and by the other Records produced, it appeared they were an ancient Community; had an ancient Guild, and a prescriptive Right to fend Members to Parliament; and that such Community and Privileges were suppressed by this Agreement, and the Power of the Abbot; so that the Corporation durll not afterwards claim a Right to fend Members to Parliament:

That they farther argued, as an Evidence of such Prescription, That the head of this Town is styled Alderman; and that every Town in England whoseHead or chief Officer is so styled, was founded in the time of the Saxons.

That they produced the Journal of the 3d, and of the 14th, of May 1660: whereby it appeared. That, upon the 3d of May, the House resolved, That the Members returned by the proper Officer ought to fit till the Merits of the Cause were determined upon the Double Return; and, upon the 14th of May, the House determined, That the Members chosen by the select Number were duly elected and ought to fit: and ordered the Return of the other Two,'signed by the Inhabitants of the Borough, to be taken off the File.

Vojl.17.

599

That tl»e Sitting Members Counsel denied the Bury Precrfption; and infilled, That this is a Corpora- st. Edmonfl* tion originally created by Charter: And, upon the Election. Evidence and Arguments offered for the Petitioners, they observed. That it does not appear by any of the Records produced. That ever this Borough sent Members to Parliament in those Times: That, if they then had such Right, they would have then made Returns to the Precepts; which it appears they never did:

That it appears, by the Agreement in Edward the Illd's time between the Abbot and Town of St. Edmund, That the Town had claimed Privileges as a Community, and were forejudged of them in Eyre:

That it appears, by the Journal of 14th May 1660,

That the Determination of the House was for the fele&

Number: And,

The Sitting Members Counsel produced a Charter; of 4* Jac. I. which incorporates this Borough by the Name of Alderman and Burgesses; and constitutes the Corporation to consist of the Alderman, Twelve Capital Burgesses, and 24 Burgesses of the Common Council; and grants several Franchises.

Another Charter, of 6" jac. I. which grants further Franchises; in neither of which Charters is there any Mention made of fending Members to Parliament;

12 Jae. I. A Charter granting several Franchises; and, among others, a Power to the Alderman, Capital Burgesses, and Burgesses of the Common Council; to elect Two Members of Parliament: And,

The Sitting Members Counsel called,

Mr. John Crajke; Who said, That he has known the Liberty of St. Edmund's-bury30 Years, and has been

Steward of it; they have the Retorna for that

Liberty, but not the Fastio breviu': Their Executions are by the Sheriff’s Warrant.

That he never heard, That the Bailiff of St. Edmund?* ever returned Members to Parliament; nor ever knew any Precept directed to him.

That the Corporation of the Borough has distinll Privileges from those of the Liberties; and hold Courts; and have aLeet; and their Writs are directed -marmo, et capitalibus burgenjibus, et burgenjibus de -

municoncilio burgi SanftiEdmundi, in com'

That it appeared by the Town-book, and was admitted, That all the Returns since the Year 1660 have been by the felefct Number.

That the Petitioners Counsel, by way of Reply, observed, that the Charter of 4° Jac. I1 recites, that the Town of Bury St. Edmund was Burgus, Jive villa an-, tiqua; and had Privileges and Franchises, as well by divers Charters, as Prescriptions and Cnlloms, ab antiquo ujitat'; which, they argued, thisCharterdid only revive and confirm 5 and that the Charges of the Burgesses being, by the Charter of 12 Jac. Iml, laid upon all the Inhabitants, therefore they ought to choose:

And the Petitioners Counsel added further. That and not burgus, was the Appellation used in the Saxon time.

That the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bury St. Edmund's, in the County of Suffolk, is in the Alderman, 12 Capital geffes, and 24 Burgesses of the Common Council, of the said Borough.

That the Petitioner’s Council admitted the Sitting Members to be duly elected, upon the Foot of this Resolution.

And the Committee came to the following Resolutions;

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the honourable Carr Harvey Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bury St.Edmund's, in the County of

Suffolk.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Aubrie Porter Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to

serve

oo6 2j° Apri. A. 1714.

serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bury St. Edmund's.

The said resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Buckingham Sir Gilbert Dolben, according to Order, reported from

Elc&ion. the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching t.he Election for the Borough of Buckingham, in the County of Buckingham, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and the Report, and Resolutions, are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Richard Temple and Sir Edmund Denton Baronets, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Thomas Chapman Esquire, and John RadcliffeDoCtor in Physick, to serve for the Borough of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Bailiff, and principal Burgesses; the whole Number of which are 13.

That the Poll was;

8 for Mr. Chapman:

7 for Dr.:

6 for Sir Richard Temple:

5 for Sir Edmund Denton:

That the Petitioner’s Counsel alleged. They should add Three to their ;Poll, who were illegally removed by the Bailiff; viz.John and Hugh Bruce; and take four from the Sitting Members Poll, who were unduly elected; viz. Edmund , Ro-

bert North, Thomas Bourne, and James

It appeared by the Town-Book, That, gth Feb. 1712, North the Bailiff, and Four Burgesses;

I.it tie, Blunt, and Sheen; declared the Places of M afoot, Wife, and Bruce, and Sibthorp, to be void, for their not having received the Sacrament, according to the Corporation Act: And that Seven other Burgesses;

Mason, Turpin, Pulley, Carter, Mufcot, Wife, and Bruce, protested against this Proceeding; except as to Sibthorpe, who submitted as unqualified; and, upon the nth of the same Month the Bailiff, and the same Four that joined with him in the Amoval, elected Sibthorpe, North, Bourne, and Naseby, into the Places of those Four which they had so amoved.

It also appeared,

That in Hill.Term, 11* Anne, an Information, in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, was brought against Sibthorpe;

and that he disclaimed; And,

That John Harrison, who was elected in Sibthorpe's room, by the Votes of those Seven who protested against the Amoval of Mufcot, Wife, and Bruce, in Easier Term, 12 Anne, brought a Mandamus against Mr. North, the Bailiff, to swear him into Office; and obtained a Verdict; and had Judgment, upon a Return of suit eleflus; and, upon a peremptory Mandamus granted thereupon, lie was sworn into Office the 29th 1713.

That it appeared, That , Wfe, and Bruce, all

along acted from the time of their Election till their Amoval; and that they have brought Mandamuses to be restored.

That as to the Amoval of Mufcot, Wife, and

Sibthorpe, the Petitioners Counsel called,

John Warr, Wm.Mason, John Townsend junior, and JVm. Mead: Who said. That, upon the 9th of February 1712, Mr. North, the Bailiff, l'ummoned the principal Burgesses: When they were met, he declared. He sum-thoued the Meeting to alk fume Questions; and then healked Mufcot, Wife, Bruce, and Sibthorpe, severally, Jf they did qualify themselves to be principal Burgesses ao

of the Borough of Buckingham, by receiving the Sacrament within the Year next before their Election: Mufcot and Wife answered, That they did qualify them-

selves; Bruce said. He did not think himself obliged to

give him an Account; but if he was called before a proper Authority, he would give a very good Account of his Qualification: Sibthorpe owned himself unqualified, and submitted himself to them: The Bailiff replied. That he did not believe any of them were qualified; and therefore he voted them all out, and their Places void: That Four of the principal Burgesses joined with him in this Amoval; and signed a Declaration of it in the Town-book, though they did not vote:

That Seven other principal Burgesses, of which cot, Wife, and Bruce, were Three, protested against this Proceeding, except as to Si; and they likewise entered and signed such their Protest in the Book.

That it was admitted, That, upon 29th 1713, John Harrison was sworn into the Office of a principal Burgess, by virtue of a peremptory Mandamus, founded, upon a Verdict, that he was duly elected; and he polled in this Election: And,

Mr. Faux said. He was present when the Cause between Harrison and North was tried; the Question was whether Harrison was duly elected into the Office of a principal Burgess, or not; the Nature of the Evidence was, That there was Seven proved to vote for him, and Five for Sibthorpe', and the Jury allowed the Seven to be the best Number: Mufcot, and Bruce, were

Three of those Seven:

Being cross-examined, be said, that Mufcot and Wife were examined as Witnesses for Harrison; and Mujcot swore, That he himself had taken the Sacrament within the Year before his Election; and there were several other Witnesses that did corroborate his Testimony.

That the Petitioners Counsel argued. That Ilarrifon s Right being founded upon the Qualifications id Mufcot, Wife, and Bruce, upon whose Votes he was elected, this Evidence of his Right is an Evidence of their Qualifications:

But, as a further Proof of such Qualifications, they called,

Wm. Mead, Wm. Mason, Jane Townsend, and John Neale: The Substance of whose Evidence was. That Mufcot, Wife, and Bruce, have been constant Churchmen for 30 Years, and never went to Meetings, or were reputed Dissenters; they have frequently received the Sacrament fmee they have been Burgesses; but the Witnesses could not say they ever saw them do it before, though they often saw them at Church: And that Mufcot was 10 Years in Office before he was questioned.

It appeared by the Town-book, That John Mufcot was elected a principal Burgess upon the 18th 1702: And,

Francis Farmer said, That, in 1702, he was Mr. Mufcott'sHofiler; and observing that upon the Easier Sunday in that Year, he staid at Church later than other People, the Witness afited the Excise Officers that went with him to Church, who were Strangers, If he received the Sacrament with them; and they told him, That he did: This, he particularly remembers, was in the Year of the Queen’s Accession to the Throne.

John Parnell said, That, upon the Easter-day before Mufcot was elected a Burgess, the Witness saw Mujcot, and Two Excisemen, go to Church, and come back together; they staid at Church about half an Hour longer than other People: He heard the Gentlemen over Night desire Mufcot to go with them to receive the Sacrament the next Day; and that Wm.Mufcot a Iked Jo. Mufcot, when he came back, Whether he did receive the Sacrament with them; and he answered, That he did: The Officers were Strangers; they cauie in over Night, and were Lodgers there.

Wm. PurJ'dlsaid, That he was invited to Dinner at

Mufcot's, upon Easier-day 1702; when he came, Muj-

cot was not at home; his Servants, and others in the

House,

13, Ann. . 38°

601

crapaent, in that time; but he came to Church some- Buckingham times with Strangers that lodged at his House: Election.

That Bruce has received the Sacrament since his Election; but he don’t know that he did it before: He can’t say that Wife received the Sacrament in the Year immediately preceding his Election; but he did receive it in the Course of Five or Six Years before.

George Wyat said, He has lived at Buckingham ever since the Coronation of King William: That he is acon-stant Frequenter of the Church, and receives the Sacrament Eight times in a year} and never knew, or saw,

Mufcot at Church before he was elected a Burgess; he was counted a Roman; and, when he was chosen Burgess, the common Cry was, That now Mufcot must come to the Sacrament.

Thomas Lancaster said, That he attends at the Sacra-

ment, and did receive it at Easter 1702; but never knew that Mufcot received the Sacrament before he was a Burgess: When he came to receive it afterwards, he was so unacquainted, that he flood in the Middle of the Chancel; and did not know where to go, till be was directed:

Being cross-examined, he said, there is a particular Place where the Burgesses receive the Sacrament.

Robert Mills said, Bruce has confessed to him, that he was not qualified; and said. He believed there were others in the same Cafe.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Mufcot is not qualified, according to the Act

of Parliament for the well Governing and Regulating of Corporations, to be a principal Burgess of the Borough of Buckingham, in the County of Rucks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Wm.Wife is not qualified, according to the Act

of Parliament for the well Governing and Regulating of Corporations, to be a principal Burgess of the Borough of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Hugh Bruce is not qualified, according to the Act of Parliament for the well Governing and Regulating of Corporations, to be a principal Burgess of the Borough of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Thomas Chapman Esquire is duly elected, a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Radcliffe Doctor in Physick is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Buckingham.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

House, told the Witness, He was gone to receive the Sar crament with Two Excisemen: When they came home, those Two Excisemen told the Witness, That Mufcot received the Sacrament with them: He remembers, when he came from Church, Mufcot fell into a Passion with his Wife for spoiling the Vittuals; and the rebuked him for being angry just after receiving the Sacrament:

The Witness, being cross-examined, owned himself to be a Roman Catholick; and that Mufcot is his Father-in-law.

Mary Orme said, Mufcot is her Father; he invited her to Dinner upon Easter-day, in that Year the Queen came to the Throne; when the came, her Mother told her he was gone to Church to receive the Sacrament with Two Excisemen: She remembers he staid a little longer than other People; and, when he came in, grew a little angry with her Mother about the Victuals; but she heard no Discourse between them about receiving the Sacrament.

That it appeared by the' Town-book, that Wm. Wife was elected a principal Burgess upon the ia of June 1706 j and Hugh Bruce upon the 8* of 06lobei' 1707.

John Baldwyn said. He is Apprentice to Wife; has known him Six Years, and Three Quarters; and has known him frequently receive the Sacrament in that Time.

That the Sitting Members Counsel infilled. That Harr if on's, Vote was admitted, only as he is in defatto, in Obedience to the mandatory Writ; and that the Verdict for him was founded upon the Evidence of Mufcot and Wife, who swore for themselves.

To prove which, they called,

Nicholas Merwin: Who said. That at Harrison's Tryal, Mufcot and Wife gave Evidence of their own Qualifications:

That there were a great many other Witnesses; but, he apprehends, it turned upon s Evidence, be-

cause he spoke of his receiving the Sacrament with so many particularCircumstances; w/x.That he remembered it to be in that particular Year in which the Queen came to the Throne; that it was upon the Easter Sunday next immediately after her Accession; and that he then received it at Buckingham, with the Collector and Supervisor of the Excise, who had a Sitting at that time at his House: ThefeCircumstances, to all which swore,

he believes swayed the Jury to find Harrison's Title.

That it was admitted that Mufcot was convicted of Perjury; and that the Verdict was set aside, by Rule of Court.

Tho. Antwijfell said, That in 1702 he was Collector of the Excise for the County of Bucks: That at Easter in that Year there was no other Collector of the Excise for that County but himself; and he finds, by his fitters and Accounts, he was at that time at Aylesbury, and was not at Buckingham within Ten Days before or after that Easter; if there had been a Sitting then at Buckingham he should have had a Memorandum of it in his Books, which he has not: And said, He never received the Sacrament with Mufcot.

John Poole said, He was upon the Jury at Harrison's Tryal; and that they gave their Verdict upon s

Evidence of his receiving the Sacrament at Buckingham, upon the Easier-day next after the Queen’s Accession to the Throne, with the Collector and Supervisor of the Excise.

Francis Crojfe said, He waited upon Mufcot 36 Years ago, when he lived at the Unicorn: That 17 Years ago, he went from thence to the; and he never saw

him at Church after that time, though the Witness fel-dom miffed once a Day.

Mr. Oliver Pajkler, the Minister of Buckingham, said, ‘ He has known Mufcot above 20 Years: Since he has been a Burgess, he has frequently come to Church; before that time the Witness took Notice of him as a frequent Absenter, but not as a Dissenter: He can’t charge his Memory as to his receiving, or not receiving, the Sa-Vol. 17.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Dunstable whom the Bill for repairing the Highways between ®oads* Dunstable and Hackly, in the County of Bedford, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28° die Apr ills;

Anna 130 Annas Reginas, 1714.

Pbay ERS.

A BILL for the Relief of the Wine merchants in Wine

Payment of their Bonds, was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

7 O Resolved,

9

St. Alban'*

Return

amended.

Debtors

Petition.

Earl of

Ranelagh's

Estate,

Talke, &c. Hoads.

Duty on Lawns, Canvas, See.

602

28° — 29' Aprilis.

A. 1714.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford.

A Petition of above 600 poor insolvent Debtors in the Marfialfea Prison was presented to the House, and read;

‘ setting forth, That the Petitioners are now perishing in Gaol for want of Necessaries, some of them dying daily: And praying to be released from their Imprisonment; whereby to support their Families, who now beg to keep the Petitioners from starving.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of poor insolvent Debtors: And that Onslow, Sir Wm. Pole, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Ward, Sir Richard Child, Mr. Harvey, and Mr. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Medlycot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for Sale of the Estate of Richard Earl of ' Ranelagh, deceased, at Chelsea and Cranborn, in the Counties of Middlesex and Berks: And the some was received.

Mr. Burfem reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the repairing, amending, and keeping in good Repair, the Highway between the Extents of the several ' Limits of Talke on the Hill and in the County of Stafford, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Confederation upon Friday Morning next.

better securing her Majesty’s Duties to arise in the Office for the Stamp-duties by Licences for Marriages, and otherwise; and for Relief of Persons who have not claimed their Lottery Tickets in due time; or have loft Exchequer Bills, or Lottery Tickets; and for borrowing, upon Stock Part of the Capital Stock of the South Sea Company, for the Use of the Publick; so for as the same relates to Lawns, Canvas, Buckrams, Barras, and Silefa Neckcloths, painted and stained: And that Mr.

Newland, Mr. Ward, Sir Wm. Whitlock, and Mr. Hey-sham, do prepare, and bring in, the some.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to her Tax* Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 29* die Apr Ms;

Anno 13* Ann® Region, 1714.

A Petition of several Merchants, Linen-drapers, and Prayers.

Packers, on behalf of themselves, and many others con- A/TR. PapiUon presented to the House, according to Fish caught cerned in the Woollen and Linen Manufactures, was pre- JLVJ. Order, a Bill for the effectual preventing the by Foreigu-fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Importation into England, Wales, and Town of Ber- r*, Petitioners have, for several Years pall, exported great wick, any freflx Fish caught by Foreigners: And the Quantities of the WooIIen Manufacture to Hamburg', in some was received; and read the Firsttime. lieu of which, have imported Lawns, Canvas, Buckrams, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Barras, and Silefa Neckcloths, lhaded with Stripes, and

distinctly rated; and, for several Years past, paid 18 to The House, according to Order, resumed the further Nyn*

£. 22 per Cent, ad valorem: That, at the passing an Act Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to Navigation, for laying a Duty of 15 per Cent, ad valorem, on all whom the Bill for making the River Nyne, or Nen, chequered and striped Linens, and all Linens printed, navigable, was committed:

painted, stained, or dyed, after the Manufacture in the And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the

ThreadjOrYam, to be imported, during the Term therein Committee, to the Bill, were severally read a Second

mentioned, and Half Duty for Stock in Hand, the Peti- time; and, with Amendments to some of them, agreed tioners had great Stocks in Hand, and the Duties paid unto by the House.

for the fame: That, if the said Goods be charged with A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for

a higher Duty, it will hinder the Manufacture, increase granting a Toll on Boats passing through Peterborough the Poor, and in time entirely prohibit the Importation Bridge:

of the said Goods: That several of the Petitioners have And the Question being put. That the Clause be been, and others threatened to be, prosecuted for the said brought up;

Duty: And praying to be relieved in the Premises. It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Then several Amendments were made by the House explain a Clause in the Act, of the 10th Year of her to the Bill.

Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for laying several Du- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or ingrossed. imported into the fame; and upon chequered and striped

Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Ordered, That the Bill for the better regulating the Regulating Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; and Forces to be continued in her Majesty’s Service; and for Land Forces, upon several Kinds of stampt Vellum, Parchment, and the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters;

Paper; and upon certain printed Pamphlets and Adver- be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, tisements; for raising the Sum of£. 1,800,000 by way

of a Lottery, toward* her Majesty’s Supply; and for Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committee licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon any more of Privileges, for charging certain Stock of Card* and Dice; and for ' Petitions touching controverted Elections this Section;

other

i3 Ann.

29* — 30°

other than that for the Borough of Weymouth and Mel-comb Regis, and that for the Borough of Shrewsbury.

Mr. Gwyn, Secretary at War, by her Majesty’s Command, presented to the House, an Account of Sums necessary to be provided for extraordinary Services, under the Care of Mr. How, for the Year 1714:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

An ACCOUNT of Sums necessary to be provided for extraordinary Services, under the Care of Mr. Howe, for the Year 1714.

For the extraordinary Allowance of a Peny a Day in the Winter, and aHalf-peny in the Summer, for green and dry Forage, for the Dragoons in North Britain, from the 25th of December 1713 to £. the 24th of December 1714 - - 676 8 —

For the Support of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, and Pay of the Out Pensioners,

from the 25th of December 1713 to the 24 th of December 1714, over and above the Poundage and Days Pay of the Guards, Garisons, fife, applicable to this Service ----- - 42,109 6 4

Tel.ersfor theYeaf^"^' },37.

Tdler. for the Noes.J u'cmH

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Counsel were called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Petitioner’s Counsel proceeded in their Evidence.

And the Sitting Member’s Counsel were heard in his Defence:

And the Petitioner’s Counsel were heard by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Sir John Anftrutker Baronet is duly elected a

Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Burghs of Anjlruther Wefier, Anjtruther Eajier, Pilten-weem, Crayle, and Kilrenvy, in the Shire of Fife-,

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

TeUersfor theYear.^r.Cr^ |I09.

Tollers for

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Total - 42,785 14 4

Pay Office, - - . --

29th April 1714. J. Howe.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Consideration of the select Comnfiittee, to whom the several Estimates and Accounts relating to the Supply granted to her Majesty are referred.

Drawback The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a "Salt. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Salt to be made use of for the Curing of Fiffi taken in the North Seas, or at IJleland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ferrier took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Feirier reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments to it} which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Anstruther, The House, according to Order, proceeded to the fcc.Eii&ion. Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Burghs of Anjlruther Wester, Anjlruther Eajier, Piltenweem, Crayle and Kilreny, in the Shire of in North Britain:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Petition of George Hamilton, Esquire, complaining of the said Election, was read:

And the Petitioner’s Counsel producing a Writing, as the Minutes of the Election of a Commissioner at zceem, ligned by a Publick Notary, in the Absence of the Town-clerk, to be read;

And it being objected to by the Sitting Member’s Counsel;

And the Cou n fel on both Sides being heard thereunto}

The Counsel withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Extract of the Minutes of the Magistracy and Town-council of Pittenweem, upon their choosing a Commissioner for the said Borough, be read as Evidence, though not signed by the Town-clerk of the said Borough, but by a Clerk chosen, in his Absence, by the said Magistrates and Town-council, upon the said Election; and though no Evidence has been given that the Town-clerk refused to give an Extract of the said Minutes}

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Vol. 17.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for upholding and repairing the Bridges and Highways in the County of Edinburg, was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Wine Mer-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole chant*Bond*. House, upon the Bill for the Relief of the Wine-merchants, and Payment of their Bonds.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 30° die Aprilis;

Anno 13* Annas Reginas, 1714.

Praters.

AP ETITIO N of the Fishmongers of the City of Fish caught London was presented to the House, and read; set- b> ^reign-ting forth, That the Fishermen of Dover, Folkjione, and ers-Hyth, have each petitioned for Leave to bring in a Bill to prevent the Importation into England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, in any Ship or Vessel, any fresh Fish caught by Foreigners; and should the same affect Stock-fiffi, live Eels, and Lobsters, it will be of ill Consequence, great Quantities of Stockfish being used in victualing Merchant Ships to the East Indies; besides which, the Eels and Lobsters imported are larger and better than those caught about England: And praying, Provision may be made, in the said Bill, for the Importation of Stockfish, live Eels, and Lobsters, in English Property, into the Port of London, though caught by Foreigners.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the effectual preventing the Importation into England, Wales, and Town of Berwick, any fresh Fish caught by Foreigners, be read a Second time.

Mr. Carter reported from the Committee appointed Highway to inquire into the Management and Application of all Truth.

Sums of Money which have been collected for repairing any particular Highways, by virtue of any Act of Parliament, since her Majesty’s Accession to the Crown, That they had examined the Income of the Toll from the Turnpike erected at Old Stratford, by virtue of the Act, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of her Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick; and had come to a Resolution concerning the same;

Wife's Debt to the Crown.

Dagnam

Breach.

<504

30° Apr

fame j which they had direfited him to report; and he read the same iu hia Place; and afterwards delivered the Report, and Resolution; in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read: and are as followeth; viz.

That the Committee proceeded to the Examination of the Incomes of the Toll from the Turnpike erefited at Old Stratford, by virtue of the said A fit, made in the 9th and 10th Years of her Majesty’sReign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from in the County of Northampton, to Dunjn the County of

Warwick; and find. That there hath been expended, on that Part of the said Road lying in , all

the Money as hath been collefited and borrowed upon the Toll aforesaid; and also many Thousands of Loads of Stone have been carried gratis, by the Farmers of the said County, to repair the said Way.

And that, upon Consideration thereof, the Committee came to the following Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Sums of Money, borrowed and collefited by virtue of the aforesaid Afit, as far as relates to the Northamptonshire Part of the said Road, have been duly applied towards the Repair thereof; and that the several Collefitors and Surveyors employed about the said Roads have passed their Accounts to the SecondDay of June last, which were allowed at the General Quarter Sessions held for the said County, according to the Direfitions of the said Afit; and that great Part of the said Roads is well repaired; and that Care is taking to amend the remaining Part thereof; but that the whole cannot as yet be repaired, the Way being Nineteen Miles in Length.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Gore presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Robert Wife, and his Sureties, for the Debts which he owes her Majesty, or fiands bound, as Surety, for Customs on Tobacco: And the same was received.

The House being informed, That the Sheriffs of Lotidon attended;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-council, of the City of London.

And then withdrew.

And the Petition was read; setting forth, That, by several Charters and A fils, the Lord Mayor of London, in Right, is Conservatorof the RiverTAtamwfrom the Bridge of Staines, in Middlesex, to the Bridge of London; and from thence East to Yendall, alias Yenland, alias Yenleet:

And upon Information of a Breach, which happened in Feb. Iaft, in the Walls of the Levels of Havering and Dagnam, in Essex, and overflowed a great Part thereof, the Lord Mayor appointed his Water-bailiff to take a Survey thereof; and it appears, that the Navigation of the said River is much prejudiced for Ten Miles above, and Two below, the said Breach; and that the Inhabitants will not proceed any further in Stopping thereof; which, if some speedy Means is not used to flop the fame, the Trade of this City, and the whole Nation, will be in Danger: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Withers,....

Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Sir Wm. Sir Rich.

Onslow, Sir Rich. Hoar, Sir Barrington, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Ward, Sir Rich. Childe, Mr. Slater, Sir Pynfent Charnocke, Mr. Wild, Mr. Jennings, Mr. son, Mr. Bofcaicen, Mr . Strangeways, Mr. Mildmay, Mr.

Rowney, Mr. Curzon, Mr. New Mr Mr.

Chapman, Mr. Smith, Mr. , Mr. Sir

*5

A. 1714.

Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Eden, Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Cox, Sir JohhCafs, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Conyers, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Hide, Sir Richard Howe, Mr. Campion, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Laughame; and all that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Kent, Essex, Surrey; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And have Leave to fit in a Morning.

A Petition of the Wardens and Fellows of New College, in Oxon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have an Estate in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in Essex, which was drowned by a Breach in the Walls of Dagenham Six Years ago; and on Monday the 15th of February there happened a violent Storm, which occasioned new Breaches; inso much that the-Tenants are wearied with making any Attempts to flop the fame; and the said Level will be loft: That the Petitioners said Estate is a considerable Branch of the Revenue of this College; and the Petitioners are likely to receive great Damage, if not speedily prevented: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-council, of the City of London, is referred.

A Petition of the several Land-owners of the Levels of Eastbury, Ripple, and Wejin the County of

E/fex, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners Lands, being 1,500 Acres, are now underWater, occasioned by a Breach at Dagnam: That the Petitioners have been at great Charge, ever since the Breach which happened Six Years ago, in preferring the said Levels; by which vastExpence the Land-owners have been at, they are unable to attempt any more the Recovery of the said Levels; which if not speedily prevented, the Water will reach the Town of Barkin, lying about Three Miles distant: And praying to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-council, of the City of London, is referred.

A Petition of the Dean and Canons of the King’s free Chapel of St. George, within the Castle of Wind for, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have an Estate in the Levels of Dagenham, in Essex, which, Six Yearsfince, was overflowed by a Breach in the River Walls: That the Petitioners, and Tenants, paid above the Value of their Lands, and happily succeeded in the Stopping thereof; but, in February last, received very great Damage by a violent Storm, inso much that the Land-owners will not be able to attempt the Recovery; which will be a great Loss to the Petitioners, and Successors: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-council, of the City of London, is referred.

A Petition of several Merchants, Owners and Matters of Ships, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Shelf, or Sand-bank, in the River of Thames, caused by the Breach of Dagenham, in Essex, and that Ships, passing up and down, daily strike and lie on the said Shelf; others drawn into the Mouth of the said Breach; particularly the Richard of Yarmouth, of 300 Tons; but saved with great Difficulty: That, if speedy Care is not taken, the Navigation of the said River will be ruined: And praying to be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con -sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord

Dagenham

Breach.

Ditt').

DitU

Ditto.

DagnanA

Breach.

fcitte.

13 Ann. 30* Aprilis.

Ixird Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-council, of the City of London, is referred.

A Petition of several Owners of Land in the Levels of Havering and Dagnam, in the County of Essex, now under Water, on behalf of themselves and others, was. presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, ever since the Breach Six Years ago, which happened in the Walls of the said. Levels, have been attempting to recover the fame: and completed the fame, at the Expence of at least 30 Years Value of the said Lands: That, in February last, by a great Storm, all the Walls adjoining were overflowed, and carried away great Part of the new Work; by which several Families have been ruined; and, others thinking the Attempts hazardous, the Land must be loft, and the Navigation interrupted: That the Petitioners have been charged with a Land Tax, though the Lands produced nothing but Expence for Six Years: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-council, of the City of London, is referred.

A Petition of Christopher Jefferyes and Henry Hall, Guardians, and Ellis Ashpool, Schoolmaster of the Free-

school at Brentwood, in the County of Essex, was pre-

fented to the House, and read, setting forth. That the Petitioners are entitled to the Tythes in Trust, in Dag-nam, in Essex, laid under Water Six Years ago, by a Breach in the Walls thereof: That the Petitioners Tenant hath paid great Sums towards Recovery thereof, and had succeeded, but by a Storm, February last, new Breaches were made: So that, without publick Assistance, the Lands will be loft; which is a great Subsistence of this School, which teaches the Boys for Three

Miles round; and clothes, and pays an Allowance to.

Five Alms-people: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered,"That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Jideration of the Committee, to whom the Petit ion of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-council, of the City of London, is referred.

The House being informed, Phat some of the Com- Duties on mifiidners of the Customs attended; Books and

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, the Commissioners Returns to the Order of the 23d Instant, for an Account to be laid before this House of the Duties upon Books and Prints for Two Years.

And then they withdrew1;

And the Title of the said Return and Account were read*

The said Return and Account are as follow; viz.

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled;

In Obedience to an Order of this honourable House, of the 23d Instant, requiring the Commissioners of the Customs to lay before this House an Account of the Proi duce of the several Duties upon imported Books and Prints for One Year before the 24th of June 1712; and also the Produce of the said Duties in One'Year since the 24th June 1712; the said Commissioners did, immediately upon Receipt of that Order, give Direction to the proper Officers to prepare the said Account; which being now finished, they herewith humbly lay the same before this honourable House:

Which is humbly submitted.

J. Brydges, . '

Custom-house, London, Rob.

2ot\\ Apr. 1714.

Jo. Werden.

An ACCOUNT of the Produce of the several Duties upon Books and Prints imported into London, and the

Out-Ports, for Two Years ended the 24th June 1713.

(Customs New Subsidy - -

4 Subsidy Subsidy

Additional impost 94

From 24th June 1711, to Ditto 1712.

£. Si,

10 18 —

IO l8 — r

3 1* 8

7 5 4 10 ij i£

£, s. d.

jflooks unbound

Prints -

’ Customs -New Subsidy --fd Subsidy |d Subsidy Additional Impoll 9

r Customs New Subsidy -4-d Subsidy -j-d Subsidy

Additional impost 9t

-43 9

17 7 8

*7 7

5 15 io*

11 Ii 9*

68 12 5 — no 15

10 10 . 2 IO 10 2

3 10 — 4 7 — 1* »o 7 5

— ----- ---~~ 41 *7

Total of the above Year - £. 206 2 5!

r

iiooks bound -

From 24th June 1712, to D* 1713. Customs ——

New Subsidy ——

4-d Subsidy ——

4-d Subsidy ——

Additional impost 94.

New Duty on Books, $fc.

19 17 19 6

6 8 12 17 19 I

*78 3

9*

4t

9t

3.

3*

Books unbound

Vol. 17.

Customs -New Subsidy -4d Subsidy --fd Subsidy -

Additional impost 9t -vNew Duty on Books, 8Cc,

-255 14 ii*'

724 6 17 64

5 10

4 11 8

27 2 10}

»44 3 —

7

192

3 3

Prints

6o6

Trtnt

Navigation*

Ditto*

Ditto.

Ditto.

30* Apritis.

Prints -

Customs -New Subsidy -Jd Subsidy -' -f-d Subsidy - -

Additional Impost gf Fr. Duty, 2d 25 p Cent. , New Duty on Books, Prints, -

A. 17x4.

c s.

5 3 H

5 2 2*

1 14 1

3 8 1*

10 *3

7 10 —

5* 7 2

Custom-house, tgth April 1714,

Total of the above Year - £533 16 8*.

Tho. Andrews, Sc.

Chr. TowerD. ColT.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Stafford, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is a Bill depending for making the River Trent, in the Counties of Derby,

and Stafford, navigable, by laying a greater Duty of

Tonnage upon Vessels navigating thereon; without which the said Navigation cannot be carried on: And praying the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the 10th and 1 ith Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act for making and keeping tbp River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby,. and Stafford, navigable, is committed.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, TradeC. men, and Farmers, of the Town of Stourbridge, in, the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, and of the Towns

adjacent and near thereunto, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending for making the River Trent, in Derby, and

Stafford, navigable, by laying a greater Duty of Tonage on Vessels navigating thereon; without which the Navigation already begun cannot be carried on: And praying the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act of the 10th and 11th Years of the Reign of King Wm. intituled, An Act for making and

keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby and Stafford, navigable, is committed.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Farmers, of the Town of in

the County of Stafford, and of the Towns and Places adjacent or pear thereunto, was presented to the House, and read setting forth, That there is a Bill depending for making the River Trent, in Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable,'by laying a greater Duty of Tonage on Vessels navigating thereon; without which the Navigation already begun cannot be carried on: And praying the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referredto the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the 10th and 1 ith Years of the Reign of King Wm.intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of cester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, is committed.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants of the Town of j(/hburn, in the County of Dreby, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, -That the River Trent, by an Act of the 10th of King William, was made navigable to'B and in-

tended for the Benefit of the Country; the Lord of the Manor being intruded in carrying on the fame: but, by

a Proviso in the said Act, no Wharf or Warehouse was to be built, or continued, except of old Continuance, without Leave of the Commissioners and Undertaker:

But that one Haynes, a pretended Undertaker, and one Fojbrooke, by Misconstruction of the formerAft, have engrossed the foie Navigation to themselves; to the great Prejudice of Trade: And praying to be heard, by Conn-fel, against the said Bill, now depending, for making the said River navigable, in Leicester, Derby, and Stafford.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act of the 10th and 11th Years of the Reign of King Wm. intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the said Committee thereupon, by Counsel, if they think fit: And that the Committee have Leave to fit in a Morning, if they think fit.

A Petition of Samuel Ennys Esquire, was presented Htli* to the House, and read; setting forth. That, at the Election for Helston, in Cornwall, in the room of Henry Campion and Charles Cox Esquires,

Thomas Tonkin, Esquires, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That the said Mr. Tonkin is not qualified, which was objected at the Election; and, he not appearing, the.Oath could not be tendered to him; notwithstanding which, the Mayor hath returned liirh, With Mr. Pendarvis; though the Petitioner was duly elected: That the said Mr. Tonkin, in 1700, having Occasion for a Sum of Money, did apply to the Petitioner, who then had a Mortgage for £. 600 Principal on Part of his Estate, to lend him a further Sum of 7,169 15s. 6d. on the Residue, thereof; which the Petitioner did do:

That the Petitioner hath since found Mr. Tonkin's Estate was entailed by him on Marriage, before the making jthe said Mortgage, he being only Tenant for Life; and he hath since made Leases for Lives: Whereupon the Petitioner desired the Principal might be paid, with Interest; but, instead thereof, had a Bill brought against against him in Chancery, for an Injunction to hinder Recovery of the fame.: But, Mr. Tonkins failing the rein, the Petitioner exhibited his Bill of Foreclosure; but got no Answer; and likewise brought Ejeftments, but as to Part of the Estate; but Mr. Tonkin defended Possession, by setting up prior Leases; and though the Petitioner obtained a Verdict, and had Judgment for the-greatest Part thereof, yet the said Tonkins brought his Bill of Error, and hindered the Petitioner from Possession, before he was returned; and now hath sent to the Petitioner’s Attorney, that he infills on his Privilege; al| which the Petitioner is ready to prove: And praying he may be heard; and to be relieved.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be adjourned until Thursday Morning next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wtyiawi

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Mean*, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

14 Ordered,

9

Talk*, dec. Roads.

Supply Bill; Land Tax*

Balf-pay

Officers.

Edinburgh Bridges and Highway.

13 Ann. 30' Aprilis. — 1° Mail. 607

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittenfor, and the most Northern Part of Talke on the in in

the County of Stafford, was committed, be taken into Confederation upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1714, is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause for giving Power to the Commissioners, which shall be appointed for executing the fame, within the respective Inns of Court and Inns of Chancery, to be also Commissioners for executing the several Acts for the Duties on Houses in the said Inns of Court, and Inns of Chancery.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuntoj which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Geo. Beaumont, from the Lords Commissioners of Value of the Admiralty, presented to the House. by her Ma- ^a^alr^gtures jesty’s Command, pursuant to their Address for that m ar Purpose, an Estimate of the Value of the Stores which were in her Majesty’s several Yards at Christmas 1710, and also at Christmas 1713;

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

Navy Office, 1 Am ESTIMATE of the Value of the Stores which were in her Majesty’s several Yards at Christ-16 April 1714.3 mas 1710, and also at Christmas 1713: Prepared from the Accounts and Valuations thereof

received from the Officers of the said Yards, in pursuance of the Directions received from the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, of the 15th of March past, grounded upon her Majesty’s Pleasuresignified therein; viz.

Value of the said Stores.

At Christmas \ 710. \ At Christmas 1713.

Yards:

I- s d. s, d.

Deptford m - m m - 144,074 1 9 153,409 8 3i

Woolwich - OB - 85,320 17 3 73,714 2 4i

Chatham m - - - 125,965 15 7 i 196,637 6 8

Sheerness - 39,02° 14 5t 35,455 10 10 i

Portsmo - - - - 183,466 3 10 245,418 7 4

Plymouth - m m 66,465 13 2 126,360 — 11 4-

644,3! a 6 1 830,994 16 6

At the Out-ports:

Deal - - 17,877 10 3t 14,084 17 .3 i e.

Harwich - m - -: 24,907 8 T } Upon discharging the said

Kinfale - - - 19,260 4 -1 f Ports, to ease the Charge of the

Lisbon - - - 26,630 18 4 f Navy, the Remains of Stores

Port Mahon - - m - 15,834 14 9* ' were brought to iheHome-yards.

Total £ 748,824 1 6$ 845,079 13 94

Dan. Furzer, B. Tymewell, Cha. Sergifon, D. Lyddell, Tho. Jennings.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes have Leave to make Motion; it being after One a Clock.,

And he moved accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That she will be pleased to give Directions to her proper Officer, That an Estimate of the Half-pay may be laid before this House of the Military Officers and Chaplains that have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders and Spain, and on several Expeditions; with what Allowances they have on the Eua-blishment in the Office of Ordnance; and what will be required to complete their Half-pay.

Ordered, That the said Address he presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for upholding and repairing the Bridges and Highways in the County of Edinburgh, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

17,

Sabbati, 1* die Maii;

Anno \ f Annse Regin®, 1714.

Prayers.

A PETITION of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Trent Tradesmen, and Farmers, of the Town and Neigh- Navigation bourhood of Ashborn, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill now depending for making more effectual an Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, proppfed to be done by laying a greater Duty of Tonnage upon Vessels navigating thereon than by the said Act is laid; and that, by that means, sufficient Encouragement will be given to carry on the said Navigation, already begun: And praying the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act of the 10th and 1 ith Years of, the Reign of King Wm. intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester,

Derby, and Stafford, navigable, is committed.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Committee Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Privilege*. Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex-, am* also

touching

608 1* Mail. A. 1714-

touching the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege committed against Edward Vaughan Esquire, a Member of this House; and also touching the Matter complained of in the Petitions of the Executor, and of the Creditors, of the late Earl of Kildare; and also touching the Manner of signing the Petition of Colonel John complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Burghs of Stirling, CulroJ’s, Dumferling, Inverkeithing, and Queensferry; be received upon Morning next.

Edwin’s A Petition of Thomas Edwin Merchant was presented

Debt to the to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in July Crown. 1711, the Petitioner, with one John and Thomas

Price, became Surety for Thomas Coleman and Thomas Perrin, Tobacco-merchants, to the Amount of £.3,912 ioj. for Customs of Tobacco; for which the Petitioner had a Counter-bond, t6 indemnify him against the fame: That, some time after, the said Coleman failed, and Cawfey absconded; the said Price is dead insolvent, and Perrin become a Bankrupt, without having discharged the said Bonds, or any Part thereof; whereupon Process issued out of her Majesty’s Exchequer against the Petitioner for the fame, who submitted to give Judgment to the Queen upon his said Bonds: That the Petitioner, being utterly incapable to discharge so great a Debt, did apply to the Lord High Treasurer of Great who referred the Matter to the Commissioners of her Majesty’s Customs; who stated the Petitioner’s same according to the Resolution of this honourable House, in the last Session of the last Parliament; and their Report is annexed to the said Petition: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to empower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to make such Composition with your Petitioner, as he was Surety for the Persons aforesaid.

And the Certiftcates required by the Standing Order of this House, of April 23d 1713, being regularly annexed to the said Petition;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Duties on Mr. Nexvland presented to the House, according to Lawns, Order, a Bill to explains Clause in an A tit of Parliament, Canvas, &«. Gf Iotj, year of her Majesty’s Reign, for laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and striped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, orftained; and upon several Kinds of stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and upon certain printed Pamphlets and Advertisements; for raising the Sum of £.1,800,000 by way of a Lottery; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; so far as the same relates to Lawns, Canvas, Buckrams, Barras, and Silesia Neckcloths: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Jlolford:

Mr. Speaker,

HeU’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Mate. Sale of the Manor and Barton of fViddicombe, in the County of Devon, coniprifed in the Marriage Settlement of Walter Hele Gentleman, and Philippe his Wife; and for raising and securing the Sum of £.1,500 for the Benefit of the Children of the said and Philippe: To

which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Patcrfon’* A Petition of Wm. Paterson Esquire was presented to Claim*. House, and read; setting forth, That the House of

Commons did refer the Petitioner’s Petition, in the last Session, to a Committee; which Committee came to the following Refutations j " Resolved, That the Petitioner Wm. Paterson Esquire hath been at great

" Expence and l*ains, and sustained very considerable " Losses, in the Service of the late African and Indian " Company of Scotland; and ought to be reimbursed,

" and have a Recompence for the fame: Resolved, That " the Sum of £.18,241. io$. iod.‘ ^ds of a Peny ought " to be answered, and made good, to the Petitioner:"

To both which Resolutions the House agreed, as by the Journal of the 10th Day of July 1713 appears; ami, the said Report being made so late in that Session, nothing could be further done therein: And praying to be relieved out of the Equivalent-money.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition :. And that Mr. Bertie, Sir David Dalrymple, Mr. Bayly, Sir Mat-

thew Dudly, and Mr. fVyld, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Job. Malhexv, late of London, Apothe- Mathew’s cary, was presented to the House, and read; setting Debt to th* forth. That the Petitioner became bound to her Majesty Cl0WB' as Surety for John Goodwin, Tobacco-merchant, to the Amount of upwards of £.7,000; and the said Goodzoin neglecting to discharge the fame, and becoming a Bankrupt, the Petitioner’s Goods and Effects, in 1711, were extended, towards Salisfaction thereof; to the Ruin of the Petitioner, his Wife, and Seven Children; and, in regard the Petitioner is not otherwise indebted to her Majesty than as a Security, his Estate and Effects being already seized for the fame, her Majesty can never be likely to receive any more from the Petitioner, but by the Contribution of Friends; which cannot be expected but upon the Petitioner’s being discharged from the same: And praying a Bill may be brought in to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with the Petitioner for the said Debts.

And the Certificates required by the Standing Order of the House, of April 23d, 1713, being regularly annexed to the said Petition;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the Whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Bill for the better regulating the Forces to be con- Regulating tinued in her Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment Land Force*, of the said Forces, and of their Quarters; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for Sale of the Estate late of Richard Earl of F,arl of Ranelagh, deceased, at Chelsea and Cranborn, in the Ranelagh^ Counties of Middlesex and Berks, was read the First Estate* time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Endowing making Inclosures of some Part of the Common G rounds Vicarage* by in that Part of Great Britain called England, for endow- hicloture*. ing poor Vicarages and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers: And that Mr. Mr.

Hedxvortli, Mr. Baker, Mr. Pitts, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr, Laxvfon, Mr. Bland, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bofcazien, Mr.

Aiflabie, and Mr. Eden, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

APetition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Farmers, and Trent

Inhabitants, of the Borough of Burton, in the County of Navigation.

Stafford, was presented to tire House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have been at a great Expence in obtaining the Act, of the loth and 11 th Years of the Reign of King 14 in the IHd, for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable to this Place; and have iiqce expended

great

Trent

Xavi-ation.

Ditto.

13 Ann. to MaH- 609

great Sums in completing the fame; to reimburse which, more effectual an Act, of theioth and nth Years of the the Petitioners did expert great Advantages to arise by Reign of King Wm. intituled, An Act for making and having the Goods of the adjacent Towns, navigated on keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, the said River, brought hither, but if the Clause for pro- Derby, and Stafford, navigable, is committed, hibiting the Building of new Wharfs and Warehouses,

without the Consent of the Commissioners, should be re- A Bill to itnpop'er the Lord fiigh Treasurer of Great wife’s Debt pealed, the Petitioners wjH be deprived of the Benefit Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the to the Crown. they expected; and likewise will be a Prejudice to the Time being, to compound with Robert Wife, and his Persons who shall navigate or employ Boats upon the Sureties, fof the Debts which he owes her Nlajeliy, or said River, by obliging them to build Warehouses, and hands bound for as Surety for Customs of Tobacco, maintain Servants, at several Places, to receive and de- was read the First time.

liverGoods, whereas the same might as conveniently be Resolved, That the Rill be read a Second time, brought by the Countries adjacent to this Town; and

thereby the Charge of the Navigators much contracted, The House proceeded to take into Consideration the DuuAable and they enabled to carry Goods at much easier Rates, Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Roads, for the Benefit of Trade, and the publ^ck Good: And more effectual an Act, passed in the gth Year of her Ma-praying the said Clause may not be repealed. jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the High-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- ways between Dutiable and llockley, in the County fideralionof the Committee, to whom the Bill for making of Bedford, was committed:

more effectual an Act, of the Tenth and nth Years of And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Reign of King Wm. intituled, An Act for making the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Lei- time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put cester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, is committed. thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed

unto by the House.

A Petition of Charles Hurt Esquire, High Sheriff of Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the County of Derby, and also of divers Gentlemen of ingrafted.

F.llates, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Farmers, of the

Town and Neighbourhood of Wirkfioorth, in the said A Petition of many of ^he Freeholders, Citizens, and Bristol.

County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Inhabitants, of the City of Bristol, on behalf of them- oor' setting forth, That there is a Bill depending, for t;he speedy selves, and many others, Freeholders and Citizens there, and effectual navigating the River Trent, in the Coun- yvas presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, ties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford; and proposed to by an Act -7th and 8th of King Wm. for erecting Hof-be done by laying a greater Tonage upon Vessels na- pitalsand Wpt'k-hopfes within the City of and

vigating thereon than is already: That, among the for the better employing and maintaining the Poor many Petitions presented against the passing such Bill, thereof; aCorporatfon was fetnp, which had the whole there is one clandestinely obtained from feme private Care of the Poorof the Cjty; with Power to raise Money Tradesmen. in the Petitioners Neighbourhood of Wirkf- for their Maintenance, not exceeding what raised for worth, by Insinuations imposed on them; and that the the like Purpose in any of the Three last Years: That completing the said Navigation will be of particular the Corporation, ever since that Act, raised yearly 'Benefit to the County of Derby-, and, unless the same 2,376 i6r. 5^. for the Maintenance of the Poor, it

‘be doneby fbe Meaps aforffoid, there will not be suffi- being the greatest Sum raised in any-one Year for that cientEncouragementfor thecarryingon, andperfefting, Purpose; bolides which, they also raised 5,000 for the said Navigation already begun: And praying the purchasing and building Work houses; and have like-said Bill may pass. wife received upwards of £.4,350 Gifts; the Interest of

Ordered, That the said Petifi.on be referred to the Con- which only was intended for the better carrying on the ,'fideralion of the Committee, to vyhom the Billfor making said Work-houses; and for maintaining the Poor; the more effectual an Act, of the 10th and 1 ith Years of the Principal to continue a lading Fund: That all the said ?Reign of King Wm. intituled, An Act for making and £. 4»350's and the Endeavours of the Corporation keeping the River Trent, in the Coupties of Leicester, . to employ the Poor, on Pretence of which the said Act Derby,.and Stafford, navigable, is committed. was obtained, have been ineffectual; inso much that they

had not Work to employ the Poor, and have wholly

A Petition of the Mayor and Bailiffs of the Borough of discontinued their Manufactures; whereby, and by .'Derbyin the County of Derby, and of divers Gentle- continuing Salaries, and unnecessary Ex peaces, of pien and others, the Freeholders, and Inhabitants of and Officers and Servants of the Corporation, they are within the same Borough, was presented to the House, much in Debt, and unable to relieve the Poor; for, by and read; setting forth, That the lliVer Trent hath al- Neglect of the Officers, the Poor daily increase; many . ways been navigable to Wilfien Ferry, and Two Miles Strangers intrude into the City, who, become charge-higher; in the 10th of King Wm.an Act was obtained able; which before was prevented, under the Inspection to make the same navigable to Burton upon Trent; and of the Parochial Officers: That the granting a Power that the same was intended for the Benefit of the Coun- to the Magistrates and Corporation to raise a further >,tryj and the then Lord of the Manor, his Heirs and . yearly Sum now proposed, by a Bill depending, will /Assigns, were intruded with the Execution of the Power be a Grievance to the Inhabitants, who can better and given thereby for carrying on the said Navigation: That . cheaper provide for their Poor as formerly: and pray-- in the TaidAft it is provided, no Person should thereafter ing to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill; and y build, or continue, any Wharf or Warehouse betwixt to be relieved.

.1, Nottingham! Bridge and ..Rwr/0M.aforesaid, other than OThat the said Petition do lie upon the such of ancient Continuance, unless by Consent of the Table until the Bill for making more effectual an Act,

.> Commissioners named in the said Act, and of the Un- , passed in the ,7th and 8th Years of the Reign of his dertaker: That one Haynes, and Fojbrook, by Miscon- late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act: struction of the former Act, and illegal Practices, have for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the ,= engrossed thejNavigation to their own Boats; and to City of for the better employing and main-

.-vcomplete their Design, are attempting to obtain a Bill taining thq Poor thereof, be read a Second time.

! for more effectual making navigable the said River, in

j, the Co.unties.of Leicester, Derby, scodStufford; which will A Petition of the Governor, Deputy Governor, Guar- Ditto.

/ bet destrufti veto Trade and Commerce: And praying dians, and Assistants, being the Corporation for the Poor . to, be; beard, by Counsel, against the said Bill. of the City of for the passing of the said Bill,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, sideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill so rmaking in the 7th and 8th Willielmi IIP11, an Act was made for Vcl. 17- jQ erecting

610 i° —

erecting Hospitals and Work-houses in the said City, for employing and maintaining the Poor thereof; and, by the said Act Power is given to the Corporation to raise, for the Maintenance of their Poor, any Sum not exceeding what had been paid in any of the Three last Years; which.. computed to be but the annual Sum of £.2,376 i6j. $d.; which was accepted of; which, together with the £. 5,00 draised by the said Act in the First Three Years, for erecting Work-houses, and Houses of Cor-reflion, as also several large Gifts, the said Corporation carried on the Employment and Maintenance of the Poor for several Years; and not only subsisted the Aged and Decayed, but employed great Numbers of young Poor; and binding out many Hundred Apprentices; thereby preventing common Begging, Idleness, and Debauchery: That, sincethe aforesaid Act, the said City is considerably enlarged and increased; which, together with many Fathers of Families loft in the Wars, and other Casualties, the annual Sum of £.4,376 i6j. 5 has fallen short in supptying the Poor; and, had not the Benefactions, and several Sums borrowed, been employed to make good the Deficiencies each Year, they had lain under the Extremes of Want; and being no longer able to maintain the Poor without a further Supply: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the Corporation to raise a further annual Sum, not exceeding £ 1,200, for the effectual employing, educating, and maintaining their Poor.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Wm. the Third, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

tVhitfand Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition

Bay Harbour. of Henry Jones Esquire is referred, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Drawback Mr. Ferrier, according to Order, reported from the Duty on Salt. Committee of the whole I Ioufe, to whom the Bill for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Salttobe made use of for curing of Fish taken in the North Seas, or IJleland, was committed, the Amendments which they

had made to the Bill, and directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

O

Wine Mer- The House, according to Order, resolved itself into (buntsBondS' a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Belief of Wine-merchanfs in Payment of their Bonds.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ferrier took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ferrier reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

f owel’sRight The Order of the Day being read, for the receiving ((Xrwle. the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Poiodl, of London, Merchant, was referred;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon this Day Two Months.

Mail. . 1714.

Ordered, That Doffcor Biffe, Preacher at the Rolls, be Dr. Bisse to desired to preach before this House upon the 20th In- pre‘,lc!’,on stant: And that Sir Geo. Beaumont, and Sir Thomas 291 Powell do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectual pre- Fi(ll cauo)it venting the Importation into England, and Town by Foreign of Berwick, any frefti Fish caught by Foreigners, be 'reread a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lutue) 30 die Mail;

Anuo 13* Annae Regin®, 1714.

Prayers.

THE House, according to Order proceeded to Edinburgh take into Consideration the Report from the Com- j*ndKcs and mittee, to whom the Bill for upholding and repairing 's wai*' the Bridges and Highways in the County of Edinburgh, was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for making the Bill a publick Act:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolfed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hele’sEstate. for the Sale of the Manor and Barton of Widdicombe, in the County of Devon, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Walter Hele Gentleman, and Philippe his Wife; and for railing and securing the Sum of£. 1,500 for the Benefit of the Children of the said Waller and Philippe-, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all the Members who flia.11 come to the Trent Na-Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual v|gaUon* an Act of the toth and nth Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Nottingham, and Derby, navigable, is committed, have Voices.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, saving to all Persons.Bodies Politick and Corporate, all Tolls and Duties which they had any Right to upon the said River Trent, before the Act, of the 10th and nth

Years of King William, intituled, An Act for making

and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Nottingham, and Derby, navigable.

Sir Wm. Withers, according to Order, presented to Woollen the House a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, Manufacture passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Arrears <1 % her Majesty, That lhe will be pleased to give Directions to Mari n* to the proper Officer to lay before this House an Ac- °fllcers* count of what Arrears are due to the Commission Officers of the SixMarine Regiments which are disbanded.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Land Tax;.

granting

13 Ann.. 30 — 4* Mail.

611

granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1714, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and then the said Amendments were severally read a Second time, as far as the List of Commissioners Names for the Town of Ten ter den; and the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The List of Commissioners Names of Tenterden being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Sir George Chout Baronet be added to the said Lift; as a Commissioner 1

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Lists of the Commissioners, as far as the List of Commissioners Names for the County of Kent, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Lift of the Commissioners Names for the County of Kent being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Boioyer Henley Esquire be added,-as a Commissioner, to the said Lift;

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Lists of Commissioners, as far as the List of Commissioners Names for the County of Salop, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The List of Commissioners Names for the County of Salop being read a Second time;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Sir Charles Lloyd Baronet be added, as a Commissioner, to the said Lift;

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Lists of Commissioners, as far as the List of Commissioners Names for the County of Carnarvon, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The List of Commissioners Names for the County of Carnarvon being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Hugh Griffith Esquire be added to the said ' Lift, as a Commissiongrfor the said County;

It was resolved in the Affirmative*

The rest of the Lists of Commissioners, and several other of the said Amendments, made by the said Committee, to the Bill, being severally read a Second time; were, upon the-Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the farther Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of WineMer-the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of the chantsBonda. W’ine-merchants in Payment of their Bonds, is committed, be received Tomorrow Morning,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 40 die Maii;

Anno 13* Annae Reginae, 1714.

P R A y e r s.

AN ingrossed Bill for allowing a Drawback upon the Drawback Exportation of Salt to be made use of for Curing on Salt, of Fish taken in the North Seas, or IJleland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass, And that the Title be. An Act for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Salt to be made use of for the Curing of Fish taken in the North Seas, or at If eland.

Ordered, That Mr. Ferrier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, by her Majes- Duties on ty’s Command, pursuant to their Address for that Pur- French Prlz* pose, an Account of the Duties on French Prize Goods G for the Years 1712 and 1713:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Vo i. 17.

An

As ACCOUNT of the Produce of the Customs, and other Duties, upon' French Prize Goods imported into the Port of and Out-ports, for Two Years

ended at Christmas 1713;

Customs -New’ Subsidy -

4- Subsidy -

\Subsidy -

Import on Wines -

Additional Impositions, 1693 2d £. 25 per Cent, and per Ton Further Duty on Hides, Skins, fife. New Duty on Soap, Paper, fife. New Duty on Candles -New additional Duty on Candles Coinage-duty ... Excise -

Total

M 1 ! 1713- TOTALS.

t London Out-ports. r London. Out-ports;

£ s. d. d. I S' <* r. d. £. Si d.

1,699 7 5 2,052 17 5 386’101 4 290 a 7 i 4,428 17 9

, 1,186 8 3 i 1,033 4 10 i 204 19 1 I 37 i° 114 *>462 3 3 4

6 — 10 - - 5 3 7 - 11 4 5f

— — 3 - - — 111 - — a 2

i,i43 11 5 618 9 9 4 237 19 41 33 8*7 2,°33 9 2 4

- 1,887 7 4 1,187 7 2 257 2 7 " 3,33.i 17 1

- 4io87 i5 111 »,354 — 84 850-13 6 £ i*5 1 4i 7,417 11 7

1 16 — . 1 16 —

1 9 3 - 2 17 — 463

21 17 6f - . 2117 6 f

21 17 6 k -- - ai 17 6i

194 9 4 162 7 IP 68 17 4 43 4± 469 5 8 4.

3»599 9 7 14,331 9 7 324 9 2 2,679 18 7 20,936 6 11

£ i3,8o4 10 6 21,786 1 54 2,335 *7 -"* 3,214 6 64 41,140 15 6

4*

Ov

E

Robert Paul, per Comptroller General, 24th April 1714.

In Obedience to her Majesty’s Commands, on an Address of this honourable House, this Account is stated, and humbly presented, by rne,

a.

Wm. Lowndes.

Smith’s Eft ate.

Supply Bill Land Tax.

13 Ann. 4° Matt. > 613

Ordered, That the said Account do lie tipon the Table, to be perttfed by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Lease of the Redtory of In

the Gourtty of Herby, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts of Georg S Esquire, deceased;

and far making ProvrtioH for his Daughter; was read the Fti-ft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be rfeatf aSecond time.

; The House, according to Order, reftmed the adjourned Confide ration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Ter in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1714, was committed:

And the Residoe Of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Qudftion feverdly put thereupon, agreed Unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the-CommUfiomra of the Supply hr the County of Elgin and Fortfs, in Scotland, shall value such Part of the Lands of Cubine, which shall appear to them to be overrun with ioofe Sands, and become useless; and to proportion^ the Cefe* payable <mt of the feme, upon the rest of the ibid Shire equally:

And the said Clause was twice read) and amended; apd, upon the Questlon-puC thereupon, agreed auto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And another Amendment was made by the MtHife to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iogrofled.

The other Orders of the Day being rend;

Mr. Ferrier reported froto the Committee of the wine whole House; to whom the Bill for ttfe Rfdfef of the Merchnnm Wine-merchants, in Payment of their Ronds, was com- Bond*, mitted, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and differed him to report to the House; and he read the feme in his PI Elbe, hhd afterwards delivered the Bill, and Atheridniehts, hi'at the Clerk's Table: Where the said Amendments were tiri'ce read throughout; and then a Second time, one by 6hfe; and, upon the Question formally ptlt tnefriuphii, Tome of the said Amendments wfere difagfebd tftrtd, hud the rest were agreed unto, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, With the Amendments, be iilgrofted.

‘ Ordertd, Tbht Mr. Sneyd have Leave to go into the L«ave of Chuntry for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Harwich the Clerk of the Crown, te shake out a new Writ, for Writ* the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex, in the room of Sir Thomas Davail Baronet, deceased.

Mr. Windsor, from the Office of Ordnance; presented iiaif-pay to the Hririle, by her Mrijeliy*s ComihanH, pursuant tp Officers, their Addrest for that PlitpSfe, an Estimate of Half-pay of the Military Officers, ribdCHaplain, that havp served well in the Trains bf Aftillery in Flanders and Spain, and on several Expeditions; with what Allowances they have 6ii the Establilbnient, in the Office of OrdnaMe, and What Will be required to complete their Half-pay (at One Year:

And the Title thereof was read:

The ford Mitodtbis as follows; viz.

An ESTIM AT E of Half-pay of the Military Officers, and Chaplain, that have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders and Spain, and on fovetal Expeditions; wstN what AltowsrifOeS they have on the EstabUffimemt, in the Office of Ordnance; and what will be required to complete their Half-pay for One Year.

Employments.

Perfoai Names,

Colonel Mqjor

Sub-Engineer Captain -Lieutenant Adjutant -Quarter-Utaftet - Bridge-master

Gentlemen of Ordnance

Chaplain

Lieutenant Colonel Major

‘Engineers

Sdb*Bngiaeot

Captains -

Lieutenants Adjutant -

-i'

1

Gentlemen of Ordnance^ Eirer workers -

Vol. I?.

Flanders Train:

John Henry Hopkey

James Petit - -

Nicholas Dnbois -

Peter Gyltnoyden -

Thomas Hetman -

George Hitmens -

George Arkenhead James Deale - -

John Brooks - -

Peter Stepkhe -

Charles Owjlep -

Jonah Standby ..

Spanish Train:

Reger Davis -

Lieutenant Colonel Jean Cardelten -

Maximilian Fewiere

John Gruel -

Bloom Williams

Edward Ridky - -

James Richards

Thomas Pattison

Francis Hull -

Henry Pillar ..

James Gemot* ..

John Roope - -

Henry Garnet - -

Joseph Burtatt ..

Abraham Carpenter

Burnet Godfrey -

iklf-ptot ft-One Year. tipon ffifc EftibliflinMMt. What wiR niak^up Jfalafy Half-pa^.

ft Si di £. s. d. j£. s. d.

228 6' 200 — — 28 2 6

136 17 6 - ' r 136 17 6

5 — — - - 5o

9l 5 36 {O 54 ij —

54 15 36 id 5*

54 i5 *8 5 ~ 36 id —

54 15 — 18 5 — 36 id —

45 ti 6 36 id — d 2 6

36 10 — 18 5 - 185 —

6to 1$ 5 — 1 18 5 —

36 10 — - 36 id —

60 16 8 - 60 16 8

180 IW — ' — — 182 id —

1 136 17 6 136 17' 6

91 5- - j —

9l 5 - 91' 5 —

9* 5 — - 91 i-

9i 5 — 1 9* 5 —

5o — — m 50

91 5 — 18 5 — 73

91 5 — 18 5 — 73

54 *5 — r» 3 — 36 10 — -

' 54 *5 — 18 5 — 36 10 —

54 »5 — 54 ‘5 —

36 10 — 18 5 — 185 —

36 10 — »$' 5 — 18 5 —

36 10 — 18 5 — 18 5 —

36 10 — 185 — 185 —

36 10 — 18 5 — 18 .5 —

7R Majoi

614

Employments.

Major

Engineers -

Captain -

Firemaster -Lieutenant -Gentleman of Ordnance

Fire-workers

4* — 5° Mail.

Persons Names.

# On several Expeditions to Spain, Flanders, Ostend, Canada, West Indies, and Bomb-vessels.

George Spencer - -

John Bennett

John Redknap, from io March 1714 Francis Hawkins -Zachariah Smith -Thomas Heydon -Thomas Hughes -Thomas Salisbury

Edward Backhouse -

Michael Crafts . Thomas Buffett -John Melliage 1 John Cartwright I Nicholas Dorey -

A.

1714-

Half-pay for One Year. Salary upon the Establishment. What will make up Salary Half-pay.

1- d. £ s. d. £. s. d.

136 17 G $0 56 17 6

182 10 — - 182 to —

74 5 — 74 5 —

91 5 — 50 41 5

9l 5 — 40 51 5 —

73 40 33

54 15 — 36 10 — 18 5 —

36 10 — 18 5' — 18 5 —

36 10 — 185 — 18 5 —

36 10 — 18 r> — T8 5 —

36 10 — 18 .5 — 18 5 —

3G 10 — 185 — 18 5 —

3G 10 — 185 — 18 5 —

36 10 — 18 .5 — 18 5 —

W. Bridges, D. Windsor, C. Mujgrave,

R. King.

.2,188 9 2

Ordered, That the said Estimate be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the several Estimatesand Accounts, relating to the Supply granted to her Majesty, are referred.

Tobacco Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve Trade- a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for encouraging the Tobacco-trade.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriij 50 Maii;

Anno 13* Ann® Regin®, 1714.

Prayers.

Talke, trc. r| 'HE House proceeded to take into Consideration Roads. X the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittenfor, and the most Northern Part of Talke on the Hill, in Butt-lane, in the County of Stafford, was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Nyne Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making the Navigation. River Nyne, or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, be read the Third time upon Friday Morning next.

Woollen A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Manufacture. 10th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen-

Manufactureof Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next, in a full House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, as also several of the Inhabitants, Merchants, and Traders, of the ancient Borough and Town of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Minehead is an ancient and commodious Port, and 'a great Security for harbouring and discharging all Ships failing on the Se-verne, coming and going from all Parts, to the Town of Bridgwater, and City of Br: That the Lnttrell's Family have expended great Sums in making the said Port safe: That the Port of Watchet is incommodious to be made a staple Port; first, by the Danger of the Rocks; next, the Shallowness of the Water, that none but small Vessels can come in, unless on high Spring-tides, and then subject to Wind and Weather; and another Reason, the Town of Taunton has been at great Expences to make the River navigable, from Bridgwater to 'aunton, by an Act by the Petitioners lately obtained; and those trading in Wool there, and importing it at Bridgwater, have it carried to Taunton in Barges, and from t lienee to all adjacent Places, much to the Ease and Advantage of the Inhabitants of Somerset, and other Parts: That

the Petitioners can’t perceive any Benefit will accrue, by making Watchet a liaple Port; but a great Prejudice to the Owners of Ships, and their Trade, who belong to Bridgwater Port, Bristol, and other Ports up the Severne: And praying the Bill may not pal’s, in Prejudice to the ancient Port of Minehead-, and that Watchet may dill continue a Creek to Minehead.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Afiilianls, of the Borough of Tiverton, is referred.

Sir Roger Moftynpresented to the House, by her Majesty’s Command, pursuant to their Address for that

" Major Engineers

This Head, and the Three subsequent Articles, are, by Miftuke, thus placed in the Journal; " On several Expeditions to "

" Spam, Flanders, OJlend, Canada " West Indies, and Uumb-vessels.

George Spenar ——

John Rennet ——

John Redknap, from loth Mar. 1714

13d 17 6 80 56 17 6"

182 10 — - - 182 IO "

74 5 ~ - 74 5 — "

9‘ 5- 50 41 5 — ‘"

91 5 ~ 40 - 5‘ 5

73 40 33 "

And these Errors, are corrected as above, from the Estimate which was presented to the iloufe.

Purpose,

Tobacco

Trade*

13 Ann. ' 5* Matt.

Purpose, an Estimate of the Clearings due to the And the Titles thereof were read.

Marine Forces, to the Days of Difbandment, Anno The said Estimate and Lift are as follow; viz. 1714: And,

A Lift of the particular Warrants, amounting to the Sum of £ 17,100. 13

An ESTIMATE of what is due to clear the Marine Forces, from 25th December 1708, the time to which they were last cleared, to 24th December 1710, according to the Establishment: and from 25th Decembet 1710, to the respective Days of each Regiment’s being di (banded, according to the Numbers estimated by the Commissary General, and sent me by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty.

Received by Mr. Whitfeild, from 25th December 1708, to 24th August £ s. d. 1711, £ 203,801. 6$. 6d.i; but since repaid into the Exchequer £4,576

us. &d.....199,22415 3i

Received by Sir Roger M Baronet -.....233,808 9 8

Refpits from 25th December 1708, to 24th December 1710, but not yet

i (Tiled

- 17,169 11 2

Balance -

450,202

£125,096

16

4

There are 234 Men still at Sea, whose Pay, to the 24th of June 1714, will amount to -

i*

io£

£ 575.299 — u|

1,064 14 —

Due to the Six Marine Regiments £ s. <L from 25th December 1708 to 24th December 1710, according to the Establishment - '-256,266 10. —

Due to D* from 25th December 1710, to the respective Days of each Regiment’s beingdi(banded, according to the Numbers estimated by the Commissary General, and sent me by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty - - - - -297,095 14 2

Charge of Disbanding - - 2,541 18 6f

Due to satisfy sundry particular Warrants - 17,109 1 3i

Due on Account Recruits - - 2,285 *7 —

£ 575,299 — Jit

A LI ST of the particular Warrants, by which the Demand of £17,109. if. $\d. is made.

N° 1 .2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

*7

18

*9

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

General Seymor's Alicant Refpits -Colonel Churchill's D° -Brigadier Bor’s D*

General Wills's D"

Lord Shannon's D° -

Colonel Sediere’s Warrant -Colonel Invyn's -

Major Williams's- -

Ditto -

Colonel Burston and Major Scot's - Mr. Fra. Lynn's-

L‘ Carwarden’s - -

Mr. Samuel Lynn’s -

Mr. Wanfell’s - -

Demd. from the Ordnance -Colonel St.John Webb's Warrant -

Colonel Ward's - Ditto -

Captain Stanhope's - -

Mr. Phillips's -

Major Kemps’s -

Major Saville's -Captain Rodney's -

Mr. Capon's - -

Mr. Master s's - -

L* Bafjett's -

Quarter-respits -

556

680

562

417

170

264

s.

14

7

14

l7

2

d.

6

75 ——

455 ——

56 ——

564 ——

762 10 —

30 ——

45 *2 6 128 — — 3,46.5 15 2

548 ——

69 2 8 298 ——

26 r of /

30 — —

28 *9 —

268 5 —

177 9 6

381 — —

226 10 —

24 1 —

6,798 — if

£17,109 1 31

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Lift be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

1

' The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for encouraging the Tobacco-trade;

A Petition of the Merchants, and Traders to Virginia and Maryland, in the City of Bristol, was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth. That the Tobacco brought to this Port is in lieu of the Manufactures sent from hence, but designed by the Planters for; so

our Factors abroad are often imposed on, and fend home Vol. 17.

Tobacco of mean Quality, the felling Planters falsely packing the Hogsheads; by which means the Duty paid is sometimes more than the real Value; and, at this time, the presentCrop of Tobacco expected from Virginia is spoiled by the Hurricane there, in August last, damnifying it to an uncommon Degree: And praying the Allowance of Damage may not be prohibited; but a reasonableTime allowed for Importation of Tobacco this Year expected.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.

5° — r6* Mail.

A. 17*4.

Mr. Bertie took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed (he Choir.

Mr. Bertie reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report he received upon Ttiefday Morning next.

v

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Dormer and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

TreRagle’s The Lords have passed a fiiti, intituled, An Act for

Sale Of the EfUte of John Ttegagle Esquire, deceased, lying in the Counties of Devon an for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Children: To which the Lords' ctefire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

Reading The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, At) Act Roads. for repairing the Highway^ between the Bear Inn in Beading, in the County of Berks, and a certain Place Called Pun/feild, in the said County, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways Rejoiced, Tlrat this House will, upon Friday Morn-

and Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to conGder further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

'i '

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees which are to meet this Evening be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis ,6° d Mail;

Anno 13° Anoae Reginae, 1714.

Praters.

MR. Harris prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill to-explain, and make more effectual, an Act, made in the tfithiand 17th Years of the Reign of King Charles the I hi, intituled, An Act for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise passable, by Boats, Barges, and other Vessels; as far as the same relates to the River Itch in, alias Itching: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Itching

Navigation.

KnarrAorough Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to \\ rit. the derk Qf tfje CroWn, to make out a new Writ for* the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Knaresborough, in the County of York, in the room of Robert Esquire, deceased.

Southwark A Bill for repairing and amending the Highways m Kingston from the Stones End, in the Borough of Southwark, to , H ' Croydon, Sutton, and Kin the county of ,

was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

‘JPifh can^lit A Bill hr the effectual preventing the Importation kytorns:n- into England, Wales, and Towrt of any Freflf

l'tlh t aught by Foreigners, was read a Second time.

llejhlved, That t he Bi# be committed to Mr. Papifbn, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Sir IVnu Barker,

Mr. terrier. Sir Robert Mr. Gore, Sir John Mor-

ris, Mr. Bofcaxten, Mr. Cunningham, ColonelStc/drais, Sir Richard Onjlnxv, the F.arl of Hertford, Mr. Shackcrley, the Lord IVm, Poxclett, Mr. Sir

Mr. Foley, Mr. Lowndes, Sir IV/n. Withers, Mr. Walpole r Mr. A forth, Mr. England, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Bulled, M Sir

ij

Sir Wm. Pendarocs, Mr. Paw kit, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Snell, Mr. Pitts,$ir Arthur Kay, Mr. London -, Mid all

that serve for the Counties of Kent and SuJex; ilpd for the other maritime Counties: And (hey are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That jt be an Iirstruction to the said Committee, That they have Po.wer to receive a Clause for explaining and enforcing an Act, made in the 30th Year of King Charles the lid, iotitirled, An Act for the Pre-servation of the Fishing in the River

Ordered, That fbe Petition of the Pith mongers of the City of London be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the farther Continuance of the Laws for the Punishing of Vagrants; and for making such Laws more effectdal: And that Mr. Chclwynd, Mr. Shackerlcjt, and Mr. Jen-

nings, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An jngvoffed Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Ninth Ye^r of hfr Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between

Dwnfiableand Ifockley, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pftfe: And tlwt the Title be, An Act for making ipqrp effpftjual an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between and

Hockley, in the Comply of Bedford.

Ordered, That Sir PynJ'ent Chernock do carry the Bill to the Lords, and de/ire their Concurrence.

TlieHouse proceeded, according to Order, to take into Consideration the Pei ition of Sapiuel Ennys Esquire.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Petition be adjourned until Monday Mofning next.

Sir GilbertDolben, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Ef'ex, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had, directed him to report to the House 1 and lie read the same in his Place and afterwards delivered the Report, and Resolutions, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read} and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of IVm. Gore, and Nicholas -fcllisF.squires, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir Thomas R 'cbjler Bafonpt, and Sir Isaac Rebow Knight, for the Rorqugh of Colchester, in the County of Essex:

That the Poll was;

630 for Sir Thomas Webf.ep:

604 for Sir Isaac R: 500 for Mr. Gore:

507 for Mr. Corfdlis.

That the Right of Election was agreed to, be in the Mayor, Aldermen, Common-council, and freeBurgeffes, not receiving Alms.

That the Question w as, Whether the Cctmmon-coun-cil, without free Burgesses, can make Foreigners free:

Againli such Authority in the Common-council; the Petitioners Counsel argued, That this is a Borough by. Prescription; and therefore ’tis requisite the free Burgesses should be present at the Admission of Foreigners: They alleged. There was no Mayor of this Bp rough till the 1 ith l^ar. 1#:

And they produced.

The J ournal of the House of Commons of 28th March 1628, in the then controverted Election for this Borough; whereby it appears. That, till the Time of Richard the First, this Borough had no Bailiffs; and, till the Time of Edward the Fourth, they had no Commonr council:

That

Law* re-

lating to Vagrants.

Dunstable

Roads.

Helftan

Election.

Colchester

Election.

13 Ann. 6* Ma

That they like wife produced the following Entries in the Town-book; viz.

23d Mar. 1696. The Order of Common-council for admitting several Persons to Freedom, upon Payment of such Fines as this House shall think reasonable; provided the free Burgesses fhalhconsent thereunto:

27th April 1697. An Order of Common-council against Foreigners felting up their Trade before they have agreed with the Mayor and Aldermen, or the major Part of them, for Freedom:

6 July 1697. An Order of Common-council, That, from henceforth, no Person, being a Foreigner, and not having a Right to Freedom, shall be admitted a free Burgess, without the Consent of the free Burgesses assembled in the Common-hull, or tire major Part of them. And,

That the Petitioners Counsel called,

Henry Lamb, Miles Bull, and Robert:

"Whose Evidence was. That they have known 20, 30, and 40 Years: And that the Usage of making Foreigners free Burgesses is by calling a Common-floor, which conlilts of near 1,000 free Burgesses; who are summoned by Proclamation, made by the Serjeant, in the several Wards, by Order of the Mayor:

That this Usage was infringed in 1705, when Mr. Rain ham was Mayor: Some few Instances were before that time, of Admitfions by the Mayor alone; others by the Mayor and Common-council: Since that time there have been many such; but they look upon all such Admaliens to be illegal, for want of free Bur--gefl’es being present:

That if the free Burgesses giveConlent, in a Common-floor, to the admitting any particular Freemen, they may be admitted by the Mayor; and are good Freemen.

That it appeared by the Town-book, that 125 were admitted to Freedom by Mr. Rainham in his Mayoralty in 1705, without the Town-clerk; 80 of which the Sitting Members Counsel admitted were Foreigners.

That it appeared by the Journal, that, in the last controverted Election for this Borough, the Question was, "Whether the Mayor, of his own Authority, without Consent of the Common-council, could make Foreigners free: And, upon

27 January 1710, The House resolved. That the

Mayor could not make Foreigners free, without Consent of the Majority of the Aldermen and Common-council.

After which Determination by the House, there is an Order in the Town-book, made by the Common-council, upon the 17th Day of July 1711; whereby the Order of Common-council, of 6 July 1697, against admitting Foreigners, without Consent of the Mayor, Aldermen, Assistants, Common-counoil, and free Burgesses, or the major Part of them, is repealed: And divers Foreigners having of late Years been admitted; some for Money paid; and others for Honour and Services to the Corporation; for Peace and Tranquillity of the Town, all Persons who have been sworn free Burgesses before any Mayor, upon taking the Oath again before the Mayor, are, by the said Order, declared to be duly admitted, and sworn free Burgesses: And, for the future, the Admission and Swearing of any Person a free Burgess, having uo antecedent Right by Birth, or actual Service of Seven Years Apprenticeship, is declared to be void;

and no free Burgess to be hereafter admitted and sworn in any other Place than the Common-hall.

That the Petitioners Counsel argued, That this, and the precedent Orders of the Common-council, are declaratory of a prescriptive Right in the free Burgesses to be present at the Autniiiion of Foreigners.

That the Sitting Members Counsel infilled, That the Mayorand Common-council do all corporate Acts; and have the Right of admitting Foreigners to Freedom: That there is no Instance to the contrary, in any of the Town-books; and that it does not appear in any of those Books, that free Burgesses were ever present at any Admission of Foreigners: They denied >C was necessary to have such Burgesses present at such Adaiiflions:

Vol. 17.

And they called,

Mr. Nathaniel Laurence: Who fairl, Me was Mayor Colcheftrr in 1711: That the Order of 1 7th Juhj in that Year was Flection, made by the Common-council, in pursuance of the last Refutation of tin; House of Commons; which Resolution they then took into Consideration: And they also considered the Conditions of a great many Persons who had paid for Freedom; which Sums the Town was not in a Condition to repay; therefore they made that Order:

And he said, they had, at that time, an Account of those who had l>een sworn by the several Mayors:

And said farther. That the Common-council confills of 1.2 Aldermen, 18 Assistants, and 1$ Burgesses of the Common-council: That the free Burgesses are not of the Common-council: That he has known the Borough 30 Years; and never knew an Instance of free Burgesses being present, or summoned to be present, at any Ad-million of Freemen.

That the Committee came to this Resolution;

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion, of this Committee,

That the Right of making Foreigners, not having a Right of Freedom by Birth, or Service, Freemen of the Borough of Colchester, in the County of is in the

Mayor, and free Burgesses, of the said Borough, in Common-hall afi'embled.

One of the Sitting Members acquainted the Committee, That several Freemen, who had no antecedent Right, having been admitted by Mr. Johnson the late Mayor, at an Assembly; where were present many of the free Burgesses paying Scotland Lot, but not the free Burgesses at large; and many others, who had no antecedent Right, having been admitted in former Mayoralties, without Consent of the free Burgesses at large; the Majority of Votes, upon the Foot of this Resolution, is with the Petitioners.

And thereupon, the Committee came to the following Resolutions j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Thomas Webjler Baronet, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Jfuac Rebozo Knight is notduh' defied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That. Wm. Gore Esquireisduly elected a Burge fs to serve

in this present Parliament for the said Borough of chef er.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Nicholas Coifellis Esquire is duly defied a Burgess

to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester.

The Eirft of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of making Foreigners, not having a Right of Freedom, by Birth or Service, Freemen of the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, is in the Mayor, and free Burgesses, of the said Borough, in Common-hall act’embled: ,

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^ } .,«.

T*rs for, heNoes, J } ,08.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amemi the Return for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, by rating out the Names of Sir Thom Baronet, and Sic isaac Rebow, Knight; and inserting the Names of

7 S William

ffi8

6° Mali. 1714.

William Gore Esquire, and Nicholas Esquire,

inllead thereof.

Stirling Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee of tlecdon Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to euion. them, touching the signing the Petition of Colonel John Erjkin, complaining of an undue Election and

Return for the Burghs of Stirling, Culrofs, Dumfermling, Inverkeithing, and Queen' s-ftrry; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report ' in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read;

and is as follows; viz.

Upon the Petition of Colonel JoAn complain-

ing ofan undue Election and Return of Henry Cunningham Esquire, for the Burghs of Stirling, Culrofs, Dumfermling, Inverkeithing, and:

That the Committee, pursuant to their Instruction from the House, had inquired into the manner of signing tire said Petition.

Mr. Wm. Hamilton said, That he received the Petition

in a Letter from the Petitioner’s Agent in , who

deGred him to deliver it; which was done by his Clerk: That a Letter was produced at the Committee from the Petitioner, dated at Edinburgh, the 2Ctb April last; wherein the Petitioner owns, That he did notfigu the Petition himself; but, having got it drawn, and happening to be out of the W ay the Post-nightit was to be sent up, his Doer, regretting the Delay whereby it might be postponed, put the Petitioner’s Name to it; being advised -such Signing was usual, and fuftieient; and that there was no Necessity for the Petitioner himself to sign: And farther the Petitioner, in the said Letter, desired some Indulgence to those in North Britain, who are still, in great ir.easure, St rangers to the Forms and Methods of the House; and that, in regard the Potition was drawn by his Order, he may be heard to the Merits of it: And, to fdtisfy the House that nothing has been done in this Matter without his Privity and Consent, the Petitioner has sent up, inclosed in such Letter, a Copy of the same Petition, signed by himself.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition; the same not having beenligned by the Petitioner himself.

Privilege. . Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against EdivardVaughan Esquire, a Member of this

House, and the Refutation of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report hi at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday So veil night.

against him and his Lady, to prove the said Will,’ In. perpetuam rei memoriam, and to have a Performance thereof; upon which a Decree was made, in Order to the Payment of the Earl’s Debts and Legacies; the Proceedings upon which Decree being obliructed by Mr.

Robarts his infilling upon Privilege, Application was. made to this House by the now Petitioners; and, upon 18 th February, 8° A nine, the House determined, That Mr. Robarts ought not to have Privilege in that Cause:

That nevertheless Mr. Robarts, by infilling again upon his Privilege, hath since obstructed Proceedings in the said Cause, and in other Suits relating to the said late Earl’s Estate; and, particularly, the Proceedings in an Ejectment brought in Ireland, upon the Foot of the said Will; although the same is not varied in his Favour; nor has he any immediate Interest or Possession; nor is he entitled to any present Possession under the Will, having only a remote contingent Interest, in Right of his Wife, expectant upon the Dcatli of the Duke of Richmond'a Children in the Duke’s Life-time.

After Counsel had been heard on both Sides, Mr.

Robarts declared to the Committee, that he will not infill upon any Privilege in any Action or Suit now depending in any Court of Law or Equity, in England or Ireland, relating to any Estate of John late Earl of

Kildare, deceased.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Regulating resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Laud Force*, upon the Bill for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, refoIvQ itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Edzoard Knatchbhave Leave to ciaodefiin* make a Motion; it being after One of the Clock. . export or And he moved accordingly.

Refolded, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That Ihe will be pleased to iflite her Royal Proclamation, promising such further Reward as Ihe shall think fit, for the discovering any Person or Persons that flw.ll run, or export. Wool, or Woollen Yarn, until further Provision shall be made by Parliament for preventing the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Map fly by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Croffehave Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved accordingly,

Ordered, That it be an lnllrttftion to the felcft Com- Committee mittee, to whom the several Estimates and Accounts re- on Jating to the Supply granted to her Majesty are referred, »dAccounts> , That they do inquire into the causes of the Debt of the Land Forces; and report the same to the House.

Ditto. Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Petitions of Richard Baggot Esquire, surviving Executor of John late Earl of Kildare, deceased; and of John Forbet, and others, Creditors of the said Earl; and which they had directed him to report to ♦lie House: which lit read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: where the said Report was read; and is as foilows;

That the Petitioners Counsel alleged, That the late

Earl of Kildare, by his Will, devised his Estate to Truf-

tees, in Trust, in the First Place, for Payment of his

Debis and Legacies; then the Profits to go to the Duke

of Richmond, for Life; and after his Death, the Estate

to lie fold, ami the Produce thereof to be divided

among the Duke’s younger Children:

That Francis Robarts Esquire, a Member of this

House, having married the Siller, and Heir at Law, of

the Earl of Kildare, a Bill in Chancery was exhibited *

Ordered, That Sir Robert D avers have Leave to make

a Motion.

And he moved accordingly.

And aClause in the Act, pafledioand nth William Fiffi caught Illd, intituled, An Act for making Billingsgate a free by Foreigner*. Market for Sale of Fish, was read.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the effectual preventing the Importation into England, Wales, and Town of Berwick, any fresh Fish caught by Foreigners, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause for allowing the Importation of Lobsters, although caught by Foreigners.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, have Leave to lit in a Morning, if thej' think (it.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Colchester

Return

imended.

Eymer’s, &c. Nat.

Wine

Merchants

Bonds.

Aliens

Goods.

Hele’s

Estate.

Trent

Navigation?

13 Ann. 7° Mail. 61a

Veneris, 70 die Maii;

Anno 13* Ann® Reginae, 1714.

Prayers.

THE Clerk of the Crown attended, and, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of

Mr. Bracebridge reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to naturalize James and others,

was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill} which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of the Wine-merchants in Payment of their Bonds, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Relief of the Wine-merchants ia Payment of their Bonds.

Ordered, That Mr. Ferrier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concnrrence.

A Bill for the better preventing the Covering of Aliens Goods imported, was read a Second time.

And the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Noes.J feT’ } 44-

And, the Votes being equal, Mr. Speaker declared, That he was sorry it came to him to determine in a Point he was so little Master of; but in regard, if it was a good Bill, it would be loft, utiless it was committed; and, if any thing was bad in it, it might be amended by the Committee; therefore he declared with the Yeas.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Manor and Barton of Widdicombe, in the County of Devon, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Walter Hde Gentleman, and Philippe his

Wife; and for raising and securing the Sum of£.1,500 for the Benefit of the Children of the said Walter and Philippe-, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Earle, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Bull eel. Sir Poking ton, Mr.

Pitt, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Sir Arlh.

Kay, Mr. Bruce, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Sir Thomas

Potcell, Mr. Campion, Mr. Shippen, Sir Pynfent nocke, Mr . Medlycolt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mr.

Poult ney. Sir John Erf cine, Mr. Quick, Mr.

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Ward, Sir Edmund BaMr. r reman i and all that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Curzon acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act of the 10th and 11 th Years of the Reign of King ff 'm.intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, is committed, to move

Vol. 17.

the House, That the Committee may provide in the Bill,-That the Navigation of the said River from to Burton be made effectual; and that they may haute Power to receive a Clause to authorize any Per Ions to-build and erect Wharfs or Warehouses upon their trwn\ Land, as they shall see proper. ‘o

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave tt» provide in the said Bill, That the Navigation of the fiikf River from Gainsborough to Burton be made effectual and Power to receive a Clause to give Liberty to any) Persons to build and erect Wharfs or Warehouses upon) their own Land, as they shall see proper.

Sir John Erskin presented to the House a general Abbreviate of the Receipts and Payments made by the Commissioners of the Equivalent in North Britain: j And the Title thereof was read.

The said Abbreviate is as follows; viz.

Dr.

General Abbreviate of the Receipts and Payments made by the Commissioners of Equivalent till, 26 Mar. 1714.

Calli of the Equivalent. s. d.

To Money transmitted from England 398,085 10 —

£ 398,085 10 — -

O.

£. s. d.

By Loss on the Englishmilled Money 3,017 18 9 By Loss on the Money recoined - 49,888 14 114. By the Stock, Interest, and Debts, of

the Indian and African Company - 229,611 4 8

By the Commissioners Secretaries and Accountants of the Two Treaties of Union ----- 30,498 12 2 By the Commissioners of Parliament, the Bishops, and those of her Majesty’s Bounty in the Charity-roll - 27,553 17 gj. By the First Class upon the Civil

Lift ----- - 4,655 6

By the First Class upon the Military Lift - - - 14,188 — 8

BytheSecond Class upon the Military

Lift.....14.458 2 8

By Salaries to Officers and Servants - 5,413 n j.

By incident Charges ... 2,224 6 10

381,509 15 10J Balance - £. 16,575 14

Total - £. 398,085 10 —

Nola, The Commissioners of Equivalent have dated nothing in the above Account for the Salaries due to themselves, or their necefliiry Charges when attending the Execution of their Trust for these aim oft Seven Years past, nor for the other necessary Charges of the Commission since the 26th of Mar. last, because the above Balance of £.16,575 14 v. 1 id.is in their Hands; and they are willing to submit their same to the Wisdom and Justice of the honourable House of Commons, after their Accounts are fairly examined.

Ordered, That the said Abbreviate be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Accounts and Vouchers relating to the said Equivalent-money in North Britain-, and report the Matter, with their Opinion thereon, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Wilmington, Mr. Bulled, Mr. Lawson, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Cunningham, Sir John Anjlrulher, Mr. Gtcynn, Sir Richard Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Tho. Powell, Lord Powlett, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Mr. Hart, Mr.

Bromley, Mr. Conyers, Sir Cha. Barrington, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. Hei/sham, Mr. Monro, Sir James Stuart, Mr. Campbell, Sir John Erf kin, Mr. Mr. Eden, Mr.

Scotch

Equivalent.

C

A. 1714.

<£20

7 — 8° Mail

Laws relating to Vagrants.

Supply Bill; Land l ax.

Fifti

caught by Foreigners.

Ways and Means.

Scobell, Mr. Freman, Sir Gilbert Kay,

Mr. Powlelt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Carnegie, Mr. Pytls, Mr. Laugham, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Harley, Mr. Auditor Harley, Mr. Campion, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Bertie, Mr. the Earl

of Hertford, Mr. Medlycot, the Lord Finch, Sir Richard

Howe, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Sheppard, Sir Turner,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Hareourt, Mr. Foley, Sir Tho. Cross, Mr. Moor, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Rob. Jenkinson, Mr. Clark, Mr. Givyn, Mr. Gotdjton, Colonel Stephens, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Cafar, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Brydges, Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir John Cope, Mr. Vernon, Mr. for. Sir Matth, Dudley, General Stanhope $ and all the Members that serve for Worth Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to fit de die in diem: And have Leave to lit in a Morning.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt be added to the Gentlemen who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for the further Continuance of the Laws for the Punishing of Vagrants; and for making such Laws more effectual.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1714, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1714.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Smithson, Mr. Mr. Mil-

lington, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir John Cafs, Captain Mr. Wykes, Captain Chapman, Sir Charnocke, Sir

Edzcard Williams, Mr. Ward, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the effectual preventing the Importation into England, Wales, aud Town of any fresh Fish caught by Foreigners, is committed.

The Orders of the Day being read}

Resolved, That this Floufe will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

t Nyne Navigation.

Supply.

Fifti

caught by Foreigners,

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making the River Nyne, or Nen, running from Northampton, to Peterborough, navigable, be reud the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Edzcard have Leave to

moke a Motion, it being after Que a Clock.

And he moved accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the BiH for the cfTeflual preventing the Importation into England, Wales, and Town of any

fix-ill Fish caught by Foreigners, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause to prevent the drying any lholten Herrings that shall be caught in any Year after the 1 tth Day of November, commonly called tinmas-day, and making the same into red Herrings.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 8* die Mali;

Anno 13* Ann® Regins, 1714.

Praters.

ABI L L for Sale of the Estate late of Richard Earl Ear*01 of Ranelagh, deceased, at and Cranborn,

in the Counties of Middlesex and Berks, was read a J Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Mr. Gzvynn, S\r Richard Howe, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

fan, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Jacob Banks, Sir Gilb.

Lord Willoughby, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Bracebridge,

Mr. Dyott, Mr. Lockhart, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr.

Letchmere, Mr. Anntfey, Colonel Grahme, Mr. Cafar,

Mr. Mcdhjcoll, Sir John Pakington, Colonel Holmes,

Mr. Ward, General Ecklyn, Mr. Serle, Mr. Sir

Tho. Clarges, Mr. Moore, Mr. Harris, Mr Mr.

Wallis, Colonel Stephens, Co\one\ Fleming, Mr. Vaughan,

Sir Cha. Barrington, Sir Richard Child, Mr. Freeman,

Mr. Robartes, Mr. Wren, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Edmund Prideaux, Mr. Winstanley, Mr. Southwell, Mr.

Wind for , Sir Tho. Crojfe, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Clarke, Mr.

Campion, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Etterick, Mr. Watkins, Mr. Hu Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Lowndes, Lord Wm.Powlett, Mr. Carter, Sir Fox, Mr. Berkeley: And all that serve for the Counties of il Jiddbj/exand Berks: And they are to meet this

Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for upholding and repairing the EdinWrt Bridges and Highways in the County of Brulgesiu!

was read the Third time. llifclwjvi

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An /\ft for upholding and repairing the Bridges and Highways in the County of Edinburgh.

Ordered, 'lhat Mr. Lockhart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Wife's THt Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the to the Cw* Time being, to compound with Robert Wife, and his Sureties, for the Debts which he owes her Majesty, or stands bound for as Surety for Customs on Tobacco, waa read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee, of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act SmitV» for veiling the Lease of the Rectory of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts of George Smith Esquire, deceased; and for making Proviftou for his Daughter) was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pytts,

Lord Wm.Pozclett, Mr. Parker, Mr. Herbert, Mr.

Berkley, Sir Arth.Kay, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Earle,

Mr. Burfcm, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Archer, Mr.

Wild, General Ecklyn, Mr. Quick, Sir Wm. Pole, Mr.

Newland, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Car ter, Sir HanyGorcing, Mr. Collier, Mr. London, Mr. Chapman,

Mr. Campion, Mr. Pitt, Sir Robert DaMr. Weaver, the Earl of Her ford, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Gore, Colonel Codrington, Mr. Mcdlijcott, Mr. Moore, Mr. Eden; and all that serve for the Counties of Derby, , and

Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir William Pole presented.totbe House, according to Order, a Bill for the Relief of poor insolvent Debtors: And the same was received: and read the First time. ReJ'vlved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr-

lLfoIvc.1:

Debtor*.

13 Ann. 8 "Mail.

Denham

Breach.

Levels of Havering and Dttgnatii, in the County of j£^\r,have fully proved the ANegations of their Petitions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That speedy Care be taken to flop the said Bread), thereby to preserve the Navigation of the River of Thames.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question Ibverally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of some effectual Means for repairing the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex; and for preserving the Navigation of the River of Thames.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

A Petition of Thomas Lant and Samuel Esquires Southwark was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the 29th of April was appointed for an Election for Southwark, in Surry:That the Petitioners, John Lade, and Fisher Tench, Esquires, flood Candidates; but, by Corruption, and other illegal Practices of the Bailiff’of the Borough, as also Mr. and Tench, and their Agents, the said M r. Lade and Tench are returned; inWrong of the Petitioners: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday come Sevennight.

Sir Thomas Crosse reported from the select Committee, Committee to whom the several Ellimates and Accounts relating to on Estimate# the Supply granted to her Majesty were referred. That and Account* they had considered the Account of the Sums necessary to be provided for extraordinary Services under the Care of Mr. How, Paymaster of the Guards and Gari-fons for the Year 1714; and also the Estimate of Halfpay of the Military Officers, and Chaplains, that have served in Flanders and Spain, and on several Expeditions, with what Allowances they have on the Establishment in the Office of Ordnance, and what will be required to complete their Half pay for One Year; and also the Estimates of the Debt of her Majesty’s Navy on the several Heads therein mentioned, as it flood on the 31st of December 1713; as also the Causes of the said Debt; and that the Committee had directed him to report to the House the several Matters relating the reunto, as the same appeared to the Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Reports were severally read: and are as follow; vix.

Mr. Conyers reported front the Committee, to whom _ the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of London j and also of several Merchants, Owners and Mailers of Ships, on behalf of themselves, and others; and also several other Petitions, relating to a Breach in the Banks of the River of Thames, within the Leyels of Havering and Dagenham, were referred: That they had considered the Matter thereof; and had directed him to report the same to the House, and the Resolutions the Committee had come to thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report, and Resolutions, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read > and are as follow; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, That the Lord Mayor of i.owd<3n, as Conservator of the River of upon Information given him of aBreach, which happened in February last, in the Walls of the Levels of Havering and 'Dagenham, in the County of Essex, adjoining to the said River, whereby a great Part of the said Levels was overflowed, appointed a Survey of the said River lobe taken by his Water Bailiff; by whose Report it doth appear, that the Navigation of the said River is already very much prejudiced, by the said Breach, of Four Miles above, and Two Miles below, the fame; as by the said Report, as also by a Report from the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Trinity-House of Deptford Strand, thereunto annexed, will more fully appear:

Which Reports were likewise confirmed by the Testi-ir.ony, of the said Mailer, and several of the Brethren, of the Trinity House, the Commissioners of Sewers for the said Levels, and Mr. Butler, the Water Bailiff of the City of London, then attending this Committee.

That it appeared, upon the Examination of several of the Commissioners of Sewers, who attended the said Committee, and of the Clerk of Sewers, and the respective Expenditors for the Levels, That the Taxes charged . upon the Land-owners, from 1707,

to the 19th of December 1713, upon the Level of Havering, amounted to £.13,723 and upon the Level

of Dagnam, to£. 14,364, which Sum amounts to £.28,08 7 95. c d.besides several Debts, amounting to about£. 2,000 contracted by the Land-owners, and not yet provided for by any Rate charged upon the said Levels.

That it farther appeared to the Committee, upon examining the said Matter and Brethren of Trinity House, as to their Opinion what the Charge of repairing the said Breach will amount to, they declared themselves not competent Judges thereof; but believed, that it may coll as much, or more, to repair the said Breach, as has already been expended towards the Recovery thereof by the Land-owners, which appeared to the Committee to be upwards of .30,000.

And, upon Examination of Thomas Hall,a Carpenter, '

who was employed several Years in the said Work till the said Breach was flopped, he, by an Estimate hereunto annexed, made it appear to the Committee, That the said Breach will cost, flopping, and making good the Walls ruined by the said Breach, £36,000.

And it further appeared, upon Examination of the Commissioners of Sewers of the aforesaid Levels, That the several Sums of Money before mentioned to have been raised upon the said Levels were justly and truly applied towards recovering the said Breach; and that the several Accounts thereof, together with the Vouchers for the fame, were always ftrt&ly examined by Four of the said Commissioners, who, for several Years past, met once a Month, for taking care to forward the said Work, and to afft fs Taxes, and make Decrees for Sale of Lands, in Default of Payment of Taxes for defraying the Charges of the said Work.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolutions following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Petitioners, touching the Breach in t he Vo l. 17.

The Committee took into Consideration an Account of the Sums necessary to be provided for extraordinary Services, under the Care of Mr. How, Paymaster of the Guards and Garisons for the Year 1714: which, chiefly related to the Provision to be made for the Support of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea:

And, upon Examination of the Estimate of the Expence of the said Hospital, on the present Establishment, That the Committee were of Opinion,

That the Estimate, according to the said Establishment, was reasonable; and did £. d.

amount to the Sum of - - 42,785 14 4

The Committee took into Consideration the Estimate of Half-pay of the Military Officers, and Chaplain, that have served welLin the Trains of Artillery in Flanders and Spain, and on several Expeditions; with what Allowances they have on the Establishment, in the Office of Ordnance $ and what will be required to complete their Half-pay;

for One Year.

That, the Committee were of Opinion, That the said Estimate was reason- £. s. d. able: and did amount to the Sum of 2,188 0 2

7 T 'The

23

8° M

A- 1714-

Committee The Committee took into Consideration the Estimates of the Debt of her Majesty's Navy, on the several on Eiti mates and Accounts.

£. s. d.

29,862

174,200

10 ,0J

1.23,889 — —,) 1,280,400 ——

s.

d.

204,062 10 10

1,411,085 16 — -

Heads therein mentioned, as it flood on the 31st o(December 1713} as also the Causes of the said Debt: And it did appear that,

On the Head of Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Extraordinary Repairs,

There is charged, as due for the Freight of Hospital Ships and Tenders, as also for Stores delivered into her Majesty’s fev, eral Yards, for which no Bills were made out, on the said 31st of December 1713; as also to several Bills of Exchange - -

To her Majesty’s Yards and Rope-yards, -for the Ordinary and Extraordinary thereof - -

On the Head of Seamens Wages,

There is charged, as due to the Men unpaid, on the Books of Ships paid off ft nee the Resolution ....

To Ships in Sea-pay on the 31st December 1713 -

To pay off, and discharge, all the Bills entered in Course, for Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to W idows and Orphans Pilotage, fife, on the Head of Seamens Wages - ----- -- 6,796 16 — ,

On the Head of Victualing,

There is charged as due for short Allowance to the Companies of her Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -

For Bills on their Course, and also Bills of Exchange from foreign Parts; for necessary and extra-necessary Money, and Wages, to the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed therein, at the several Ports, fife. ——

On the Head of Sick and Wounded, and Exchange of French Prisoners,

There is charged as due to the lick and wounded Seamen For Subsistence of French Prisoners ——

It was observed by the Committee, That there was granted by the last Parliament, for the Half-pay of Sea Officers, which has not been paid, a Sum of -

And also for Half-pay to Marine Officers, which hath not yet been paid, a Sum of - -S, Q the whole D.ebt of the Navy, on the several Heads above-mentioned, as it Hood on the 31st cember 1713, by JLftimate, is- - -

It appeared to the Committee, That there was regaining in the Hands of the late and pjefeiit 'jTfeafurers of the Navy, in Money, Tallies, and South Sea Stock, on the 31st December 1713, \vhiqh may be reckoned towards satisfying the said Debts, the several Sums foil. viz.

fThe Executors of Sir Tho. Littleton - - - 8,560

Robert Walpole Esquire ,- - - - - 5,196

\pharles Cafar Esquire - - - 758,776

LThe Caliber for Sick and Wounded - - - 1,280

121,668

21,412

26,401

280

In the Hands of<

s.

6

18

2

13

d. 1 i 2*

7

£‘773>8i4 — 3t

So that put of the eft.ima.ted Debt of the Navy, wlpch is " -

’Jhe Slum jn the H^nds of the several Treasurers of the Navy, being deduced, which is

T|ie Debt of tfoe Navy, ^s it was estimated on the 31st of December 1713, is - -

The Commissioners of the Navy having, by Direction, laid before the said Committee, in Writing, the Causes of the Debt of the Navy, they tookjthe same into Consideration, and proceeded on then) Head by Head:

The first of the said Heads relating to Money voted by Parliament, and not received by the Treasurer of the Navy:

And it did appear,

That the Sum voted by Parliament, for Sea-service for the Year 1712, was not all received the Treasurer of the Navy} but, including some Deficiency, in the Year 1711, there was a Deficiency in the Year 1712, of - -

As also a Deficiency, in the Year 1713, of ——

The Second Head related to an extraordinary Expence in the Navy, Victualing, 5 from the 1 ft October 1710, to the 31st December following, fife, beyond the Provision made by Parliament:

And, upon considering the said Second Head, it did appear, That, from the rft October 1710, to 31st December foil, there was expended in £. s. d.

the Navy the Sum of - '- - 629,694 2 1

And that there was given by Parliament, only the Sum of - 3*4,995 *5 5

143,080 17 3

26,682 11 g

17,000

4,879

6 —

1,806,791

1,806,791 x 4 773,814, — si

i>°3*>977 1 — i

271,779 12 184,757 1

9

1

So that the Sum expended in that Quarter, more than given by Parliament, was, - - - - .

But the Committee did further observe, That tjje Parliament gave, for the whole Service of the Navy, for the Year 1710, the Sum of £.2,096,000. One Fourth whereof is £.524000} and that Stun only

304,698

6 8

ought

i 3 Ann.

8° Ma

114,659 12 51

osght to have -beep e*peftded m ttoatltime; which makes 30 ’Exceeding, in £. s. d. fthat Quarter, of - - -.....105,694 4 1

Which Exceeding toeing deduced out of the said Expence, not provided for by Parliament, the Deficiency in that Quarter amounts to the Sum of--- ——

So that the Deficiencyanaoonts to ——

But it did appear, that the Treasurer of the Navy had received, for Dividends of South Sea Stock, over and above the interest paid by him for Loans on South Sea Stock, a Sum amounting to - - - - -125,355 3 9

Which said Sum last mentioned was received by the Treasurer of the Navy, over and above the Sums received toy him, out of the annual Supplies given toy Parliament.

The Committee did atf© observe, That there bath been applied towards the current Service of the Navy, over and above the annual Supplies given by Parliament, a Sum amounting to - -

Which said Sum was provided for, as Part of a Sum of £.263,121. 2r. id. by South Sea Stock, to discharge Debts due on Recalls of Ships, and hath not yet been called for.

Which Two Sums before mentioned the Treasurer of the Navy has received over and above what he received of the annual Supply granted by Parliament for the Service of the Navy; and amounts to -

And being deducted out of the Deficiency before mentioned, the whole Deficiency on the Two First Heads will amount to the Sum of ——

Which did appear to the Committee to be a Cause of the Debt of the Navy.

The Third Head of the Causes of the Debt of the Navy confided of a Sum paid for Premiums for Naval Stores, for which nothing was given by Parliament; and so the Committee were of Opinion, That that was a Cause of the Debt of the Navy; and did amount to ——

The Fourth Head was a Sum paid for Bounties, between Michaelmas 1710 and Christmas 17131 to the Officers of the Fleet, and Ships Companies, of 5 a Head, for Prisoners taken; and, there being up Provision made by Parliament for those Bounties, the Committee were of OpiuioB, That that was a Cause of the Debt of the Navy; and did amount to ——

The Fifth Head related to victuaiing Land Forces, and Garisons, and other extra’ Services performed.

The Committee proceeded to consider the several Particulars from which this Head of Expence did arise; and did observe, that in Provisions furnished by the Commissioners for victualing her Majesty’s Navy, for Land Forces on Board, and in Garisons, there hath been expended a Sum amounting to ----- ---. - -.

That there were Provisions issued to the Inhabitants of Nevis and St. Ckrijtopher’s, amounting to the Sum of ——

That there was also paid to the several Pursers on their Account, due at Michaelmas 1710, which could not be then made up, but were afterwards adjusted, the Sunt of -

623

s. d.

199,004 4 7

655>540 *8 5$

Totai -

And the Committee were of Opinion, That these last. Heads of Expences were Causes of the Debt of the Navy.

It did also appear to the Committee, That there has been expended in paifipg Commissions, and other Services relating to the Establishment of the South Sea Company, the Sum of ----- -,.

The Committee further observe, That the Debt due to the Marines is not included in the Debt of the Navy, Hated in this Report 5 there having been no Account thereof brought in.

240,014 16 2f

4<5>52'6 2 3

I3»735 16

39,245

*3*853 13 11 6,107 10 — 23,989 12 5

630,457 *4 9

jr. s. a:

7*435

Bristol Poor.

Ordered, That the said Reports be referred to the Cpnsideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimates be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William IIP, intituled, An Act for erecting Hof-pitals and Work-houses within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, be now read a Second time;

Vol. 17.

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered,.That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 10th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled,. An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broadcloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; be read a Second time upon IVcdnef-dayMorning next.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the - whole House, upon the Bill for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majesty’s Service; and for . the Payment of tlte said Forces, and of their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.

Woollen

Manufacture*

Regulating Laud Force*.

Stealing

Cattle*

Tregagle*

Eitute.

Duty on Luwns, Canvas, &c.

Bangor, Sec. Mortuaries.

t

624 8" — io* Mail. A. 1714.

Mr. Chapman took the Chair of the Committee. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act; for

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. And Mr. Chapman reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and directed him to move, Tli8t they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luneey 10° die

Anno 13* Annae'Reginae, 1714.

Praters.

A BILL for the more effectual preventing, and punishing, the Stealing, or unlawful Killing, of Cattle, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Smithson, Captain Burgh, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Earle,

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Bulteel, Sir Robert , Sir John

Pakington, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Quick, Mr. Dyot, Mr. CorfeUis, Mr. Snell, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Bichard Howe, Mr. Letchmere, Mr. Chetwynde, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Wykes, Mr. Mr. Newland,

Mr. Chapman, Sir Willo. Hickman-, and all that serve for the Counties of Kent, Surry, Hertford, Middlesex, and Essex, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrotTed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the EstateoL/o/in Tregagle, Esquire, deceased, lying in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to explain a Clause in an Act of Parliament, of the 10th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and firiped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; and upon several Kinds of llampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and upon certain printed Pamphlets and ‘ Advertisements; for raising the Sum of Eighteen huu-dred thousand Pounds, by Way of a Lottery; and for other Purposes in the said A ft mentioned; so far as the same relates to Lawns, Canvas, Buckrams, Barras, and Silesia Neckcloths; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mcller and Mr. Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for taking away Mortuaries within the Diocese of Bangor, Landajf, St. David’s, and St. Asaph; and giving a Recompence therefor to the Bishops of the said respective Dioceses; and for confirming several Letters Patents, granted by her Majesty, for perpetually annexing a Prebend of Gloucester to the Maliership of Pembroke College, in Oxford-, and a Prebend of Rocliester to the Provost-fiiip of Oriel College, in Oxford; and a Prebend of Norwich to the Malterthip of Catharine in Cambridge: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House, AHo,

naturalizing Christian Willicrm To which the

Lords desire the Concurrence of this I louse. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the bill, intituled, An Act for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Salt to be made use of for the Curing of I'ith taken in the North Seas, or at IJleland, without Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Drew have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Jennings presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Running of Brandy: And the same was-received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for making the River Nine, or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, was, according to Order, read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That if the Undertakers shall neglect to erect, or maintain, sufficient Bridges over any fordable Places in the River, they shall forfeit for

any Neglect, to be applied towards the erecting, or maintaining, such Bridges:

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making the River or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resumed the further Consideration of the Petition of Samuel Ennys, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Thomas Tonkin, Esquire, for the Borough of in the County of Cornwall:

Whereupon Mr. Tonkin was heard in his Place.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday the 10th Day of June next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committea of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

KirchofPi

Nau

Drawback on Salt*

Leave of Absence.

Running of Brandy.

Njne

Navigation.

Hefflo*

Eledioo,

Way* and Means*'

Supply.

Committees

13 Ann. i f# Mait. 625

Mart is y 1 iQ die Mail;

Anno 130 Anns Reginas, 1714.

Praters.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and

Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Land Tax. for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to he raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1714, without Amendment:

Olliver’g Also to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of Liiate. the Eft ate of Joseph Olliver Gentleman, lying in the County of Devon, and City of Exon, for Payment of his Debts; and for making Provision for the Maintenance and Education of his Daughter; without Amendment. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bristol Poor- A Petition of the principal Freeholders, Merchants, Citizens, and Inhabitants, of the City of who

pay towards the Maintenance of the Poor, on behalf of them selves, and many other Freeholders, Merchants, and Inhabitants, there, who liken ife pay towards the Maintenance of the same Poor, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by an Act in 1696, the Corporation had Power to take upon them the Maintenance of the whole Poor within the said City, and to raise a yearly Sum, not exceeding the greatest Sum for that Use raised in any of the Three Years pall, which they endeavoured to do; but met with great Opposition from the Churchwardens and Overseers of the several Parishes, and others; which hindered their Discovery; but, by the Rates which were collected from the Inhabitants of the said City, and upon Perusal thereof, the greatest Sum raised thereby was £.2,376. i6r. sd. which the Corporation, not being then able to make any further Discovery, did accept of, for Maintenance of the whole Poor; in hopes that, by employing the Poor that were able to work, it might have been sufficient; and, proceeding thereon, did effectually complete the same for several Years: That there was concealed from the said Corporation above f. 500 per Annum, charitable Gifts; which was yearly employed towards maintaining the Poor, called casual Poor, and not brought into the said Rates: That the whole Charge of the casual Poor have fallen upon the said Corporation: for which they have had no Allowance: That several Sums, given by Benefactors, did amount to £.4,360 15 s. for carrying on the fame; the Interest only to be applied for the Maintenance of the said Poor, although not so expressed; but the Poor increasing, and for want of the said £. 500 per Annum, the Corporation have- been forced toexpend the said Sum of £. 4,360 15 s. and likewise. to eontraft several great Debts, for carrying on the said charitable Work; which Debts remain on them; and thereby are unable to maintain the said Poor, unless farther supplied, for the Reasons following: First, For want of the said £.500 per Annum, from the Year 1696 to 1713, which amounts to £.8,500 Principal: 2dly, Since the passing the Act in 1696, the Buildings in the said City ate increased, which greatly increased the Charge of the Poor: 3dly, That, by the late War, many Fathers of Families have been loft: 4thly, And, since the said Act, there hath been great Scarcity of Provisions in many Years: 5thly, There hath been a great Decay in the Woollen and other Manufactures, which hath greatly increased the Poor: That the Inhabitants are not raised above 6d. in the Pound; whereas the neighbouring Parishes of this City, who, at the passing the said Act, did not raile above 12 d.in the Pound, are now forced to raise above qs. 6 d.for Maintenance of the Poor: That the said

ir Corporation, till of late, not only maintained their aged

Poor, without Begging; but took care of the Young, by educating them, and placing them out Apprentices: VoL. 17.

That the Petitioners are satisfied, that the said Corporation have duly applied all the Money tljat came to their Hands, in Maintenance of their Poor, their Accounts being ready to be produced; which if not otherwise supplied, it will breed Confusion and Disorder in the said City: And praying a further Supply maybe granted to the said Corporation for the Maintenance of the Poor.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for racking more effectual an Act, passed in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King IVm.III. intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof) be read a Second time.

Mr. Papillon reported from the Committee, to whom Fish caught the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Importation by Foreign-into England, Wales, and Town of Berwick, any fresh erg Fish caught by Foreigners, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House:

And the Bill was amended also by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wright/on presented to the House, according to Endowing Order, a Bill for making Inclosures of some Part of the Vicamge* by Common Grounds in that Part of Great Britain called Inclosures. England, for endowing poor Vicarages and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the House, That Answer to their Address had been presented to her Majesty, That Address. Ihe would be pleased to issue her Royal Proclamation against the Running of Wool; and that the was pleased to answer; That the will give Order for such Proclamation, as is deftred.

Sir Matthew Dudley presented to the House, according paterson to Order, a Bill for relieving Wm. PaterJ'on Esquire, out Claim*, of the Equivalent-money, for what is due to him: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

A Bill for the Relief of poor insolvent Debtors, was insolv«nt read a Second time. Debtor*.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Pole,

Mr. Fuller, Lord Wm.Powlett, Mr. Mr.

Tilney, Mr. Bulteel, the Earl of Hertford, Mr. Lawson,

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Sibthorp, Mr Eden, Colonel Stuart, Siv Richard Onslow, Sir Tho. Powell, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Cunningham, Sir David Dalrymple, Mr. Forbes, Mr.

mondley. Sir Bryan Stapleton, Mr. Fairfax, Lord Tam-worth, Mr. Burslem, General Stanhope, Mr. Walpole, Sir Christ. Musgrave, Sir Arth. Kay, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Aldworlh, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Onslow, Sir Janies Stuart, Mr. Corfellis, Mr. Hart, Mr. Watkins,

Mr. Cholmtey, Admiral Wager, Mr. Renda, Mr. Finch,

Mr. Carew: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the Way* whole House, who were to confuler further of Ways and Mean*. Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

7 U That,

6a6

11

Mali.

A. 17x4.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, were granted for One Year, until the 24th Day of June 1714, be continued, and charged upon all Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, within the Kingdom of Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1714 to the 24th Day of June 1715.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, were granted for One Year, until the 24th Day of June 1714, be continued, and charged upon all Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1714 to the 24th Day of June 1715.

Ordered, That a Rill be brought in upon the said Re-fblution: And that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. , do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Royal A (Tent to Bills.

withstanding it is an Inheritance, and settled on the Petitioner’s Two Daughters, as aforesaid, and without taking Notice of the Petitioner’s Daughters Right, or mentioning any of the said Earl’s Estate- in the Possession of the Administratrix, and the Countess his Widow, which areof great Value, and, in their Nature, not only liable to the Payment of the publick Debt, if any, without an Act to make them so, but to the Discharge of the private Debts of the said Earl: That after the Petitioner flopped the Bill brought in by the Administratrix, the last Parliament, for the fartie Purposes, and altnoft in the same Words, to fheW he had no Other Design in oppoling the same but the Preservation of his Childrens Right, did agree with the Administratrix’s Agent, who treated with the Petitioner iti her Name, that another Bill, this Session, fliouhl be brought in for Sale of the said House and Gardens, And placing the Money arifingon publick Funds, to pay thte Charges in passing the said Earl’s publick Accounts; and the Balance, if any, to pay the Petitioner’s Children Two-fifths of what Chelsea shotdd be sold for, pursuant to their Grandfather’s Settlement; and the Surplus to be made Assets, in Aid to the personal Estate of the said Earl, and applied by the Administratrix to discharge his private Debts, according to the Courl'e of Administration; and a Petition for bringing in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid was signed by the Petitioner; but by What Wreans dropt the Petitioner knows not: That tire Petitioner was surpriftd at the Petition of the Three Creditors aforesaid, which the Petitioner never heard Of till be read it in the printed Votes; but bad been affarfed by the Admin'iflratrix’s Agent, that die private Creditors of the said Earl, at a Meeting, to which, at the

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Otdes,

Gentleman Cfliet of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers:

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had been up at Petitioner’s Desire, were summoned, did, all, or major the House of Peers; where her Majesty’s Commission was Part of them, agree, that the just Rights of the Retire ad, notifying and declaring, in her Majesty’s Absence, tioner’s Infant Daughters flxould, after the public Debt the Royal Afl’ent to several publick Bills, and to One pri- Fatisfied, 'be taken cave of, in any Bill to be brought in, vate Bill: And that the Lord Chancellor of Great Bri- and preferable to their Demands, as by Law it ought to

'be: Atxd praying to be heard, by Cormfel, against the said Bill’s passing; or that such Cianfes may be added to the same as the Petitioner’s Counsel shall advise, for Preservation of their just Rights entire to them.

That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of the Estate of 'Richard late Earl of Ranclagh, deceased, at ChetJea and Cranborne, in the Counties df and Berks, is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That the Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of at the Bar of this

House, which is appointed to be upon Seven-

night, be put off until this Day Fortnight.

A Petition of the Merchants of Whitehaven trading to Virginia and Maryland was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Tobacco-trade has for several Years laid Under great Discouragements; and particularly from packing up mean Tobacco by the Planters in Virginia and Maryland; which the Petitioners could not avoid, it being generally sold to the Traders in the Out-ports, the best being consigned to the London Merchants; but this Year the Petitioners will lie under insupportable Hardships, when the greatest Part of the making Provision for Maintenance and Education of Crop in Maryland and Virginia has been so fore Spoiled

and damnified by the violent Storm, that happened in would prove most ruinous to the Petitioners;

tain. Lord Steward of her Majesty’s Houshold, and other Lords commissioned for that Purpose, did accordingly notify and declare the Royal Assent to the several Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to ber Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1714:

An Act for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Salt to be made use of for the Curing of Fish taken at North Seas, or at IJleland:

An Act for the building a new Church, or Chapel of Ease, in Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, by a Duty or Imposition on all Coals, Culm, and Cinders, to be landed there:

An Act for repai ring the Highways between Shepherd's Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdon-hill, in the County of Wilts, and other rninous Parts of Highways thereunto adjacent:

An Act for repairing the Highway, or Road, from the City of Worcester to the Borough of in

the County of Worcester:

An Act for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, in the County of Berks, and a certain Place called Puntfeild, in the said County:

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Joseph OUiver Gentleman, lying in the County of Devon, and City of Exon, For Payment of his Debts; and for

his Daughter

F.urlof Pane- A Petition of Thomas Lord Coningsby of the Kingdom

lagh’* Estate. Gf Ireland, in behalf of Margaret Coningsby and Frances Coningsby, his Two Infant Daughters, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That Richard Earl of Ranelagh, Grandfather to the said Infants, did, by his Will, and otherwise, bequeath unto them several Parts of his real and personal Estate; particularly -J-ths of what the House and Gardens at Chelsea should produce when fold: That a Bill is depending for Sale thereof, on the Petition of Three inconsiderable Creditors of the said Earl, not-

for they cannot prevent receiving such Goods, nor able to pay the Duties for them when brought home, if the Claul'e for taking away Allowance for Damages should take Eft’eft: And praying the Allowance of Damage may not be prohibited, otherwise a reasonable time allowed for Importation of Tobacco this Year; and that all Interest lately paid upon Bonds for the Duties on Tobacco may be repaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be received from the Committee of (he

whole

Southwtrk

Lied ion.

Tobaec® Trade.

Tobacco

Trade.

Wife’* Debt to the Crown*

BriAol Poor.

13 Ann.

whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging the Tobacco-;rade was committed.

Mr. Bertie (according to Order) reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which they had made to the said Bill, and had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Amendments in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once rend throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed unto, and the Residue agreed unto, by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That for all Tobacco exported from Scotland after the Day of and before the Day of

following, the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland shall cause the Debentures to be made forth, and allowed to the Merchants, according to the Laws in Force before the said Day of

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for continuing Warrant Officers in the Customs, notwithstanding the Death or Removal of the Commissioners of the Customs:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part' of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, touching Tobacco burnt or destroyed in the Queen’s Warehouses:

And the same was twice read; and, by Leave of the IToufe witlidrawn.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out the Clause for locking up Tobacco in

Warehouses:

And the Question being put. That the Clause stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j

Tellers for the Noes, j }1.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by adding a Proviso to a Clause in the Bill; viz. Fol. 8. L. 18. before "Proprietor;"

" Provided always, That in case any Tobacco, put " into the said Warehouses, and so looked up as aforesaid, shall be burnt or destroyed by Fire during the " time it remains in the said Warehouses, the Proprietors or Owners of such Tobacco shall be allowed the whole Duties paid, and the Bond shall be discharged " for so much thereof as shall have been so burnt or " destroyed

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, Agreed unto by the House.

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to impower the Lerd High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Robert and his Sureties, for the Debts which he owes her Majesty, or Hands bound for, as Surety for Customs on Tobacco.

Ordered, That the Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William Hid, intituled, An Act for Vol. 17.

7

erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, be read a Second time Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in her Ma-jessy’s Service} and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes have Leave to make a Motion, it being after One a Clock.

And he moved accordingly.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Report made to the moll honourable the Earl of Oxford and , Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, from the Commissioners for making a new Survey of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, veiled in Trustees, for the better fortifying Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich; and for afeer-

taining the Damages sustained by the Proprietors; delivered to his Lordship April 16,1714; be referred to the select Committee, to whom the several Estimates and Accounts relating to the Supply granted to her Majesty are referred: And that they do consider thereof; and report the Matter, with their Opinion thereon, to the House.

Sir George Beaumont, from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, presented to the House, by her Majesty’s Command, pursuant to their Address for that Purpose, a List of the Names of the Chaplains who have served in her Majesty’s Fleet in the late War, with those now employed; together with the Estimate of the Half-pay to such of them as probably will not be employed in the Ships for the Ten thousand Men in time of Peace:

And the said Lift is as follows;

Admiralty Office,? A LIST of the Chaplains belong- ith May 1714. J ing to her Majesty’s Ships now in Sea-pay; and of those out of Employment:

Chaplains Names. Rigged Ships they have served in Ji a CC to a O 3 w. 0 . i 0

John Ramsey - m Royall Sovereigns - ifi no 850

Edward Mullins - Royall Anne - - I 100 780

Robert Barry - - Vibory - - - I 100 780

Wm. Merinden - Association - - 2 96 680

John Urfgate - - Albermarle - - 2 96 680

Richard Clutton - Marlborough - - 2 96 680

Theodore Welks - Tryumph - - - 2 96 680

Thomas Pocock - Albermarle - - 2 96 680

Johtt Swam - Neptune - - - 2 96 680

John Blaire - - - Tryumph - - - 2 96 680

John Bastard - - Barfeur - - - 2 96 680

Sim. Pindar - Prince George 2 96 680

Wm. Lindfiy - - Triumph - - - 2 96 680

Wm. Beavoir - - St. George - - 2 96 660

John Clifton - Cumberland - - 3 80 520

John Deer - - - Somerfelt - - - 3 80 520

fVm. Hepbum - - Boyne - - - - 3 80 520

Walter Robbins- - Rujffell - - - - 3 80 510

Thomas Murray m Cornwall - - - 3 80 520

Pat. Drew - - - Chichejkr - - - 3 80 520

Daniel Slater - Humber - - 3 80 520

John Lamie - Ranelagh - 3 80 5*°

John Gifford - - Humber - - - 3 80 52°

Alexander Tttach - Devonshire - - - 3 80 520

Nath. Taubman - Cornwall - - 3 80 520

Jerem. Fawkes - - Norfolk? - - - 3 80 500

John Kerr - - - Dorsetshire - - 3 80 500

Hugh Loyd - - - Norfolk - - - 3 80 50°

Thomas Williams - Royal Oake - - 3 80 5°°

Richard Stone - - Lancaster - 3 80 500

Vincent Bradstone - Northumberland - 3 70 440

John

11° Man.

Regulating Land forces.

Lands taken

for Ports-moQth fortifications.

Naval

Chaplains.

<S28 i\° Maii. ^.1714.

V)

Chaplains Names. lViggei! Ships thtv have served in a: C 0 3 W- O

John Jordan - - Yarmouth - - - 3 70

Richard Colliere Bedford - - - 3 7°

Franci* Pe Elizabeth - 3 7°

James Auch - Grafton - - - 3 70

David Clephane Grafton - 3 70

John Roberts - - Revenge - - 3 7°

Rice Williams - - Edgar - - - - 3 7°

James Baily - - Essex - - - - 3 7°

Thomas Melville - Stirling Castle 3 7°

Joseph Smith - Essex - - - - 3 70

John Harris - - Bredah - 3 70

Wm. Russell - - Captaine - - 3 70

Samuel Wood - - Rejioration - - 3 70

Thomas Smart - - Expedition - - 3 70

Nath. Bickford Hampton Court - 3 70

David Duncan - Monmouth - - 3 66

George Thomas Defyance - - - 3 66

Stephen Roll - - Monmouth - - 3 66

Robert Barron - - Assurance - 3 66

Cha. llalway - - Swiftfure - - - 3 66

Anderson - - IVavfpighl - - - 3 66

Charles Li- Mary - 4 60

John Ou'Jly - - - I Rupert - - - - 3 60

John Dojfie- - - Dunkirke 4 60

Roger Proffer - - Kingstone - - - 4 60

John Smet on - - Canterbury - - 4 60

Wm.Gordon - - Rippon - - - - 4 60

Alexander Chambers Mountague - - 4 60

Nicholas Mc Bui man August - - - - 4 60

Wm. Dormer - Windsor - - - 4 60

Roger Lewis - - Yorke - - - 4 60

George Bennett - - Medway - 4 60

Richard Idle - - Sunderland - - 4 60

Ja.Crawford - Lyon - - - 4 60

George Cumings Exeter - - - 4 60

James Cooper - - Plymouth - - - 4 60

W171. Stockton - - Kingstone' - - - 4 60

Edward Mathews - Monck - - - - 4 Go

John Cooper - - Sunderland - - 4 60

Fra. De R Moor - - - - 4 60

Lightburn Read Dartmouth - - 4 54

Thomas Sa - - Colchester - - - 4 54

Richard Parke - - Romney - 4 54

Steadman - Southampton - - 4 54

Roderick Anthelope - - - 4 54

Hake Pembroke - - 4 54

Alexander Garden Warwick - - - 4 54

Wm. Cor diner - - Anglesea - - - 4 54

Wm. Adams - - Panther - - - 4 54

Robert Jenny - - Burlington - - 4 54

Chris. Bridge - - C/^<r - - - 4 54

Charles Ball - - Hampshire - - 4 54

,/e/i/i Burrell - - Chatham - 4 54

Alexander Duncan Anglesea - 4 54

Andrew Boyd - - Winchester - - 4 54

Jliomas Pope - - Centurion - - - 4 54

Wm.Owen - - Salisbury - - - 4 54

Samuel Beresford - Guernsey - 4 54

R ichardLedgingham Swallow - - - 4 54

John Fetherstone - Tilbury - - 4 54

Win. King - - - Deptford - - - 4 54

Geo. Erskine - - Rochester - 4 54

Wm.Evans - - - Tilbury - 4 54

Peter Dunca- Hampshire - - - 4 54

Thomas Harcorne - Jersey - - - - 4 54

John Hargrave Referee - - - 4 54

A lex a nder Da Nonvich - - - 4 54

James Struc Crowne - 4 54

Edward Roberts - IForce/ier - - - 4 54

N° of Men. Chaplains Names. Bipgeft Ships they have served in I. s X N® of Guns N® of M*n,

440 John Bethune - Swaltozo - - 4 54 280

440 Robert Macknoe - Rochester - - - 4 54 28a

440 Robert T/tom/jun - Severne - - 4 54 280

440 Henry Gerrard - Dragon - - - 4 54 280

44° David M - Lilchfeild - - - 4 54 280

440 Janies Farguarfon - Severne - - - 4 54 280

440 John James - Woolwich - - - 4 54 280

440 John Parr - - - Centurion - - - 4 54 2S0

440 Jonatli. Evans - - Falkland - - - 4 54 280

440 Wm. Furgafon - - Newcastle - - - 4 54 280

44° Francis Iluardiner Coventry - - - 4 54 280

440 Thomas Evans - - Dover - - 4 54 250

440 1 Henry Rankle - - Tilbury- - - - 4 54 280

440 i Jonatli. Darley - - Dover - 4 50 250

440 \ Will. Baird - Tyger - - 4 48 230

400 John Bradfeild - - PortJ'moulh - 5 40 190

400 liirkett - - - Royal Ann Galley 5 4» 190

400 Edioard Gardiner - So phi re - - - 5 40 >9°

400 Giles Rains ford - lleclor - - - - 5 40 190

400 William Somers - Looc - - 5 40 190

400 John Trepfack - - Charles Galley - 5 40 190

365 Jojh. Harrison - - Adventure - - - 5 40 190

365 James PeleiJon - Roebuck - 5 40 190

365 Januffone - Mary Galley - 5 40 190

365 Francis Phillips - Sorlings - - - .5 40 190

365 Richard Edwards - Siceepjlakes - 5 40 190

365 John Skipp - - - Folkstone - - 5 40 19°

365 John Donaldson - Greyhound - 5 4o *9°

365 David Lewis - Larke - - - - 5 40 190

365 John Pope - - - Lwoe - - 5 40 >9°

365 Robert Cocking - Pearle - - 5 40 190

365 Henry Crisp - Royal Ann Galley 5 4o 190

365 Evan Jones - - - Launceston - - - 5 4o 190

365 Thomas Short land - Roebuck - - 5 40 190

365 Robert Walker - - Winchelsea m 5 36 *55

365 John Rice - - - Dolphin - - - 5 36 155

365 John Gwin - - - Feversham - - - 5 36 155

365 John Hump - Shoreham - - - 5 32 *45

365 Wm. Curtis - Sheerness - - - 5 32 M5

320 Thomas Allen - . Scarborough - - 5 3* x45

280 Brian Hunt - Lowejloff - - - 5 32 M5

280 John Accourt - - Experiment - 5 32 i45

280 John Saunders - - Sheerness - - - 5 32 ‘45

280 1 Win. Rogers - Strombolo - - - 5 28 125

280 Wm.Du Guard Bland ford - - - 6 20 *15

280 Thomas Richardson Gibraltar - - - 6 20 11.5

280 Thomas Sanderfun Hind - - 6 20 *«5

280 Wm.Gray - - - Flamborough - - 6 24 115

280 Roger Woodcock Gtafcow - - - 6 34 "5

280 Thomas Eynon - - Lyzard - - - 6 24 Il5

280 Benj.Hawjhaw - Queenborough - - 6 24 lt5

280 Underhill - Deal Castle - 6 z4 ll5

280 John Lambton - - Phwnix - - 6 24 *i5

280 Samuel Burnett - Sea Horse - - 6 20

280 Wm. Whetwhom - Success - - 6 20 i*5

c8o Geo. Phillips - Valeur - - 6 24 115

280 Samuel Hilliard - Penzance - m 6 24 *5

280 John Whetherell - Phoenix - - - 6 24 ll5

280 Charles Williams - Valeur - - 6 24 1 *5

280 Thomas Stephens - Monck Prize - - 6 16 9°

280 Framingham Rice - Drake Sloop - - 6 *4 85

280 Robert Barrow - - Swift Sloop - 6 12 80

280 Thomas Dockwra - Margate - - - 6 >4 70

280 John Farguar - Seaford’s Prize - 6 12 70

280 John Eveleigh - - Delight - - - 6 »4 7°

280 John Nicholls - - , Shoreham Prize - 6 12 70

280 ! Edward Rice - - Swann - - 6 12 60

280 280 Benj.Clements - - 1 Lively - - m 6 12 1 60

ABSTRACT

4

Earl of

Ranelagh'i

Lilate.

13 Anni. i i° — ri.0 Mail.

ABSTRACT.

Rate* Number. Halfrpajr of each* Yeaclv Stun.

£ s. d: £ 9. d.

ift - - - 3 9<y 7 — 271* 1 —

id - - - II ‘ 79 7 n 873 r r

3 of SoGrnis, 16 62 3 5 9ff4 1*4 8

70 - - 16 5 4 ro- 4 840 5 4

66 - - 49 2 X I 294 17 6-

4 60 - - rff 45 12 4 821 2 —

54 - - 42- 36 or 1 r; r,5.i8 7! 6

50 - - 2 32 16 ir 05 ra ro

48- - - I 30 12 11 3° 12 11

5 4o - -: iff 26 7 IT 5or ro 5

3fi - - 3 22 12 7 67 >7 9

32 - - 7- ,21 9 2 150- 4: 2

28 - - r 19 12 4 r9 12 4

6 44 - - 24 l8 28 435 4

In all £. ' 6,884 4 6

May be employed in the Ships for

I 0 , OC >0 Men in tim e of Peace.

Rate. Number. m a 3 i

; 0

1 Half- pay-

S £ s. d.

( 60 - 4 - - i8z 9 4

4 14,) 54 - - 6 - - 1 2l6 17 6

( 5° - . 4 - - 131 7 8

0 { 40 - - ? - - 184 15 5

5 iS J 36 - 1 - - IS* 8. 1

f 3,i - - 4 - ' 84 l6 a

6 ,24 1 - iS - - 3,26 8 —

I zo - - 10 - - 1 214 11 8

Guardffiips 8, 60 Men each 201 3 4

Another - - - 26 7 11

1 1,728 5 7

6,884 5 6

Half-pay - £. 5. >55 19, 1 I

Memorandum: It is not known at this Office which of the Chaplains mentioned in the aforegoing Lift have Benefices, or Ecclesiastical Preferments, at Home, or in the Plantations; but, if it shall be thought fit to allow them Half-pay during their being unemployed, the principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy will, before they pay the feme to them, require an Oath, as from other Officers, That, during the time the Half-pay shall be due to them, they had not the Benefitof any Employment, either here or elsewhere.

J. Leake, , William Drake, Geo. Beaumont.

Ordered, That the said Lift and Estimate be referred to the said select Committee: And that they doconsider thereof; and report the Matter, with their Opinion thereon, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Gould, Mr. Rudge, Sir Bourchier Wrey, Mr. Greville, Mr. Leig, Mr. Packer, S-ir

Chichester, Sir Wm.St. Quintin be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of the Estate of Richard Earl of Ranelagh, deceased, at Chelsea and Crunborn, in the Counties of Middlesex and Berks, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 17.

Mercuric L3* Mail 5

Anno, 13* Anne Begin®* 1714.

PrAjWBRjS.

ABIL L to ex^tloin* and makenroreeffectaaLan itching made in the 16th and 17th Years of the Reign of Nav‘gatlon-King Charles Hd*. intituled, An Act for making; divers River^navigabln, orotjherwife paffatAe^by Boats, Barges, andt other Vessels, as, far as the same relates to the River.

Itchin, alias Itching, was read a Secpnd time,.

Resolvesds That the Bill be committed, to Mir;. Attorney General, Mr- Lauds, Mr. Middleton,. Mr. Bertie, Sin Wm. Whitlocke*, Mr. Jennings, Mr., Karri*, Colonel,

Fleming, Mr. Carew,. Mr. Cokmore, Sir Wm. Barker,

Mr. Nicholas,. Mr. Holmes, Mr. Mr. Quick,

Mr..dtya/k, Mr.^/ayA?w, Mr. JWWrfwqy; and all thatferva foe the Counties ’of Southampton and Wilts: Audi they are to meet, this? Afternqon; at Five a. Clock, in tile-speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That, Leave be given tD bring in a Bill for Preserving preferring, all, such, Ships and Goods, which shall happen Shipwreck*. to>be forced, on Shore, or stranded*. upon, the Coeds of this Kingdom* or any other of her Majesty’s Dominions;

And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,.

Mr. Cotfioorth, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Annesley, on<iSir Henry,

Banbury, do prepare^ and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for repairing and amending the Highways Southwark from the Stones End, in, the Borough of SouUuoark, to to Kingston Croyden, Sutton, and Kingjbm, in, the County of K°acts-

was- read a Second time.

- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hart,.

Mr. Nicholas, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Onflozo, Mr. Norland, Mr. Evdyn, Sir Thoi Crofe, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Edwards, Mr.

Captain Burgh, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Nor they, Nlr. Attorney General^ Sir Wm. Lewen, Sir WmWithers, Sir Peter

Kitig, General Roje, Colonel Grant, Mr. Burridge, Sir Richard Hoare, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Wogan, Mr. Quick,

Captain Littleton, Mr. Smith, Sic Tho. Powell, Sir Pyn-

sent Charnock, Mr. Lade, Mr. Tench, Mr. r.

B ulteel, Mr. Carew, Sir Wm. Whitlocke, Mr. Aldworth,

Mr. Budge, Sir James Bateman, Mr. Bofcawen, Sir Jof,

Jekyll, Mr. Nicholls, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Snell, Mr. Law,-Jon, Mr. CtxJ'av, Mr. Collier, Mr. Moor, Mr. ton, Sir Robert Davers, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Carter, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Mr. Clarke,

Mr. Campion, Sir Robert FiwneJJk, Mr. , Mr. Bayb'e, Mr. Monro, Mr. GouljUm, Mr.

Mr. Compton, Dr. Pajke, Mr Finch, Mr., , Mr.

Shippen, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Mr, Cotton,

Captain Chapman, Mr. Thomson-, and all that serve for the Counties of Kent, Syffe.s, and Middlesex,'. And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Leave to fit in a Morning, if they think fit.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Cray- Ditto. don and Mitcham, in the County of Snrzy, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Roads leading to Croyden, Sutton, and King flan, are in good Repair, except the Parish of ;which, by

the Negligence of the Surveyors, One of whom has held that Office for 14 Years, and took the foie Management thereof himself; and ’tis believed that PaFt of the Mo* nies raised for repairing the fame, hath been misappljed, and the Parish of Lambeth often indicted, but to no Effect; by which the said Roads are become ruinous 1 but, if the said Parish of Lambeth did their Statute-work, the said Road might be well amended, and kept in good Repair: And praying to be beard against thf Bill for repairing and amending the Highways from the Stones End, in the Borough of Southwark, to Croydon, Sutton, and Kingston.

7 X Ordered,

i a° Maii. A. 1714.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Highways from the Stones End, in the Borough of Southwarto and

Kingston, in the County of Surry, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

Southwark A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Grand to Kingston Jury, met at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for R°ad». the County of Surry, at on ThurJ'day the 8th

Day o {April, Anno Domini 1714; and other Gentle-

men, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the said County; was presented to the House, and read, setting forth, That the Petitioners finding a Bill is to be brought in, for erecting a Turnpike on Vauxhall Road, leading to Bris-tow causeway; and the Petitioners being satisfied, that the said Roads may be sufficiently repaired, by the due Execution of the Laws already made, without this extraordinary and burthensome Means now attempted, by some particular Persons, for their own Interest and Conveniency: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Bill do pass; having, by Experience, found the Two Turnpikes, already erected in

lane and Horsehills, in the said County, have proved chargeable to the Subject, and ineffectual towards the Repairs of the said Roads, though they have been erected above Sixteen Years.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Highways from the Stones End, in the Borough of Southwark, to Croydon, Sutton, and Kingstone, in the County of Surry, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

Alienr A Petition of several Merchants, as well Freemen of Good*. London, and Denizens, as other naturalized Foreigners, in behalf of themselves. and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the Bill for the better preventing the Covering Aliens Goods imported into this Kingdom, every Merchant shall be obliged to subscribe One of his Bills of every Entry of Goods; and shall likewise, by himself. Agent or Servant, make Oath, That the Goods therein mentioned do truly belong to, or are imported on Account of, some of her Majesty’s Subjects; and that the fame, nor any Part thereof, doth not belong to, or are imported on account of, any Alien, to his or their Knowledge; and, in case of Refusal, the Goods shall be deemed Aliens Goods, and pay accordingly: And, should the said Bill pass, it would obstruct the general Trade of this Realm; as well Natives, as Foreigners, would lie under Incapacities of trading, either in Ships or Cargoes, one with another: What is more grievous, the British Merchant being obliged to trade with none unknown to him, or to lie under the fatal Ne-celfity of being perjured, in case he takes the intended Oath; or his Correspondent, whether Alien, or Native, shall be liable to have his Goods deemed Aliens Goods without regard, inCafethe Persons so entering the Goods shall have Conscience to fear an Oath: That the Laws hath already provided against the real Mischiefs, set forth in the Bill, to the Forfeiture of the Goods on the Breakers thereof: And praying the said Bill may not pass; and to be heard, by Counsel, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing the Covering of Aliens Goods imported, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the Committee thereupon, if they think fit.

Supply Bill; Mr. Conyers presented to the House, according to Malt Dune*. Order, a Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1714: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in Bristol P*r. the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty,

King Wm. III. intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Earl,

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Edwards, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr.

Compton, Mr. Chancell or of the Exchequer, Mr. Rowney,

Mr. North, Mr. Aijlabie, Sir Jof. Jekyll, Mr. Attorney

General, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Shackerley,

Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. WilJ’on, Mr. Cotesworth, Mr.

Wren, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Bertie, Sir Robert Dovers,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Medlycott, Colonel Grahm, Mr

Mr. PapiUon, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Hart,

Lord Wm. Pozvletl, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Comptroller, Sir TI10. Clarges, Mr. Foley, Mr. Sir

Onslow, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Secretary Bromley, Mr.

Lowndes, Sir Richard Howe, Mr. Pytts, Sir 77 Powell,

Mr. Holmes, Mr. Chapman, Mr. Collier, Mr. Blackmore,

Mr. Newdigale-, and all that serve for the Counties of

Somerset, Gloucester, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Leave to fit in a Morning, if they think fit.

Ordered That the Petitions which have been presented to the House, relating to the said Bill, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they take an Account of all the Monies that have been raised, by virtue of the former Act; and of all the Benefactions since given, upon Account of the Poor; and what Debts are now owing, and to whom.

Ordered, That the Committee do not proceed upon the said Bill, until the same be first printed, as is usual.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Insolvent the Relief of poor insolvent Debtors, is committed, have Debtor* Leave to fit in a Morning, if they think fit: And that Sir Pynfent Charnock, Mr. Wyld, Mr Mr.

pillon, Captain Chapman, Mr. Wallis, Sir Edward Turner, Mr, Swift, Mr. Chaffin, Mr. Hedworth, Mr.

Bertie, and Sir Edward Williams, be added to the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Woollen 10th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Manufa<3u» regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hutchinson. Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Wrightson,

Sir Richard Onjlozo, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Wyld, Mr.

Bristow, Lord Wm. Powlett, Sir W,m. St. Mr.

Annejley, Mr. Northey, Mr. Earl, Mr. Newport, Mr.

Newland, Mr. Aldworlh, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Arth. Kay, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Cholmondley,

Mr. Powlett, Mr. Onslow, Sir Edward Tumor, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Bromley, Sir Richard Howe, Mr. Hide,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. North, Sir Tho. Croffie, Mr. Bulteel,

Mr. Edwards, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Holmes: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber:

And have Leave to fit in a Morning.

A Petition of the Clothiers of the Borough and Parish Ditto, of Wefbury, and Parish of Warminster, and Places adjacent, in the County of Wilts, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands employed in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting

forth.

13 Ann. i a" — 130 Mali.

forth, That it would be very beneficial to the said Manufacture, if the Act of the Tenth of her Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloth, were made more effectual; and a Bill, now depending, to explain and amend it: And praying to be heard by themselves, or Counsel before the same do paPs.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to-explain and amend an Act, passed in the 10th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-Cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; is committed; And that the Petitioners be heard before the said Committee thereupon, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for Preventing the fixing to Cloths and Stuffs false and counterfeit Marks, distinguishing the Makers.

Supply. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That Mr. Eden, Mr. Swift, Sir Edward £arj uf Williams, Mr Roll, Mr. Millington, Mr. Clayton, Sir Ranelagh's Edward Knatchbull, be added to the Committee, to whom Estate, &c. the Bill for Sale of the Estate late of Richard Earl of Ranelagh, deceased, at Chelsea and Cranborn, in the Counties of Middlesex and Berks, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, N ine of the Clock.

Jovis> 130 die Maii;

Anno 13* Annas Reginas, 1714.

Prayers.

A MESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Wy»ne’s enabling Richard Wynn Esquire, and Sarah his Wife, Estate and John Barrington Esquire, to make Partition of the Manor of Cottingham, alias CottinSarum, in the County of York-. To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. have Leave to

p . make a Motion.

Growth of And he moved accordingly, that the 8th, 9th, 10th, Schism. and 1 ith Sections, of the Statute, of the 13th and 14th Year of King Charles Ild, intituled, An Act for the Uniformity of ptiblick Prayers, and Administration of Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies for establishing the Form of making, ordaining, and consecrating, Bishops, Priests, and Deacons, in the Church of England, might be read:

And the same were accordingly read:

And a Motion being made. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Growth of Schism and for the further Security of the Church of England, as by Law established;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, before the Word " Schism," the Words " Popery and:"

And the Question being put. That those Words be inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller. for theYeas^gf- }

Tellers for the Noes cfLmUUy: }

66.

124.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Growth of Schism; and for the further Security of the Church of Eas by Law established:

And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. -mondeley, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Mr. Cam-

pion, Lord Down, Mr. Finch, Mr. Gore, Mr. Secretary Bromley, Mr. Windsor, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Dr. Pajke, and Mr. Aldworth, do prepare and bring in, the fttme.

Strafford’* Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

Instru&ioB*. her Majesty, That Ihe will be pleased to give Directions, That a Copy of the Instructions given to the Earl of Strafford, with relation to the Declaration made by him, on the Part of her Majesty, to the Ministers of the le-veral Allies, who had any Troops in her Majesty’s Pay before the Cessation of Arms, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Commitue*. Ordered, That all Committees which were to meet this Evening be adjourned.

Vol. 1

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Wise'* Debt resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon to the Crown, the Bill to empower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with and his

Sureties, for the Debts which he owes her Majesty, or Hands bound for, as Surety for Customs on Tobacco.

An ingrossed Bill for the repairing and amending the Talk, Ac. Highways between the Town or Village of Tittenfor and Roads, the most Northern Part of Talk on the in Butt-lane in the County of Stafford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittenfor and the most Northern Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Burfem do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Curzon reported to the House, That he was di- Trent

rested by the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Navigation, more effectual an Act, of the 10th and nth Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicef-ter, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, is committed, to move. That they may have Power to receive a Clause for naming other Commissioners for executing the said Act, in the room of such Commissioners, named in the former Act, who are dead, or removed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause for naming other Commissioners for executing the said Act, in the room of such Commissioners, named in the former Act, who are dead or removed.

A Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1714, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

j Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning;

resolve

*> — 14° Man. *714.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Orders of the Day being read y Regulating The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Land Forces, whole House, to consider further of the Bill lor the better regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chapman took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chapman reported from the Committee, That they had gone through -the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be received upon day Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lovebond, and Mr. Halford:

Mr. Speaker,.

1 'unstable ’File Lords have agreed to the BUI, intituled, An Act Roads. for making more effectual an Act for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockley, in the County Of Bedford, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Aliens Resolved, That this House will, utpou thin Day Fdrt-

Goods- night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing the Covering of Aliens Goods imported: And that the Petitioners against the Bill be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, if they think fit.

PaterlWs Ordered, That the Bill for relieving Wnt.

Claims. Esquire, out of the Equivalent-money, for what is due to nim, be now read a Second time.

The Bill was accordingly read a Second time, Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a CdmuMt-tee of the whole House.

Refobed, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Dagenham The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Breach. whole House, to consider of feme effectual Means for repairing the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex; and for preferring the Navigation of the River of Thames.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bertie took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Bertie reported front the Committee, That they bad considered the Matters to them referred; and had catae to several Refofutions which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme,

Ordered, That the Report be received Td-mdrrow

Morning.

✓Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Insolvent Ordered, That Mr. Bertie, Mr. Pitt, Mr. North, Mr. Debtors. Vernon, Mr. Harris, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Clayton, Mr, Lyfier, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of poor insolvent Debtors, it committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Penerts, 14* die. M;

Anno if Annas fteginae, 1714.

Pit A* It'S.

AN ingrafted Bill for the effectual preventing, the Fish caught Importation into- England, , and Town of by Foreign-

Berwick, any fresh Fish caught by Foreigners, was read er». the Third time:

And a Motion Being made* and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the House, That Answer to their Address having been presented to her Majesty,« Address.

That five would be pleasedto giveDireftione, That there might Be laid before this House a Copy of the Inftrac-tions given to the Earl of Strafford, with relation totha Declaration made by him, on the Part of her Majesty* to the Ministers of the several Allies who had any Troops in her Majesty’s Pay before the Cessation of Arms, her Majesty had been pleased to give Orders accordingly.

A Petition of George Hnxley, One of the Proprietors Itching of the River' lickin', alias itching, in the County of NaviSation: Southampton, on behalf of himself and Richard Soame, and Mary Soame, Infants, under the Age of One-and twenty Years, for whom he is aTrustee, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, if the Bill fop explaining, and making effectual, an Act of the 16th and 17th of King Charles the Second, in relation to making divers Rivers navrgable, or passable, for Boats,

Barges, and other Vessels, should pass, it would not only defeat the Petitioners of Right, but utterly destroy the said Navigation: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, what they object to in the said Bill,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the; Bill to explain, and make more effectual, an Act, made in the 16th and 17th'

Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise passable, for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, as far as the fame relates to the River Itchin, alias Itching, is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard before the Committee thereupon, by his Counsel, if he think fit.

An ingrossedBil! from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bangor, Ac. for taking away Mortuaries within the Diocess of Mortuaries. Bangor, Landaff, Sf.Davids, and SAfaph‘, and giving

a Recompence therefor to the Bishops of the said respective Diocess; and for confirming several Letters Patents granted by her Majesty for perpetually annexing a Prebend of Gbucefier to the Mastership of Pembroke College in Oxford, and a Prebend of Rochester, to the Provostship of Oriel College, irt Oxford, and a Prebend of Norwich to the M after fh ip of Catharine-hall in Cambridge j was re ad the First time:

And Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the House,

That the Mortuaries taken upon the Death of every Clergyman in the Dioceses of Bangor, Landaff, St. Davids, and St. Asaph, having been represented to her Majesty as a great Grievance to the Clergy of those Dioceses; and a Recompence having been promised to be given to the Bishops, ih lieu thereof, to her Majesty’s Satisfactiob; her Majesty had been pleased to give her Content to the bringing In a Bill into Parliament for taking away the said Mortuaries, and giving the Re-compenoe desired to the Bishops of the said Dioceses respectively.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Trevanion reported from the Committee, to whitfaud whom the Petition of Henry Jones Esquire was referred, Bay Harbour, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which Report, and Re-felutioQs, he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered

25

H

Mail

<533

13 Ann.

in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

That the Petitioner, in order to make good the Allegations of his Petition, called, as Witnesses.

Mr. Ralph Mitchell: Who said, He was sent, some Years past, by Order of the Trinity-house, to view the Edifion, and had other Instructions to make a View of Whitfand Bay, and the Place proposed by the Petitioner for a Light-house; and has twice re-fnrveyed the fame; and fays. That the Foundation of the Light-house will be at least 80 Fathom above High-water-mark, and may be seen at least Seven Leagues at Sea, even off St. Ives in the North, and the Lizzard in the South; and will be of great Use for directing Sailors to distinguish the North and South Chanels, and to prevent Ships being cast away on those Coasts:

That the Rock Cowloe is 15 Acres, at least; and the Harbour, when made, 33 Acres, or more; the Depth at Low-water Four Fathom, and at High Seven: And that it washisOpinion the said Places are capableof making the most convenient Harbour and Light-house in Great Britain, being at the Lands End, the In and Outlet of the Nation, and opposite to Brejl: That there hath been, and still continues to be, more LolTes at and nigh that Place, tlran in all the Coasts of Great Britain besides.

Mr. William Clapp said, He had been upon Coioloe Rock, and had viewed the Place proposed for the Harbour in Whitfand Bay j and, according to his Judgment, he believes the making a Light-house and Harbour there very practicable, there being vast Quantities of large loose Moor-stones, fit for flopping up the said Gap; and that the Gap intended to be stopped was on Spring-tides dry, that People walked over to Cowloe Rock; and, for want of such an Harbour and Light-house, there have been considerable Losses by Wrrecks and Privateers, and may be more in time of War.

Mr. Chrifopher Davis said, He had been upon the said Cowloe Rock, and also measured the Depth of the Water, which he found to be more than Four Fathom at Low-water in the proposed Harbour; and thereby confirms Mr. Ralph Mitchell's Evidence.

And further, the Petitioner produced the Hands of the eminent Merchants and Commanders of Ships of London, Exon, Topham, DLooe,

Foy, Penzance, Gentlemen living nigh the Land’s End,

St. Ives, Barnfable, BiddifoBridgwater,

Trinity-house of Hull, and Ports adjacent, to prove it was their Opinions, That an Harbour in Whitfand Bay would be of Advantage to Great Britain, and greatly encourage Trade and Navigation.

That it appearing to this Committee, That the said Whitfand Bay, for want of a Harbour there, was fer-viceable to our Enemies during the late War;

And also that a great many Ships of this Kingdom, loft and taken by the Enemy during the late War, would have been sheltered and protected in Whitfand Bay, had there been an Harbour there;

And that the making such Harbour, and the erecting such Light-house, will be undertaken for «£. 30,000.

And that the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Harbour to be made in Whitfand Bay, near the Lands End, in Cornwall, will be of great Benefit for the Preservation of Shipping, and a publick Advantage to this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Two Lights at PordeNack Point, near the Land's

End, will be of great Use to direct Sailors to distinguish the North and South Chanels, and to prevent Ships being cast away upon those Coasts.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Trevanion, Mr. Bofcaiuen, Vot. 17.

Mr. Bulled, Sir Wm.Pendarvis, Mr. Collier, Mr. Quick,

and Mr. Slater, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wm. Gore Esquire, being elected a Burgess to serve in cricklad this present Parliament for the Borough of Cricklad, in Writ,

the County of Wilts; and also for the Borough of chefer, in the County of EJfe.r; made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Colchester.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklad, in the room of the said Mr. Gore.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Supply Bill; into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Walt Discharging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1714;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for transferring to the Register, which is to be kept in the Exchequer pursuant to that Bill, the Loans remaining unsatisfted on the Regifte? for the Malt Act, which granted that Duty from the 23d Day of 1712 to

the 24th Day of June 1713, to be paid, with the Interest thereof, out of the Monies to arise by the said Bill.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, and Lottery Tickets, which have been loft, burnt, or destroyed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Encouragement of Tillage; and promoting the Consumption of malted Corn.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments to it; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thurs day Morning next.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Dagenham Committee of the whole House, who were to consider Breach, of some effectual Means for repairing the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex-, and for preserving the Navigation of the River of Thames-, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow;

1 ft, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards repairing the Breach in the Levels of Havering wnd Dagenham, in the County of Essex-, and for preserving the Navigation of the River a Duty

for every Voyage be laid upon the Burthen of all Ships or Vessels arriving in the Port of London, except Colliers and Coaflers; to be paid by the Master, and allowed by the Merchants or Freighters of all such Ships of Vessels.

2d, Resolved, That it is the*Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be Three Pence per Ton upon the Burthen of the said Ships or Vessels.

3d, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty be laid upon all Coasting Ships or Vessels, except Colliers, and Fishing Vessels, arriving in the said Port of London.

4th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thi# Committee, That the said Duty be 3 s. per Voyage upon every such Coasting Ship or Vessel,

5th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty be laid upon all Coals and Culm imported into (he Port of London.

7 Y 6th,

634

6th» Refdvcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be Two Pence perChakler.

7th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said several Duties be granted for t'he Term of Ten Years.

The ill, 2d, 3d, 4th, and 5th, Resolutions, being fe-veraHy read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. The<6th Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving ont the Words '‘Two Pence

And the Question being put. That the Words " Two " Pence" Hand Part of the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

} 9»-

Xc-UotB fortke N<*,[5£; . j <"».

So it pafifed in the Negative.

‘Resolved, That the Words " One peny " be inserted, instead thereof.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended. That the . said Duty be One Peny Chalder.

The 7th Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Conyers, Mr Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Ward, Sir JVm. Mr. Lock-

wood, Sir Cha. Barrington, Sir Richard Child, and Mr. Bracebridge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they make Provision, in the Bill, for the better ascertaining the Measur of Coals imported into the Port of London.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Duty on Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Lawn*, Can- Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole va«, &c. House, upon the Bill to explain a Clause in an Act of Parliament, of the ioth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and striped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens,-and Stuffs, printed, painted, ordained,; and upon ifeveral Kinds ofiftampt Yiellom, Parchment, and Paper.; and upon certain Pamphlets and Adveitifement6.; 'for raffing ithe Sum of Eighteen hundred <thousand Pounds, by way «f a Lottery; and for other Puipqfee in the said Act mentioned; so far as the same relates to Lawns, Canvas, Buckrams, Bar-ras, and Sil^fia Neckcloths.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-and Means, jbght, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole -House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing the Sqpply granted to her Majesty.

Wife’s Debt Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow *Seven-10 the Crown, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, upon the Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the tCommilSonete of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Robert Wife, and his Sureties, for the Debts -which he owes her Majesty, or-hands hound for, as Surety for Customs on Tobacco.

sbrewfbury Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Election. Electi?ns do proceed yto bear and determine-the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Shreu'Jhury, notwithstanding any Adjournment afitbe House.

'Committees. Ordered, That all -ConamiU>ees:appointed to *nteet this Evening do fit, notbwithstanding any Adjournment of this House.

1714.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Tuef- Call of the day next come Fortnight; and that such Members as House. shall not then at4end be font for in Custody of the Serjeant at. Arms attending -this Hoofe.

Ordered, That Mr. Low/her. Sir Tho. Mr. *>w>r*

Southwell, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Hei/Jkant, Mr. Morgan, Mr.

Wiyhn, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act. passed in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reigt of his late Majesty King Wm. the Hid. intituled, An Act for erect ingot Hospitals and Worh-houses within the City of B Cm* the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, is committed.

And then the House adjourned until Tharfday Morning «e*t, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis> *20° die Man;

Anno is® Annse Regtnee, 1714.

Fraziers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Kirchoff’s for naturalizing 'Chrifian William was Nat.

read the Find time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act TregagU’* for Sale of the Estate of John Tregagle Esquire, deceased, Estate.

lying in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, for Payment ef Debts, and making Provision for his Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gwyn,

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Etterick, Mr. Quick, Mr.

Moore, Mr. Medlycot, Sir Edmund Mr. Bulled, Mr. Eden, Mr. Ccefar, Mr. Captain

Chapman, Mr. Northmore, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir John Erf-kine, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Dyott, Mr Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Burgh, Mr. Burslem, Mr. , 'Mr.

Corfelles, Sir/few. Bitnbury, Mr. Orchard, Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Compton, Sir -Robert havers, 'Colonel Grahme, Sir Wm. Lcwen, Mr. Black-more, Mr. Trotman, Mr. Searle,

Mr. Newland, Mr. Robert Heysham, Mr. Wm. Jiey-sham, Mr. Shutttcioorth, Sir Tho. Johnson; and all that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And vhey are to meet‘this Afternoon at Five aClockinthe Speaker^ Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring m-a Bill for Drawback the Relief of'Che Exporters of Gold and Silver Thread, *n Gold Lace, and Fringe, Mullins, and Callicoes, in relationto Lace>

*he DraWbaoks for the same: And that Mr. Attorney exportc

General, Mr. London, Sir Wm. Mr.

and Mr. Loixwdes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That -the Report from the Committee of Privilcg*. Privileges and Elections, touching the Complaint df a Breachof-Privllegeeommitted against Edward Vaughan Esquire, a Member of this House, -be taken into Con-Jideration-upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Arthur Chichejfhr'have Leave to Leave of go into the Country for Siac Weeks, upon extraordinary Absenc*. Occasions.

Mr. Conyers, according to-Order, reported from the g

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Malt Dune*, charging,-and continuing,'IheDirties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, 'for the’Ser vice of the Year 1714, nvascoi»mitted,'she Amendments they had made to the . Bill, and drrested him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

and Amendments, in at the Oerk’s Table: 'Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a

Second

14* — 20® Mat:.

Regulating Laud Forces.

Paterson’*

Claims.

Ditto.

13 Ann. 20*- —

Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to enable the Bank, and other Persons, to lend Money on South Sea Stock:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And he moved accordingly.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Alien* lay before this House an Account of what the Aliens Duty. Duty amounted to, from Michaelmas One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-seven unto Michaelmas One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-eight, inclusive; and also from Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred and Twelve unto Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred and Thirteen, inclusive.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Earl of Sale of the Estate late of Rickard Earl of Ranelagh, deceased, at Chelsea and Cranborn, in the Gouuties of E te‘ Middlesex and Berks, is committed, have Leave to fit in a Morning, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Stealing the more effectual preventing, and punishing, the Steal- Cattle,

ing, or unlawful Killing, of Cattle, is committed, have Leave to fit in a Morning, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Sir Nicholas Hooper, Mr. Serjeant Itching Cumyns, Sir Peter King, Mr. Dockminique, be added Navigation, to the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, and make more effectual, an Act, made in the 16 and 17th Years of the Reign of King Charles the lid, intituled,

An Act for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise pastable, for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels; as far as the same relates to the River Jlchin, alias;

is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

The other Orders of the Day being read.

Mr. Chapman reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters; was committed; the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; -which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feveratly put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That Officers should not be liable to Suits for inflicting corporal Punishment on Soldiers beyond Sea:

And the feme was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, in relation to such Vouchers for the Payraafter General as are not according to the Course of the Exchequer:

But the same was not brought up to the Table. Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That fictitious Names upon Musters might be inquired into by the Justices of the Peace:

And the same was once read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for ! 38-

Teller^} 8l'

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for relieving IVm. Paterson Esquire, out of the Equivalent-money, for what is due to him.

A Petition of several of the Creditors on the Equivalent of Scotland, in behalf of themselves, and others, who are IrkewifeCreditors on the Equivalent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, should the Bill, now depending, for Relief offfm. Paterson Esquire, out of the Equivalent-money, pass, it would greatly prejudice the Petitiooers.and other Creditors thereon, being 1,500 in Number, and many of them in a very indigent Condition, who would thereby be defrauded of their just Ddbts; for Payment of which the Equivalent has been appropriated by the Articles of Union; and the Petitioners are assured Mr. Patafo Claims aregrouudless in Law or Equity: And praying to be l\eard, by Counsel, ‘before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fiferation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for relieving Wm.Paterson Esquire, out of the Equivalent-money, for what is due to him, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward have Leave to make a Motion; it being after One of the Clock.

VOL. 17.

Veneris, 21* die M#ii;

Anno 13* Ann® Reginas, 1714.

Praters.

A BILL for the more effectual preventing the Run- Running ning of Brandy, was read a Second time. Brandy.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the House, 7hat Arrears due the States General having sent a Letter to her Majesty, to Dutch upon their Demand of the Arrears due to the ,13 Dutch Reeiments* Regiments, which have formerly fervqd -the Crown of England, {he had commanded him to lay a Copy thereof before this House; which he did accordingly; and a Translation thereof:

And the Title thereof was read.

The Translation i? as follows; viz.

Madam,

SO loDg as the Thirteen Regiments of our Troops, that have formerly served the Crown of England, have not reooived what remains due to them, for the Service they have done, with all possible Zed and 'Fidelity; we ace indtfpenfcbiy obliged, though to our great Grief, to trouble again your Majesty thereupon: The Persons interested, who are in great Number, bring us daily Complaints about tire Length of the Delay that ruins them more aodmoce: Nevertheless, they, as well as we, rely on your Majesty’s Goodness, and renowned Justice; the rather, because the Debt is not questioned, but owned and settled; -and the Payment is only wanting to be made, end a Fund to be settled for answering the fame.

Your Majesty formerly comforted us with -the agreeable Assurances, that you would please to take care of it; and recommend to your Parliament the Payment of this Debt: In hopes that the same may have its Effect during this Session, those that are concerned fend again to

England

636 'll* Mali. 1714.

England their Attorney, John to take care

of this Affair.

We most humbly pray your Majesty to give such Orders, that lie may not return with empty Hands; but that, at last, those concerned, after 16 Years Patience, which cost many of them very dear, may receive the Satisfaction they have so long expected. We shall ever acknowledge the fame: And so we pray God,

Madam,

To make your Majesty’s Reign prosperous: and to blefcyour Royal Periou with Health, and along Life.

Your Majesty’s very humble Servants, Hague,9th Apr. The States General of the Provinces

1714. of the Low Countries.

P. J. Van Steenhuijfcn. By Order of the said States,

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Weymouth, Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of &c.Elections. Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of JVeymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the County . of Dorset; and for the Borough of in the County of Salop; be received upon Morning

next.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner have Leave to Absence. gQ into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Hotham have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Dagenham Sir Wm. Whitlocke presented to the House, according Breach. . Order, a Bill for the speedy and effectual preserving the Navigation of the River of Thames; for flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and in the County of Essex: And the same was received j and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Hele’s Mr. Bulled reported from the Committee, to whom Eftaie. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor, and Bartou of Widdicombe, in the County of Devon, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Walter Hele, Gentleman, and Philippe his Wife; and for raising and securing the Sum of £. 1,500 for the Benefit of the Children of the said Walter and;

was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Wynn’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for enabling Richard Wynn, Esquire, and Sarah his Wife,

and John Barrington, Esquire, to make Partition of the Manor of Cottingham, alias Sarum, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Gorge, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Serjeant Richardson, Mr. Bolt, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Bulled, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Burslem, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Erie, Mr. Newland, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Ward, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Barton, Lord Downe, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Campion, Mr. Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Sharp, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Foley, Mr. Medlicot, Sir Richard Hoar, Colonel Grahme; and all that serve for the Counties of York and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Leave to fit in a Morning, if they think fit.

A Petition of several Planters of the Sugar Colonies, Afr.fu now residing in Great Britain, was presented to the Tr.dc. House, and read; letting forth, That the Importing Negroes into the Sugar Plantations by th Company, who imported great Numbers annually, and fold them at moderate Prices, and gave the Planters great Credit, until the said Company was paid out of the Negroes Labour: That, on the opening the Trade to Africa, what from the separate Traders not 'oeinglkilled in a right Management of trafficking with the Natives, and from the different Smugglings and Over-reachings amongst themselves, as well as the Contentions as have arisen between them and the Company’s Agents on the Coalt, hath not only advanced the Price of Negroes from 50 s.to near £.20 per Head, but hath so retarded the Voyages, that greatMortalities have happened onShipboard; by which the Planters were obliged to greater Prices for those brought them, to the great Decrease in the Produce of our Sugars, and the Consumption of British ]

Manufactures, and in the Revenue; as well as the Dif-couragement to Navigation: That the Traders, finding the Planters could not afford such Prices for Negroes as answered the great Rates they gave for them on the Coast, conveyed them to the Sugar Settlements of other Nations; by which those Nations have much increased in the making Sugar; which they, from the Fertility of their Lands, can do much easier than we; and so supply the foreign Markets cheaper than we can; which, if not prevented, will be the utter Ruin and Loss of the British Plantations, amounting to £.2,000,000 annually to this Kingdom; there being no other Way to prevent it, but by recovering and securing the Trade to Africa, by establishing a Company, with a considerable Stock, exclusive, with all doe Encouragement from the Government: And praying the Trade to Africa may be established as aforesaid; and that such Company may be obliged to take Subscriptions for raising a sufficient Stock, or Fund; and be obliged to export annually so much Goods and Mer- y

chand ize, as will purchase a convenient Number of Slaves

for the Plantations; and that they transport them thither, and fell them at reasonable Rates; and, if the said Company shall fail to furnish the Plantations with Negroes aforesaid, that they may be made liable to such Inquiries and Penalties as this House shall inflict.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that this House will, upon Tuesday Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Trade to Africa;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j }£ ggj*.; ] 86.

Tellers for the Noes, } 99-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Three Weeks, resolve itself into the said Committee. I

Ordered, That the said Petition of the Planters of the.

Sugar Colonies be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Sir Wm. Wyndham presented to the House, according Preventing to Order, a Bill to prevent the Growth of Schism; and Growth oi for the further Security of the Church of England, as by SehiXm.

Law established: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for making Inclosures of some Part of the Endowing Common Grounds in that Part of Great Britain called Vicarages ty England, for endowing poor Vicarages and Chapelries, lBclofurt*-for the better Support of their Ministers, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved*

13 Ann. i i — i 2° Mai. 637

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to a Committee of the whole Houil.

llefolved. That this HouCe will, upon Wednesday Morning next* resolve its lf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the fairl Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instrufilion to the said Committee, That they have'Power to receive a Clause to exempt the Lands, that shall be inclosed by virtue of the said Bill, from paying Tythes, where the Impropriations are in Lay Hands.

P*terson’» The House, according to Order, resolved itfelfinto a Claims. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for relieving Wm. Paterson Esquire, out of the Equivalent-money, for what is due to him.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Matthew Dudley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Matthew Dudley reported from the Committee, That they had heard the Counsel for the Petitioners against the said Bill, upon their Petition referred to the said Committee; and also Counsel for the Bill; and bad gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbat/, 2 2* die Maii j Anno 13* Anna; Reginae, 1714.

Pit AYEB S.

Woollen A PETITION of the Clothiers of JVotton

M&aufaAure. dridge, in the County of was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, That a Bill is brought in to explain and amend an Afit, of the 10th of Queen Anne, intituled, An Aid for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the "Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; and praying to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the- Bill for explaining and amending an A fit, of the 10th Year of her Majesty’* Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufafiture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the said Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mixed or Medley Clothiers of

sley, in the County of Gon belialf of themselves,

and many Thou lands employed in the Woollen Manufafiture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Leave is given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, of the 10th of Queen Anne, for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufafiture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein: And praying to be heard before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Afit, passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Afitfor regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufafiture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; is committed: And that the Petitioner's be heard before the said Committee thereupon, by their Couitfcl, if they think fit.

Vol, 17.

Ordered, That Richard Vaughan Efcjuire have Leave Leave of to go into the Country for a Mouth, upon extra- Absence. ordinary Occasions.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Leave of That Mr. Worth have Leave to go into the Country Abfsncs. for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions;

It passed in the Negative.

The House being moved, That the Third Sefition of Woollen the A fit, of the 8th and qth Year of his late Majesty Manufedarw King Wm. Cap.8,intituled, An Act to restore the Market at Blackwell-had to the Clothiers; and for regulating

the Fafiiors there; might be read;

The same was read accordingly:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instrufition to the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Afit, passed in the Tenth Year of lier Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufafiture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause to oblige all Clothiers to fend their Cloths into Blackwell-had;

It passed in the Negative.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Litle’sEftataf for the Sale of the Manor and Barton of Widdicomhe, in the County of Devon, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Walter Hele Gentleman, and Philippe his Wife; and for raising and feenring the Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds, for the Benefit of the Children of the said Waller and Philippe; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bull eel do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That the House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Secretary Bromley presented to the House, pur- Earl of Straf-suant to their Address to her Majesty for that Purpose, ford’s Instruc-aCopy of the Instrufilion given to the Earl of Strafford, ft0". with relation to the Declaration made by him, on the

Part of her Majesty, to the Generals of the several Allies who had any Troops in her Majesty’s Pay before the Cessation of Arms; given at Kenthe a ill Day

oSJune 1712:

And the same was read; and is as follows;

Copy of the Instrufition given to the Earl of Strafford, with relation to the Declaration made by him, on the Part of her Majesty, to the Generals of the several Allies who had any Troops in her Majesty s Pay before the Cessation of Arms; given at Kensington, the 21st Day of June 1712.

YOU will declare to the Generals and Commanders in Chief of the foreign Troops in our Pay, and in the joint Pay of us and the States General, with how much Surprize we heard, That there was the least Doubt of their obeying such Orders as they should receive from the Duke of Ormond, Captain General and Commander in Chief of our Forces.

You will declare to them in our Name, That, if this same should happen, we shall esteem it not only as an Indignity and Affront offered to us, but as a Declara-, tion against us; and that from that Moment they mull look on themselves as no further entitled either to future-Pay, or to Arrears of Pay, or Subsidies.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning g . next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houfo, ° to conGder further of the Supplygranted to her Majesty.:

Ordered, That the Copy of the said Instrufilion given to the Earl of Strafford be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Scotch veiling the Revenues and Beats which did belong to the Uiihops Archbishops and Bishops in that Part of Great Britain Revenues.

7 Z called

a 2° M

J. 1714-

Scotch

Bishops

Revenues*

Leave of Absence.

called Scotland in her Majesty, her Heirs and Succe ffors, to be by them applied for the Support and Maintenance of such of the Episcopal Clergy there who shall take and subscribe the Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy, and Abjuration; and shall pray for her Majesty, and the PrincessSophia, in express Words; and conform to the Liturgy of the Church of England: And that Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Murray, Mr. and Mr. Cam-

pion, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That she will be pleased to give Directions, That an Account may be laid before this House, what Rents and Revenues, formerly belonging to the Arch-bishops and Bishops in Scotland, are now vested in the Crown; what Grants have been made out of the fame, to what Uses, and upon what Confederations.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Dolben have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

taments, vested in the Trustees, are necessary for the Fortifications that are now in being at ex-

cepta small Piece of Ground valued at 150.

That as to Chatham and Harwich there are no Fortifications.

That the said Commissioners, in their said Report, did state the Damages sustained by the Owners of the said Lands and Tenements; and ascertained the Damages, including the Land at valued at

£. 170, to amount to the Sum of 4,219 os. o

But the Committee were of Opinion, That several Matters contained in the said Report were proper for the Consideration of the House; to which the Committee submit them.

Ordered, That the said Report, touching the Chap- Naval laius who served in her Majesty’s Fleet in the late War, Chaplains, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Report, touching the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, vested in Trustees for the better fortifying Portsmouth, Chatham, and liar-icicli, be taken into Consideration upon Sevennight.

Scotch Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Militia. settling the Militia in that Part of Great called

Scotland: And that Mr. Carnegy, Sir James Hamilton, Sir John Er/kine, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Sir Peter King, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committee Sir Thomas Crosse reported, from the select Com-Estimates and mittee, to whom several Estimates and Accounts relating Accounts. tQ sUppiy grauted to her Majesty were referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Lift of the Chaplains who served in her Majesty’s Fleet in the late War; and also touching the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, vested in Trustees for the better fortifying Portsmouth, Chatham, and Hanvich; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were severally read; and are as follow; viz.

That the Committee took into Consideration the Lift of the Chaplains who have served in her Majesty’s Fleet in the late War, with those now employed; together with an Estimate of the Half-pay to such of them as probably will not be employed in the Ships for the Ten thousand Men in the time of Peace;

And, upon Examination of the Particulars, the Committee did find, That the Half-pay of such Chaplains as have served in the Navy, over and above such as may be employed in the Ships for Ten thousand Men;

The Total of which Lift does amount to 5,155. 19$. 1 id.

But the Committee did observe. That, by a Memorandum at the End of the said Account, " It is not known " which of the said Chaplains have Benefices, or Ecclesiastical Preferments, at home, or in the Plantations;" so that they were not enabled to give any Opinion of what Deduction might be made out of the said Sum upon that Account.

It appeared also to the Committee, That no Provision of Half-pay was evermade by Parliament for that Service.

That the Committee took into Consideration the Report made to the most honourable the Earl of Oxford and Mortimer, Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, from the Commissioners for making a new Survey of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, vested in Trustees for the better fortifying Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich-, and for ascertaining the Damages sustained by the Proprietors; delivered to his Lordship the 16th of April 1714;|whereby it appears, That the Commissioners appointed under the Great Seal were of Opinion, That, unless the Project of making more Fortifications for the Security of the Docks and Harbour proceeds, none of the Lands, Tenements, and Heredi-

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon next, Duty on

at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Lawn.-, of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying several 9a"v"‘'4c', Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and striped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, ordained; and upon several Kinds of Stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and upon certain printed Pamphlets and Advertisements; for raising the Sum of,£. 1,800,000 by way of a Lottery: and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; so far. as the same relates to Lawns,

Canvas, Buckrams, Barras, and SileNeckcloths.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- \Vifes’sD*bt ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole to the Ciown. House, upon the Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Robert Wife, and his Sureties, for the Debts which he owes her Majesty, or Hands bound for as Surety for Customs on.

Tobacco.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privilege. Privileges and Elections, touching the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege committed agai nil Edward Vaughan Esquire, a Member of this House, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for the speedy and effectual preserving the Dagenham Navigation of the River of Thames, by Hopping the Breach. Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive aClause, That all Lands in the Levels of Havering and Dagenhamfo\A by any Decree or Decrees of the Commissioners of Sewers for the said Levels.or by the Proprietors, since the Breach which happenedin the Year 1707, may be redeemed by the original Proprietors; he or they paying the Money for which they were so decreed and fold, together with the Taxes charged upon the said Levels since, andlnterelt for the same from the times of Payment thereof.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the pnterson’s whole House, to whom the Bill for relieving Wm.Pater- Claims.

/on, Esquire, out of the Equivalent-money, for what is

duq

Woollen

Blauutacture.

Ditto.

Ditto.

13 Ann. 12* — 24

due to him, was committed, be received on Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lurue^ 24° Maii;

Anno 13* Annas Reginac, 1714.

Pravf.rs.

A PETITION of the Clothiers of Trowbridge, and Parishes adjacent, in the County of in be*

halfof themselves, and several Thousandsof poor Persons employed in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that if the Bill depending, to explain and amend an Act, of the to* Queen Anne, for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed and Medley Broad-Cloth; and for better Payment of the Poor employed therein; iliould pass; it would be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and those employed therein r That some Clothiers have made clandestine ContraCls with the Woollen-drapers of London-, which is of ill Conl'equence to the Petitioners, and the said Manufacture: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s lleign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the said Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

A Petition of the ClothiersofBra^rv/, in the County of Wilts, and Parts adjacent, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands employed in the WoollenManufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by a Bill depending to explain and amend an Act, of the Tenth of Queen Anne, for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein: And praying to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

0rrfera/, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, an Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the said Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit,

A Petition and Representation of the Mixture or Medley Broad-clothiers in and about in the County of Gloucester, whose Names are subscribed, on

behalf of themselves, and the rest of their Fraternity, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Merchants, and Dealers in Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths, have obtained Leave to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, of the 10th of Queen , for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein: That the Intention of the said Act was to settle the Measure of every Cloth between Buyer and Seller, and to prevent Frauds, by straining of Mixed Cloths; and it was enacted, That every Owner or Occupier of Mills thouid measure every Mixed Cloth upon a Table of Four Yards, allowing One Inch to each Yard; and, as soon as milled and scoured, the Millman to fix on a Seal with the Length and Breadth of each Cloth, and to take an Oath first. to qualify him; and the Merchant, Draper, and Clothier, to be liable to a Penal* Vol. 17.

9 Matu 39

ty of 20s. for each Cloth hot conformable to the Act .* That the Petitioners have printed their Reasons, in order to obtain the said explanatory Act; And the First Objection is, touching the Country Millmens Qualification for (tamping the Measures of these Cloths; and that they Cannot be indifferent or impartial Judges in this Affair, though sworn, by reason their Dependence is on their Master, and they dare not refuse stamping much longer Measure than is just; where to the Petitioners answer, and appeal, Whether a Countryman may not be as honed, and capable of measuring Cloth, as a Citizen ? The 2d Objection is, That the Penalty of 20 is too little; and, if too little for thcClothier, it is too little for the Draper, or Buyer; it extending to both, and therefore equal; The Third Objection is, The Manner of recovering the said Penalty is defective: to which the Petitioners would willingly join with them in procuring any better Method: But all their Grievances and Designs are comprised in the Conclusion of their Reasons; which are. They hope, that the Length and Breadth of all mixed Cloths shall not be ascertained at the Place of Making, but at the Place of Sale; which the Petitioners submit to this House; and should the Petitioners be forced to go or fend xoo Miles before they know what to enter in their Books, which will be the same of the Petitioners, and the rest of the Clothiers, if these Clothsare to be ascertained and (tampt in London \ and will occasion the utterRuin of many diligent, honed, and laborious, Men, and their Families: And praying the said Act may be continued, and preserved entire, without any Explanations, Alterations, or Additions, or such only as may equally extend to her Majesty’s Subjects in general.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the said Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

Mr. Berkley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Lease of the Rectory of , in

the County of Derby, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts of George Smith Esquire, deceased; and for making Provision for his Daughter; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true -, and that the Parties concerned had given their Conh nts to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: and he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege committed against Edward Vaughan Esquire, a Member of this House:

And the same was read; and the Resolution of the Committee, in relation thereunto:

And the said Reportand Resolution are as follow; viz.

Upon the Complaint, That Mr. William Waller hath entered upon, and worked the Lead-mines of Edward Vaughan Esquire, a Member of this House, within the Lordships of Arujlley and , in

the County of Montgomery, in Breach of the Privi-

lege of this House;

iq That

Smith’s

EftaU.

Privilege.

6^o ^4*

That it appeared to the Committee, by the Evidence of David Jerman and Evan Jones, That Mr. Vaughan is Owner of the Lordships of Arujlly and Talerthig, in which there are several Lead-mines; and that he was in Possession thereof upon the Third Day of March last; between which Time and the Fourth of April last, the Witnessesfaw several Workmen at work, at several times, in those Mines; viz. at Maenhinion, Morris Harry, fVm. Alderson, Mark, Richard, and John, David; at Siglan, Lace, Miles, Harris, and Christopher Medcalfe; at Bryntayle, Wm. David, and James; at Sough, Rees, Lewis, and Samuel, Pluce: which Workmen told the Witnesses, they were set to work there by Mr. Waller i and Mr. Waller being acquainted by the Witnesses therewith, owned, that he did set those Men to Work in those Mines; and said. He would not quit the possession till he heard from the Company of Mine-adventurers: And,

Jerman said further. That, about the Middle of April last, he saw the same Workmen working in the aforesaid Mines.

And that the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. Wm. Waller, having, since the Third Day of March last, entered upon the Possession, and worked the Lead-mines, of Edtcard Vaughan Esquire, a Member of this House, within the Lordflnps of and

Talerthig in the County of Montgomery, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was', upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Wm. Wuller be, for the fetid Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Militia, raising the Militia for the Year 1714, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid: And that Sir Willoughby Hickman, Mr. Bulled, and Mr.

Medlycol, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Ph have Leave to go into the

Alienee. Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Vaughan have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

feangor Ac. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mortuaries, for taking away Mortuaries within the Dioceses of Bangor, Landaff, St. Davids, and Saint Asaph; and giving a Recompence therefor to the Bishops of the said Dioceses; and confirming several Letters Patents granted by her Majesty for perpetually annexing a Prebend of Gloucester to the Masterih ip of Pembroke College in Oxford, and a Prebend of Rochester to the Provostship of Oriel College in Oxford, and a Prebend of Norwich to the Mastership of Cathcrinc-hall in Cambridge; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Secretary Bromley, Sir Wm.

Whitlocke, Mr. Gwyn, Dr. Pajke, Sir Richard Howe, Mr. Harcourt, Mr, Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Conyers, Mr. GoreKMr. Serjeant Mr. Wren, Mr. Annesley, Sir Campbell, Mr. Bulled, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hey/ham, Mr. Heath, Mr. Campion, Mr. Cafar, Sir Willo. Hickman, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Row-ney, Lord Lyon, Mr. Lockhart, Sir Robert Davers, Captain Chapman, Sir Cope, Lord Wm.

General Stanhope, Sir Nicholas Hooper, and all that serve for the Counties of Salop, Hertford, and Monmouth t and for North and South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Leave to fit in a Morning, if they think fit.

Mail A. 1714

A Bill to prevent the Growth of Schism; and for the Preventing further Security of the Church of England, as by Law Growth of established; was, according to Order, read a Second Schism. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon next,

at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Curatf>6 the better Support and Maintenance of Curates within Maintenance the Church of England, who supply the Places of Rectors and Vicars not refidingupon their Rectories and Vicarages: And that Sir Peter King, Mr. , Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Ward, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do provide therein by the preventing the Sale of the next Avoidance of any Ecclesiastical Living with Cure of Souls;

The House divided.

The Yeas go fort h.

Tellers for the Yeas,|^£ Sharp": }l83-

Tellers for tire Xoes^Jj Xai'digal: }

So it was resolved-in the Affirmative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Ways night, resolve itself intoa Commiltee of the whole House, ana Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Se- Running ventlight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Branc1^' House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Running of Brandy.

The House, resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the said Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the paterson’» whole House, to whom the Bill for relieving Wm. Pa- claims. terson Esquire, out of the Equivalent-money, for what is due to him, was committed, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to meet Committees, this Evening be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

r.arl of

Kaiii Kish’s Estate.

KircimflT's Six t.

Woollen

Manufacture.

Vnwrought Incle.

Harwich

Election.

13 Ann. 25*

Martist 2 50 die M'aii\

Anno 13* Ann* Regin®, 1714.

Praters.

S\R D E R E D, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of the Estate late of Richard Earl of Ranelagh, deceased, at Chelfeaand Cranborn, in the Counties of Middlesex and Berks, is-committed, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing ChrijiianWilliam Kirchojf, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gape, Mr. Low!her, Mr. Richard Mr. Collier, Mr.

Earle, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Sir Tlio. \

Mr. Clayton, Sir Tlio. Johnson, Mr. Hyde, Sir Kay, Mr. Cholniondley, Mr. Ward, Sir Richard Howe, Mr.

Onslow. Mr. Kynaston, Sir Edward Mr. Lock-

hart, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Freman, Sir Edward Godyer, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Jennings, Sir Wm. And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a.Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Clothiers of the Liberty and Town of Trowbridge, Bradford, and Paris adjacent, in the Counties of Wills and- Somerfe was presented to the House, and read, setting forth, That if the Bill should pass fur explaining and amending the Act, toth of Anne, for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths, it would be of great Prejudice to the Petitioners; and the Petitioners are informed, that some Clothiers have made clandestine Agreements with the Woollen-drapers of London; which will be of great Prejudice to the Petitioners, and the said Manufacture: And praying to be heard, byCounlel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fiderat ion of the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act passed, in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

A Petition of several Merchants, Importers of un-wrought Incle, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, of the 6th of the Queen, the Duty of -fd Subsidy was taken off from all European. Linen, Sifter-thread, Tapes, or Incle, Linseed, and Flax, for Three Years; and by an Act, of the 7th of the Queen, for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England, &c. the said Duty was taken off for ever; by which, wrought Incle is exempted from the said Duty, though manufactured abroad; but continued on unwrought Incle: In the Book of Rates the Word Ingle i$ general; and since uiiwrought Incle is more beneficial to the Manufactures of this Kingdom, it is hoped the Intention of the aforesaid Acts was to exempt unwrought Incle as well as wrought: And praying a Bill may be brought in, to explain the said Act, of the 7th of the Queen; so far as relates to the Importation of un wrought Incle, used in the said Manufactures of this Kingdom.

And a Clause in the Act, of the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign; and also a Clause in the said Act, of the Seventh Y’ear of her Majesty's Reign; were read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ward, Mr. London, Sir and Mr. Collier, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Benedict Leonard Calvert Esquire was presented to the House, and read , letting forth. That Vol. 17.

Mail. 641

the Petitioner, and lltomds Heath Esquire, stood Candr-dates at the Election for Harwich, in the County of Essex, on the 17th of May 1714, in room of Sir Thomas DavalKnight, deceased: That by the unwarrantable Proceedings of Madicent Hunt, the present Mayor, tend-, ing to the Deftrnction of the Liberties of the Common?; and by allowing several to vote for Mr. Heath; who had no Right to poll; and refusing Persons to vote for the Petitioner, who had a Right; and also by the illegal Practices of Mr. Heath; his Friends and Agents have procured the said Mr. Heath to be returned; in Wrong of the Petitioner, who had an undoubted Right, and ought to have been returned: And praying to be relieved.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Matter of the said-Petition be heard at the Bar of this House;

The House divided.

The Yea8 go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the N<

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coi>-sideration of the Committee of-Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.-

C Sir Robert Havers, I Mr. Collier;

\ Mr. Hutcheson,

I Mr. Wrighlfonc.

rflflVP

} 53-

j 61.

Ordered That Sir George Barbwhave Leavetogo into Leave of the Country for a Month, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

An ingrossed Bill for charging, and continuing, the Supply Bill; Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Ma" DliUe*‘ Service of the Year 1714, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1714; and for the Encouragement of the Distilling of Brandy from malted Corn, and Cyder; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, and Lottery Tickets, loft, burnt, or destroyed; and to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and others, to lend Money upon South Sea Stock.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. v

A Petition of several Captains of her Majesty’s Ships,' Discovering Merchants of London, and Commanders of Merchant- ^eLongl* men, in behalf of themselves, and all others concerned in the Navigation of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Discovery of the Longitude is of such Consequence to Great Britain, for Safety of the Navy, and Merchant Ships, as well as Improvement of Trade, that, for want thereof, many Ships have been retarded in their Voyages, and many loft; but if due Encouragement were proposed by the Publick, for such as shall discover the fame, some Persons would offer themselves to prove the fame, before the most proper Judges, in order to their entire Satisfaction, for the Safety of Mens Lives, her Majesty’s Navy, the Increase of Trade, and the Shipping of these Blands, and the lading Honour of the British Nation: And praying thpir Petition may be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-. mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Clayton, Mr. Loicndes, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Olipliant, General Stanhope, Mr. J Mr, Walpob, Mr. Attorney-General, Sir Mr. Robarts, Mr. Lockicood, Mr. Moor, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Lowther,

Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Bathurst, Lord , Mr. Compton, Colonel Trevanion, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr.

Mr, Graggs, Sir Edward Godyer, Sir Musgrave,

ord Finch, Sir Wm. St.QuirUin, Mr, , Sir

8 A Rbhard

its' Man.

A.iy 14.

Richard Ofijtow, Captain Chapman, Mr. Quick, Mr. Finch, Mr. Secretary Bromley, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Carew, Mr. Mr. Morice, Mr.

Earl, Lord Harley, Dr. Fajke, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Campion, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Freman, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Vice Chamberlain; and all the Members that are employed in any Office in the Admiralty or Navy: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And have Leave to fit in a Morning, if they think fit,

Colonial Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Irade. prohibit the importing Rum, Sugar, and MoloiTes, of foreign Plantations, to any of the Plantations;

and to subject Logwood, and Cocoa-nuts, of foreign Plantations, to the same Restrictions as Sugar, and other enumerated Commodities of the Britishi Plantations, are subject unto: And that Mr. Lorwndes and Mr. Attorney General do prepare, and bring m, the fame.

Naval Half- Resolved;That an humble Address be presented to pay Officers, her Majesty, That (he will be pleased to give Directions, That an Account may be laid before this House, what Orders or Directions have been given for providing Half-pay to Flag Officers, and for granting Pensions and Allowances to them.

Ordered, That the said Addrefe be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Supply, . Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Refutations they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them i,n at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follows;

ift, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the new additional Duty of 30 per Cent. ad. valorem, laid on all Books and Prints imported into Great Britain, by an Act of the xoth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, is agreatDiscouragement to Learning; and prejudicial to the other Duties laid, by former Acts of Parliament, on Books and Prints imported into Great Britain.

2d, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said new additional Doty of 30 per Cent. on Books and Prints imported into Great Britain be taken away.

3d, Resolved, That it Is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding 107,831 9*. 2d. be

franted to her Majesty, for maintaining her Majesty’s 'orces in Flanders, and at Dunkirk, until Michaelmas

7 T4-

4th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £. 19,308 ioj. od. be

Santed to her Majesty, for maintaining of Colonel' andajyde’s Regiment ct Jamaica, and Colonel Alexanders Regiment in the Islands, until Christ-

1x0*1714.

5th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding 5,862 16*. id. be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of Half-pay to such Officers who are allowed it by special Warrant from her Majesty, for the Year 1714,

6th Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding 123,293 19*. id. be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of Half-pay to the Officers of the Land Forces, and Marines, for the Year 1714, upon Account.

7th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding 57,877 nr. 6\d. be granted to her Majesty, to satisfy the Arrears due to the Officers of the Land Forces, and Marines, ftjf Halfpay, at Christmas 1713.

The First, 2d, 3d, and 4th Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Fifth Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Noes, j So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding £. 5,862 16s. id. be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of Half-pay to such Officers who are allowed it by special Warrant from her Majesty, for the Year 1714.

The 6th Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by inferring after the Word " Marines," these Words,

being her Majesty’s natural born Subjects, or natulized."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That a Sum, not exceeding £. 123,293 19*. idbe granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of Half-pay to the Officers of the Land Forces, and Marines, being Her Majesty’s natural born Subjects, or naturalized, for the Year 1714, upon Account.

The 7th Resolution, being read a Second time, was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by be<

House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Two First Resolutions: And that Mr. Secretary Bromley, Sir Wm.Whitlock, Dr. Paflc, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Loiondes, and Mr. Slater, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, Edwin'* That they had considered the Petition of Thomas Edwin Debt to tfa* Merchant, and had directed him to move the House, Crown. That, Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to make a Composition with the said 7 'homasEdwin, as he was Surety for Thomas

Coleman Tobacco-merchant, according to the Prayer of his Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly: And that Mr. Conyers and Mr. Bulled do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Regimental Lift of the Half-pay Army Officers, and the Lift of other Officers provided for by Half pay special Warrants from her Majesty, for the Year 1714, oacer*' laid before this House, be printed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Naval Majesty, That ffie will be pleased to direfit. That a List Half-pajr of the Half-pay Officers belonging to the Sea-service, 9®°"* for the Year 1714, maybe laid before the House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to the Southwaifc Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Petition complaining of the said Election was read:

And the Petitioner’s Counsel examined several Witnesses, touching the Affirmation which wasadministered to the People called Quakers, instead of the Oath of Abjuration:

And several Sections in the Att of the 7th and 8th 16 Years

13 Ann. 25° — 26°- — 270 Mail. 643

Wife’s Debt It the Crown.

Conmittees.

Woollen

llanufacturr.

Earner’s, &c. Mat.

Scotch

Militia*

Years of King Wm. Cap. 34, rfnd in the Act of the 6th Year of Queen Anne, Cap. 23d, were read:

And the Form of the said Affirmation administered to them was a(so read:

And the Counsel on both Sides were heard.

And then withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Quakers, who made their solemn Affirmation in the Form tendered to them, instead of the Oath of Abjuration, by the Bailiff of the Borough of Southwark, upon the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, had a Right to vote in the said Election;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, heater: } 9°-

Tellers for the Noes| JJj; F^'mdl

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Merits of the said Election be adjourned until Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Robert Wife, and his Sureties, for the Debts which he owes her Majesty, or Hands bound for, as Surety for Customs on Tobacco.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to meet this Evening be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26® Maii;

Anno 13* Annie Regime, 1714.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Clothiers in the ancient Borough of Heytesbury, in the County of Wilts, and Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands employed in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is a Bill depending to explain and amend an Act, of the Tenth of the Queen, for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloth; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein: And praying to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

An ingrossed Bill to naturalize James Eymcr, and others, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to naturalize James Eymer, and others.

Ordered, That Mr. Chetwynd do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Camegy presented to the House a Bill for settling the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; And the same was received; and read the Fiift time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next,

Vol. 17*

Sir Matthew Dudley presented to the House, accord- Foyfion, &c ing to Order, a Bill for the more effectual repairing and amending the Highways leading from Roy don, in the County of Hertford, to Wandsford-bridge, in the County of Huntington; And the same was received; and read the Firsttime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hedges have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. Abieuce.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Prevent! Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent 9r1°.*lh of the Growth of Schism; and for the further Security of ®clufin‘ the Church of England, as by Law established.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Wm. Wyndham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Wm. Wyndham reported ftom the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Endowing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Vicarages by upon the Bill for making Inclosures of some Part of the lnclu, ure* Common Grounds in that Part of Great Britain called England, for endowing poor Vicarages and Chapelries for the better Support of their Mmillers.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next* nagenilttni at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Breach, the whole House, upon the Bill for the speedy and effectual preserving the Navigation of the River of Thames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Paterson’s the whole House, to whom the Bill for relieving William CL:m. Paterson Esqfuire, out of the Equivalent-money, for what is due to him, was committed, be received upon Tuesday next, at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to meet Committee* this Evening be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 27® die Maii;

Anno 13* Ann* Reginas, 1714. '

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Merchants, and several Woollen

others, Traders in Woollen Manufactures, in the Manufacture* City of Exeter, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That several Persons, in Prejudice of the Makers and Dealers in the said Manufacture, do deceitfully affix thereto the Stamps of other Traders therein:

And praying the same may be prevented, by a Clause in the Bill, now depending, to explain and amend an Act of the Tenth of the Qifeen, for regulating, improving, andjencouraging, the said Manufacture.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; is committed.

Ordered, That Sir William Robinson have Leave to L ve of go into the Country for a Month, for Recovery of his Aufence. Health.

Ordered,

644

'i’f M

A. 1714-

Leave of Absence.

Bristol

Ti>or.

Alient

Goods.

Leave of Absence.

Duty on

Books

imported.

Ordered, That Sir JVm. Pe have Leave' to go into the Country for Six Weeks, for Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of several of the Guardians of the Poor in the City of Bristol, and others, who have served the same ' Office, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by an Act 7th and 8th of King Wm. the 11 Id, a Corporation was established, whd had the Car© of the Poor committed to them, with Power to raise any yearly Sum, not exceeding what had been raised in any of the Three Years pall, for their Maintenance; and the Sum of £5,000 for erecting Work-houses, Hospitals, or Houses of Correction; and, in pursuance of such Power, have done their utmoli in railing the fame, for the Uses aforesaid, being computed at £2,370 »6f. 5c!. a Year; as also the said £.5,000; and have received by charitable Benefactions £4,350 more; and notwithstanding, their Endeavours to employ the Pdor have proved so expen-five and detrimental, that, for several Years, they have not pretended to employ themi n any-ways: That they are now applying to this House, for Power to raise a further annual Sum of £12,000 for their Maintenance;5 and, for thele lleafons, the Poor of this City will increase, whillt under the Care of the said Corporation: And praying to be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for nlaking more ell'eftual an Act, passed in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King JVm. the Illd, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals, and Work-houses, within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, is committed.

A Petition of the Merchants subscribing. Inhabitants of Kingston upon Hull, on behalf of themselves, and

others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Bill for preventing the Covering Aliens Goods imported tends towards the promoting and securing her Majesty’# Interest, and the Rights of her Sea-ports: And praying the said Bill'may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing the Covering of Aliens Goods imported, is committed:

Ordered, That Sir John Rogers have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinaryOccafions, for a Month.

Sir Wm. Whitlock presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to take away the new additional Duty of Thirty Pounds per Cent, ad , imposed upon

all Books and Prints imported into Great Britain, by an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her present Majesty Queen Anne: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

Refulved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Kaifng the Sir Willoughby Hickman presented to the House, AJihua. according to Order, a Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1714; although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

FJwin'»D«bt Mr. Bultcel presented to the House, according to t.tb*Crown. Order, a Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Edwin, of London, Merchant, for such Debts as he (lands bound for, as Surety for Thomas Coleman Tobacco-merchant: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Twelve a Clock, upon the Bill Tor explaining an Act f >r laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain; or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and striped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs printed, painted, or ftaioed; and upon several Kinds of lum ped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and upon certain printed Pamphlets, and Advertisements; for raising the Sum £1,800,000 by way ofa Lottery; and for other Purposea in the said Act mentioned'; so far as the same relates t.

Lawns, Canvas, Buckrams, Barra?, and Neck-

cloths;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do leave tile Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Wm. Wyndham, according to Order, reported Preventing

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent the Growth of Schism; and for the fur- c " m‘ ther Security of the Church of England, as by Law established; was committed; the Amendments they bad made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read.

The First of the said Amendments, for leaving out " Writing," and inferring "or in," instead thereof:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee iiv the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,f?i.r Ag.h) Kay: ? 1

£.vlr. C holmon$

T , cCSir Edward KnatchbuU, 7 .0

Tellers for the Noes,^ Collier: JI, S-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the Amendments being severally read a Second time; the same were, with an Amendment to One of them, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Bill shall not extend to such as teach to read the Okl and New Testament, and Common Prayer Book:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, ThAt the Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Fo. L. *, by inferring the Word " Divisioit:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then a Motion being made, and a Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,} ] «22-

Tellers for the Noes ^'or<^ m % T , g

I eHers for the Moes,£ f LflZcf/l 3 11

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Fellows:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An for

difiolving the Marriage of Francis Loggia with Sarah Gardner; and to enable him to marry again: To which they deli re the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meflen&ers withdrew.

Divorce.

Duty on l^awnt,

luYiU, & C.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, at

29

The other Orders of the Dav being road; liefolvedy That this House will, upon this Day Fort- Alims night, resolve' itself into a Committee of the whole

I Joule,

Coodi.

Weymouth,

&c.

Sle&kraf.

13 Ann.

27* Mail.

<545

House, upon the Bill for ’the better preventing the Covering Of Alieus.fiooda imported: And that the Petitioners against the said- Bill be heard, by their Coun-fel, before the Committee, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Elections for the Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the County of Dorset and Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop; be

now received.

Mr. Medlycotaccordingly reported from the said Committee, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Weymouth and

Mclcornb Regis, in the County of Dorset, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his-Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Thomas Hardy Knight, Wm. Harvey, John Ward, and Reginald Marriott, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return of the honourable Daniel Haney, and John Baker, James Littleton, and Wm. Betts, Esquires, for the Borough of Weymouth and Mel-

- comb Regis, in the County of Dorset:

Upon the 26th of April the Committee proceeded to

hear the Merits of this Election:

> The Petitioners Counsel alleged, the Right of Election is in the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, Capital Burgesses, and Freeholders, having a Freehold in the Corporation.

The Sitting Members Counsel alleged it to be in the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Bailiffs, Capital Burgesses, Town-clerk, and Freeholders, having a Freehold in the Corporation.

The Counsel on both Sides submitted the Right of Election to be according to the Determination of the House of Commons in the last controverted Election j And did not farther contefi this Point.

The Poll was, for the Sitting Members, thus:

The honourable Daniel Harvey Esquire 301: Mr. Baker - - - - . 308:

Mr. Littleton - - - - 340:

Mr. Betts - - - - . - 323:

For the Petitioners thus;

Sir Tho. Hardy 147:

Mr. Wm. Harvey - - 172:

Mr. Ward - - - - 169;

Mr; Marriott . - - - 162.

The Committee found themselves discharged, by Or--der of the House, from proceeding upon so much of the said Petition as relates to Mr. Ward.

The Petitioner Counsel admitted Mr. Littleton was dulychofen.

The complained of Partiality in the Mayor against the Petitioners; and alleged. They (liould add 59 to their Poll, and take off 165 from the Sitting Members Poll: And called,

Mr. Thomas Corwperjunior: Who said. He took-the Poll for the Mayor: That the Mayor rejected above 100 Voters for the Petitioners, and admitted ,a great many of the same Date for the Sitting Members:

That many Voters for the Petitioners came from distant Places, with Conveyances just wrote; of which they would give no Account; nor whether they were in Possession; nor whether the Grantors had a Freehold: Several for the Petitioners were split Votes, and from Grantors who had only Leaseholds: '

That the first Splitting of Votes for this Borough, which began to be any way notorious, was in October 1710: In 1711 they went farther; and in this laftElec-tion, they went, as far as, he thinks, they could go, on all Sides: That he believes the new Votes on all Sides are of the same nature: There are upon the Poll 58 new Votes for the Petitioners, and.i86 for the Sitting Members. He could not tell how many of the

Vp*. 17.

Petitioners Voters are bad; but said, Those made in 1710 are of the same Nature with those made Once. Upon the Twentieth of April the Committee met again.

The Petitioner’s Counsel proceeded to add 59 to

their Poll:

It appeared by the Evidence of Tho. Knapton and George Gould, That those 59 persons did tender their Votes for the Petitioners, and were rejected by the Mayor.

Twenty-nine of those Voters claimed by Deeds, which have been read in the House upon the controverted Election in 1711; were therefore admitted to be read in the Committee; and are as follow; viz.

In 1710, dat. 12 and 13th September, Richard Colie, by Lease and Release from Edward Glover, and his Wife:

15th January, Jonathan Combden, John Byott, Giles' Combden, Robert Byott, and Combden, from Joan Manjell, by several Leases for her Life, with Livery and Seisin indorsed:

15th and 1.6th January, Daniel Arden junior, by Lease and Release from Daniel Arden his Father:

1 ft and 2d March, Geo. Clarke, by Lease and Release from Joan Bartlett.

id and 3d March, John Hardy by Lease and Release from Thomas Gerrardjunior; and James Shorto, by Lease and Release from James Hunt:

And John Hardy, Wm. Thornton, Tho. Gape, John Knapton, Robert Weare, Richard Henville, Geo. Abingdon, Tho. Ironjide, Edward Cooper, Joseph Hardy,-Wm.

Geale, and Morgan Harbin, by Leases and Releases from Margaret Ledoze:

5th March, Elias Read and John from Thomas

OJett. by Feoffment in Fee, with Livery and Seisin indorsed:

6th March, John Samways by Feoffment, in Fee, with Livery and Seisin indorsed, from Richard Forfey: And . Wm. Andrews from Mary Marfiall, by Feoffment for

her Life, with Livery and Seisin indorsed:

6th and 7th March, John Pitt and John Stone, from Deverex Beale, by Feoffment for Life of Beale, with Livery and Seisin indorsed:

12 th March, John Seager, from Mary Curtice, by Feoffment for her Life, with Livery and Seisin indorsed: Charles Langrish is one of the subscribing Witnesses to 25 of these Deeds.

The Petitioners Counsel proceeded to add to their Poll Nine others of the 59 rejected Voters: And called, Mr. Charles Langrish: Who said, that William Flann has a Freehold which was conveyed to him by his Brother Richard, by Lease and Release:-That Richard voted in the last contested Election; and, upon that Controversy, his Deed'was produced at the Bar of the House: The Witnessdrew the Conveyance to William; there was a Receipt, upon it: He did not fee any Money paid: He said William Flann had the Conveyance } and had a Tenant in Possession at the time of this last Election; but could not say his Deed was loft: That George Pykehas aFreehold Tenementby Lease

and Release from John Croom; but knew nothing of Pyke's Possession:

That Robert Pearfe has a Freehold House by Lease and Release from John Cooper, which he saw executed the 25th of July last: He don’t know has Pof-

session:

That William Robarts has a Freehold from Daniel Arden: And

Robert Coombs, who is dead since the Election, bad a Freehold from Thomas Ethered: And,

Henry Hopkins, Edmund Taunton, Robert Frampfon, and John Ben field, had alib Freeholds; and that all their Deeds were likewise produced, and read in the House upon the last Controversy.

Cross-examined; he said, That he does not know that any of these Voters have lost their Deeds, or parted with their Freeholds; nor did he know of any Confi-

8 B deration-

Weymouth,

See.

Elections.

646 2j* Ma A. 1714,

deration-tnOney paid; He'only brought up their Deeds upon the former Con trove rfy: and said, He took them t*> be very good and statu table Freeholds.

Ten others of the rejected Voters for the Petitioners claimed by the following Conveyances in Fee, viz. 1708, 7 February, John Thorn by Feoffment in Fee, with Livery and Seifia indorsed, from Peter Slade, and his Wife:

1710, 13and 14th July, R byLeafeand

Release from Thomas Loader:

ill and ad August, Robert Gibbs, by Lease and Release from Thomas Loader:

19 and aoth July, Tho. RandaU,b Lease and Release from John Thrupp:

ad and 3d August, Samuel by Lease and Re-

lease from John Pollard:

9th January, Joseph Sanger, by Feoffment in Fee, with Livery and Seisin indorsed, from Sanger, and

his Wife:

3d March.Francis Hamlin, by Feoffment in Fee*

with Livery and Seiiin indorsed, from Daniel Arden senior:

10th March, Wm.Farr, by Feoffment ki Fee, with Livery and Seism indorsed, from Mary Farr:

1711 3 and December, Wm. Hatttond, by Lease and Release from Stmiudl ManftU:

<713, 1 ft and ad July, John Tibbs, by Leafeand Release from Richard Oliver:

Mr. Charles Langrish, one of the subscribing Witnesses proved the Execution of Six of those Deeds: but said. He did not fee any of the Consideration-monies paid, except by Two; who were Thomas Randall and Wm. Hamond: He knew three had actual Possession;

who were Wm. Farr (one of those Six) and Samuel Monjell, and John Thorn-, and that Thorn has had Possession ever since 1708.

.'Mr. Samuel MaiffeU, a Witness to the Deeds to Fra. Hatnling and John Tibbs; and he saw those Deeds executed, and Possession delivered; but did not fee any Money paid.

At to the remaining n rejected Votes; the Petitioners Couftfel produced the following Witnesses \ Mr. Samuel Manfell said, Thomas Purse has been 10

Years in Possession; umf has vot< d before.

Mr. Langrish said, Richard Green and James Sadler have Freeholds by Descent from their Fathers, and are in Possession:

ThtxThonas Whatley and Dtveret Beale have been

30 Years in Possession of Freeholds; and are old Voters j That John Manfell is an old V oter:

That George Evftace voted for a Freehold conveyed to him by Ralph Carter in November 1711, for Which Carter voted in 1710:

That Peter JoUiffe and Jacob Pope have Freeholds; the First in Right of his Wife; the other in Right of his Mother (Co-heireffes of Jacob Chub); and that JoUiffe and Pope are old Voters:

That Tho. Farr has been to Years ita Possession of a Freehold; and is an old Voter:

That the Mayor rejected Three old Voters, because they came without their Deeds.

Upon the 30th of April the Committee met again.

The Petitioners Coanfel proceeded to add Ralph Henville to their Poll:

Mr. Langrish said, That Ralph Henville voted for a Piece of Land in his Possession, called HenviWs-land, which pays a Rent to the Town; and for which the HenviUes have voted 25 Years.

Richard Woodcock, who took Minutes, at the Election, for the Petitioners, said, The Mayor objected against Ralph Henville, That the Tithe to s Lands was

Uot ki him, but in his Unole: The next Day the Uncle voted under a Conveyance from Mrs. Ledoze; and satisfied the Mayor, that be had no Title to this Land; but that the Title Was in Ralph Henville.

Then the Petitioners Counfd proceeded to disqualify 165 Voters for the Sitting Members r And called, Martha G la diced-. 'Who named 14 of those Voters;

and said. They were treated at the Crdmn, in the time of the Election, by Mr. Richards, who Was Agent for the Sitting Members; and pafrcl the Reckoning, which' came to £5 15/. 4<f.

The Committee came to this Refolotion;

Refotoed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Freeholders of the Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, in die County of made ffnee

the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in April 1711, unless claiming by Devise, or Descent, bad any Right of voting in the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough. Upon the Third of May the Committee met again, and came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,1 That all Conveyances to split and divide the interest in any Houses or Lands in the Borough of Weyihouth and Melcomb Regis among several Persons, in order to multiply Voices at the Election of Members to serve ia-Parliament for the said Borough, are illegal, and void. The Petitioners Cotmfel objected against 151 of the Sitting Members Voters, as Freeholders, made since the Election in April ijn, not claiming by Devise or Descent, and bad Votes.

Mr. Cowper said. That he truly wrote down, upon

the Mayor’s Poll, the Years in which the Voters Deeds produced at the Election were dated:

By which Poll it appeared, That 14 voted for the Sitting Members by Conveyances dated in 1712, and 97 . others by Conveyances dated in 1713:

Those in 1712 were Benjamin Rickard Gar~

land, Richard Brixey, Benjamin Whiting, Edward Gote-ham, John Andrews junior, Edutard Crocker, Joseph Way, John Frankland, Sam. Templeman, James Browni,

Marmaduke Tizard, Geo. Pitt, Bar tho. Peach:

Those in 1713 were Geo. Richards Esquire, 77*0.. Much, Tho, Purse, Geo. Carter, Tho. John

Polden, Peter Templeman, John Batten, Tho. Morrife, Benja. Bragg, John Saben, Peter Hojkins, Edward Reetch, Samuel Cox, Robert Smith, Mathew Paul, -s. nard Banger, John Peekett, Robert Henley, Wm Tucker, Richard Channingjunior, John Samuel Derby,

Stephen Bow ditch, Henry Seymour Esquire, John Rose, Wm. Pyke, Jofiua Colefox, Alexander Waker, Bernard Newman, Daniel Cox, George Gibbs, Giles Meacli, Daniel Moore, Robert Batten, Andreio Waiji Andrew Waren, Tho. Notling, Tho. Stone, Benja. HounfeU, Henry Davis, Daniel Sherry, Richard Lang horn, John Longhorn, Wm. Noffard, John Andrews, Daniel Sherry junior, John Clare, John Squire, Morgan Deveni/fi, John Talbott, Jdhii Follett, Lejier, Nath.

kind, Wm. BeUanan, Nicho. Eyres, Jofiph Richard Steyner, John Barrett, Wm. Sheppard, Jasper Seetger, Robert Higgens, John , Henry Creech, John Mitchell Esquire, John Morey, Robert Olivet junior, John Colefox, John Houitfell, Henry' Nye, Nicho. Pearfoti, James Langhorne, Robert Jennings, Samways, Jofah Norman, Robert junior, George Masters, Richard Gollop, Wm. Beere, Lovelace, Tho. Tapp, John Gray, John White, Wm. Paddock, Theodore Aubie, Richard Rtmnfevalle, John Browne, John' Howard, Sydenham Thornhill, Wm. Palfary, Leonard Cuffens, Enoch Fortescue junior, Geo. Garrett, Wm,' Bayley, Wm. Peircy, Wm. Braddock, Wm. HaUett.

Geo. Gould said, That Francis Bennett and Elias Daze voted by Deeds dated 1 and ad July 1711, and John Cheevely by Deeds dated the ift and ad July 1713.

Rickard Woodcock said, That 15 voted by Conveyances dated in 1711, after the Election in that Year; vix. Wm. Turner, Geo. Luckham, John Bunter, Abrahdm Gray, Jonas Whetcomb, Sam. Gray, Daniel Gundry, John War man, Oliver Hayward, Wm. Bay ley, Giles Laxcrence, Enoch Fortescue, John Denning, Wm. Lacy, Lionel Browne:

And that Seven voted by Conveyances dated in 1713 ;' viz. James George, Jokn Lock, Joseph Randall,

Best, Wm. Wallis, Arthur Patten, John Read.

Mr. Langrish said, he has been conversant in former

Polls,

i3 Ann.

Pelfs, and has Copies of those in 1716 and 17115 and that he never ktieto these 12 Persons. vote before this Election, viz. Geo.Hawker Esquire, Nath.

Wm. Sthirke, Tho: Littleton Esqulre, Henry Hunter Esquire, Richard Leystock Esqnite, Peach, ttvtrd Lutinier, Tho. Braine, Sam. Robert Bowler

Esquire, John Car life:

That John Humphryshas otily a Chattel Lease, and

that Richard Kell awayAnd Samuel Martin had fold heir Freeholds before the Electron.

Upon the 7th of May the Committee met again.

The Sitting Members Counsel infilled, That none of he 59 Voters, rejected by the Mayor, odght to be Aided to the Petitioners Poll; for that all their Deeds Are fraudulent, no Consideration^money having evet been paid, nor any Possession had under them:

And, to difqUaiifv those 59, they called,

Mr. Cowper: tVho said. That John Sloite voted

Under Beale, who had but a Mortgage for t,oooo Years

from Thorn; and that he read Beale's Title-deeds at lire Election.

James Fry ami Roltert Henley said, John Samways ioted for a House of Which Richard FoJJey has been Seven Years in Possession.

Mr. Read, who took Notes, at the Election, on the Sitting Members Side, gave the following Account of the Voters which the Petitioners would add; and why those Voters were rejected; viz.

That Rickard Code was rejected, because Edward Gtover had voted for the fatne Prfemilfes:

The Five claiming under Joan were re-

jected, as fraudulent and void Deeds, because flie had no Title:

Daniel Atdenjunior, because a split Vote; being Part

®f the Golden Lyon, for which his Father had Voted:

Geo. Clarke; because he could hot shew atiy Title in Joan Bartlett, the Grantor:

John Hardy; because a lplit Vote, made by Thomas Gerr aid; and the Deed mentioned Gerrard to be ih Possession:

James Shoe to; because a Void Deed from James Hunt; the Habendum being to Margaret Ledoze, who was also mentioned in the Deed to be the Grantor:

The 12 claiming under Margaret Ledoze were rejected; because lhe had only a Leasehold:

Elias stead and John FofteV; because they were split Votes under Thomas Offelt, who had voted:

Wm. Andrews; because Mary Marshall, the Grantor, was proved to be in Polteflion:

John Seager said. His Title had been proved in Parliament; but that he knew not where his Land lay:

WtA. Flam voted by Deeds dated 16 and 17 th July

711; and was rejected, because Richard Flann, this Grantor, was at Sea a long time before and at that time: George Fyke, Robert Coombs, Henry Hopkins, Robert FYamptm, and John BenfeUd, Voted by Deeds dated in 1713:

Robert Pearfe, by Deed since the Election in 1711: Wm. Robarls, a l\)lit Vote by Daniel Arden:

Edmund Tatiiiton produced uo Deed, and would not say whether he was in Possession or not:

John Thom, James Sadler, and Tho. Farr, were queried upon the Poll:

R ichardLegg and Robert Gibbs were rejected, because The. Loader, the Grantor, was in Possession of what f-xgg Voted for; and IVm. W another Grantee from Leader, had voted for what Gibbs claimed to vote:

Tftb. SandaitWas rejected, because of a Defeat in his Title:

Santikd Manfell had sold to his Brother, Who had voted for the same House:

Joseph Sanger Vejfefted; it being notorious the Grantor had only a Leasehold:

Francis Hamling and IVm. Farrbecause they were split Votes:

Wm. diamond's Deeds were dated 3d and 4th timber 171 v:

'Vo*. E7.

v % #

John Tibbs, id and ad July 17131.

Tho. Purse had only a Mortgage for Years; and Livery and Seifln not executed:

Richard Green would not shew any Title, and hir Mother was in Possession:

Tho. Watley produced aConveyanceto , in 1674; with a Memorandumindorsed, That Towne had conveyed

to him; but no such Conveyance was produced:

Deverex Beale had only a Lease For Years: John ManfeWs Deed was in August 1713; and Geo. Eitftace the 5th and 6th November 17x1:.

Peter Jolliffe lhe wed no Title: It was alleged the

Freehold was in Wadden: And,

Jacob Pope was rejected, because the Inheritance is io his Mother, and he has noTitle before her Death: And, Ralph Henville produced no Title; but only a Certificate from Mr. Langrish, That he had a Freehold ia a House that was pulled down.

This farther Evidence against 24 of those Voters mentioned by Mr. Read was also produced;

Mr. Cotoper said, He read Shorto's Deeds at the Election; they were Lease and Release from James Hunt; the ConGderation was mentioned to be paid by garet Ledoze, and lhe is the Grantee in the Deed.

Mr. Pajhen said, That George Clark has often de-

clared to him, That he never paid any Money for the Tenement conveyed to him by Joan Bartlett; and that he was an occasional Vote made in 1710.

Mr. Cozoper said, Joan ManfeWs Hufoand died about 14 or 15 Years ago; Three of his Sons are living: That John Manfell, One of those Sons, is his Heir at Law: He did not know whether Manfell made a Will, nor who is in Possession.

Mr. Pajhen said, Francis Hamling told him, He voted For Part of the Golden Lyon, for which he never paid any Consideration-money; and that he had no Right to vote.

Mr. Cowper said. That James Sadler was disallowed upon the Scrutiny; because Combden had voted under a Conveyance from him:

That Thomas Watley produced a Conveyance to another Person; but could not produce any Title from that Person to himself.

Mr. Pajhen said, He knows, of his own Knowledge, That the Inheritance of what Peter Jolliffe voted for ia in Wadden; and that Jolliffe had fold the Freehold for which he formerly voted:

That Ralph Henville never voted before; he pretended to vote for some Lands that were his Uncle's; but never produced any Title: And the Witness said, he knew it to be Perrin's Estate.

It appeared by the Inventory of the Goods and Chattels of Tho. Ledoze, deceased, exhibited in 1700, by

Margaret Ledoze, his Administratrix, That his Title to the Houses called The Square, in Melcomb Regis, was a long Lease.

.The PetitionersCounfel admitted this was aLeafehold Estate at that time; but alleged, That Margaret Ledoze afterwards purchased the Inheritance; and that her Title was produced at the Bar of the House in the last Controversy.

They admitted 12 Persons voted under her for Tenements in this Square; and alleged, they were good Freeholds.

The Sitting Members Counsel proceeded to disqualify 68 upon the Petitioners Poll; 36 of which the Petitioners Counsel admitted did vote under Deeds dated since the Election in April 1711; Viz. Wm. Salmon, John Pollard, Tho. Gundryjunior, Morton, John Martin, Robert Sharpe, John Whitell, John Crome, son, Simon Durant, Nath. Gould, Robert Elliott, Wm. Pond, Chr. Wade, John Cullen, Henry Harrison, James.

Gould junior, Joseph Henning, Robert Coker, Daniel gittary Clerk, Simon Nicholls, Reginal Corbin, Richard Mitchell, John Ferry, Owen Lance, Robert Bartholomew, Robert Shaddock, Humphrey Jolliffe, Richard,

Wm. Deane, Copus Atwell, John Channing, John Deant, Win, Humfrys, Wm. Harvey, Henry

Weymouth,

&c.

Electiont*

Wuvmmith,'4 . Zee. EfeiUrins.

648 'i f Mail. -^.1714.

But tint Mr. Wm. Harvey, One ofthofe 36, voted for the Sitting Members Mr. Littlet^nd Mr. Harvey, and for the Petitioners Sir Tho. Hardy and Mr. Ward: And, Mr. Readfai t\, Joseph Clarke, another of the Petition-

ers Voters, polled by Deed dated in 1713.

As to 14 others, who voted for the Petitioners, the Sitting Members Counsel called,

M r. Read, Mr. Coicper, James , and Hopton:

Whose 'Evidence was, That Eight; viz. Robert Tho. Bishop, James Lintern, Henry Robinfm, John

Cha. Young, Tho. Combden.and Wm. Lacy, were split

Votes, and fraudulent: John and James Gould

owned they had no Title:

Lat inter, Croft, Hums y, H, and Jonathan Ledoze,

voted for Leaseholds: And,

Edward Pearfe, junior, was queried, because his Title appeared doubtful.

As to 13 others; viz. IIany , Esquire, Tho.

Ilopicood, Henry Atwell, Wni.F White, Richard Latioe, Wm.Wiggott, George Elleott, Edward

senior, John White, John Meech, Wm. Robert

Arbuthnott-,

Mr. Coze], tersaid, Those 13 were queried by the Mayor upon the Poll, for not producing a Title in the Grantors; and that, lie afterwards allowed them upon the Scrutiny, though they did not appear, nor produce any Title there.

Crols-exaininecJ; he said, That, upon the Scrutiny, the Mayor turned to the Minutes of the Poll, taken by Mr. Read, for the Sitting Members; and the Mayor then allowed such as he found were in Possession, and fuel) as bethought had good Titles.

To qualify Eight of the Sitting Members Voters, objected to as claiming by late Titles;

Mr. Coicper and Mr. Read said. That those Eight are old Voters, and voted in former Elections; viz. John Jilecch, Richard Kellaway,. John Curtice, Sam. Cooke,

Arthur Patten, Tho. Brume, Edward Lattimer, John Reede.

John Pollard laid, That Sam. ManfeU. font to him, and gave him Two Writings, whipb he carried back when he voted; and that lie saw several Deeds lie upon the Table, foime half wrote, and others but in part: The Consideration of his Deed was mentioned to be£. 30; but be never paid any thing: He voted in 17 1, and saw no Deed then: He voted for the Petitioners by Order of his Matter Mr. Benjamin Gibbs, who told him he had Land; but he never bought any.

Wm.Combs said. His Matter gave him the Writings he voted by upon the same Morning the Election was, and took them back again when he had voted.

To prove Bribery in the Petitioners, the following Witnesses were called; viz.

John Hu fey: Who said, The Petitioners were bound in a Bond of £. 1,000 Penalty, for building the Bridge at Weymouth.

Fabian Green said. He took a 6th Pars of the Bridge to build; but did no work; Bartlet, who employed him, paid him 13^.; and Richard Berry, who had the ordering that Work, difoh.arged him, because he would not vote for the Petitioners: That he believes the Bridge coli above £. 500; and that the Petitioners gained Five or Six, or more. Votes by it.

Mr. Pajhen said, The Petitioners asked his Vote; and told him, They hoped to have it, because they built the ' Bridge: That the Bridge gained Jerrard, and a great many other Votes, for the Petitioners.

Mr. Couper said. That James Hardy declared, He voted for the Petitioners because they built him a good Bridge to walk over.

It appeared by the Evidence of Sam. Hobart and Rob.

' Henley, That Tho, Officii declared, That Mr. Langri/h' ami Man'fell ottered him Two Guineas to vote for the Petj)ioners; and lie complained they had not used him hand forocly, for that afterwards they gave him but One 'Guinea.: ’

That Offielt was served with an Order of the Committee, to attend as a Witness for the fitting Members; and thereupon promised to give Evidence of this Matter before thp Committee; but the next Day he said, Ha should not obey the Summons; for he had better considered of it, and would not come.

The Committee came to the following Resolutions} viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the honourable Daniel Harvey, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weymouth and Regis, in the County of Dorset.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That John Baker, Esquire, is not duly elected a Btff&efs to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That James Littleton, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this. Committee, That Wm. Betts, Esquire, is not duly electeda Burgess to serve in this present Parliament/or the said Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Tho. Hardy, Knight, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Wm. Harvey, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Reginald Marriot, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis.

And the House being informed. That there were, several Resolutions relating to the Rights and Qualifications of Electors within the said Borough,:which are not inserted in the Report, though they ought so to have been;

Ordered, That the Report be withdrawn, in order to the making the same more perfect.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. IJiccocks and Mr. Fellows: , .;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year .1714; and for the Encouragement of the distilling Brandy from malted Corn and Cyder; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, and Lottery Tickets, loll; burnt, or destroyed; and to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and others, to lend Money upon South Sea Stock; without Amendment. And,

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the River Nyne, or running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Medlycot, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Shreivsbury, in the County the

Resolutions of the Commitfer*thereupon; which theyhad directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report, and Resolutions, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and areas follow; yiz. , . so

Upon the Petition of Corbett Kynaston, Esquire, and the Petition of John Powell, and other Burgesses, inhabiting in the Borough of Shreifburyi in the County

Supply Bill; Malt Dutiei.

Nyne ' Navigation.

Shrewsbury

Election.

13 Ank. 27° Mali. 649

County of Salop, complaining of an undue Ele6)ion the Elettion in the Morning, before the Poll began, sbrewfburf and Return of Thomas Janes and Edward Crejfett, One-and-forty of the Sitting Member’s Voters, who the Elediw:. Esquires, for the said Borough. named, were treated at the Three Tuns by Mr. Brick-

The Counsel for the Petitioners against Mr CreJJelt, dale-, the Sitting Member was with them; the Meat was waved the Matter of the Petition against him, and brought in by his Servant; and that who

admitted him to be duly chosen. solicited Votes for him, undertook to pay the Bill. '

The Committee proceeded to examine the Merits Mr. Arthur Tonge and Mr. Jona. Scott said. That John of the Election, with respect to the other Two Hall told them, That the Sitting Member made another Candidates: As to which the Poll was: . Treat for his Voters, at Hall's House, upon the Election-

3 51 for Mr. Jones: day: That his Bill came to between 11 and £.12; and

27C> for Mr. Kynaston: that the Sitting Member had promised him Payment.

The Petitioner’s Counsel alleged the Right of Elec- ' Dorothy Richards said. That Richard Bucknall Shoe-tion is in the Burgesses at large." maker, told her, He was to have of the Sitting

The Silting Member’s Counsel alleged it to be only Member for his Vote; and shewed her 20s. which, ho in the Burgesses inhabiting within the Borough, paying said, was Part of the Money.

Scotland Lot. The Sitting Member’s Counsel called,

To prove the Right of Election to be as the Peti- Sir John , Tho. Powell, Esquire, Geo. Clive

tioners Counsel alleged; they produced Copies of Esquire, and Samuel Elijha: Who said, They were pre-21 Returns to Parliament; viz. lent at the Election; that the Mayor asked some Gentle-

One, 17 Edward IV.; another, 1 Ed. VJ.; another, 30 men, who were Out Burgesses, and Friends to the Sitting El.; another, 43 EL; another, 18 Ja. I.; another, 1 Car. Member, if they would vote, and they refused:

I.; another, 3 Car. 1.; by Bailiffs and Burgesses: That, upon the Close of the First Day, the Petitioner

A Return, 15 Car. I.; another, 13 Cor. II.; by Mayor, wiftied the Sitting Member Joy of his Election: That,

Aldermen, and Burgesses: upon the next Day, a great many Out Burgesses came

Four Returns in Car. II. and One7a. lid, by Mayor into the Hall, and made a Hallowing for and

and Burgesses; Crejfet; but not above Four of them came to the Bar,

2° Wi llielmiSC Mar. a Return by Mayor, Aldermen, and demanded to be polled; and those did not say for

and Burgesses: And, who they would vote.

Four Returns, Willielmi; One, i# Anne; and another, WmKynafion, Esquire, said. The Mayor directed the

4* Amice; by Mayor and Burgesses: And, Poll to be taken, according to the last Resolution of the

The Petitioner’s Counsel called, House of Commons; and that, upon the First Day, the

Mr. Arthur Tonge and Richard Finch: Who said, Candidates on all Sides objected against several Voters,

That, in all Elections for 35 and 56 Years past, the Out for not being qualified, according to that Resolution.

Barge ties voted without Objection, till the Year 1709; Edward said, He believed there was 100

before which time they were never disputed. Burgesses at the Election, who would have voted for the

To prove the Right of Election in the inhabitant Sitting Member, had Out Burgesses been admitted;

Burgesses only, the Sitting Member’s Counsel pro- several of which had formerly polled for him, and deduced Three Returns; viz.dared they were now ready to do so.

17 Edw. IVth, a Return by inhabitant Burgesses of John Poxcell said, That his Kinfihan John Thomas the Town, with the greater Number of all Burgesses: told him, the Petitioner gave him £.\ towards buying

i* Maria, SC 2® SC 7,° Phil.and Maria, Two Returns his Burgessship: by Bailifl's, and inhabitant Burgesses: And That, upon the last Thanksgiving-day, the Petitioner

The Resolution of the House of Commons, of 20th gave the Witness lor. to vote for him, and his Interest;

December 1709; when the Right of Ele&iou was deter- but he did not vote for him; and that, till the Second mined to be only in the Burgesses inhabiting in the said Night before the Election, it was not known the Peti-Borough, or in the Suburbs thereof, paying Scotland tioner would (land.

Lot, and not receiving Alms or Charity. Edward Podmore said, That, before any Interest was

The Committee came to the following Resolution; viz. made for Votes, John Thomas told him. That the Peti-Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, tioner gave him Money to buy his Burgessftiip, and That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parlia- would give more for his Vote, ment for the Borough of Shreiesbury, in the County of The Committee came to these Resolutions;

Salop, is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, said Borough. That Tho. Jones-, Esquire, is not duly eletted a Burgefe

To add Ninety-four Out Burgesses to the Petitioner’s to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Poll, the Petitioner’s Count’d gave in a List of their Shreivjbitry, in the County of Salop.

Names; and called, v RefoThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, James Clarke, Antho. Poxcell, Tho. Gittins, Wm. Bre- That Edward , Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess then, and Five other WitnessVs, being Nine of those to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough Burgesses: Who said, That, upon the Second Day of the of Shreivsbury.

Poll, all those 94 went up into the Hall in a Body, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

and demanded to be polled for Kynaston and Crejfett: That Cor Kynaston, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess

That those Nine in particular, and as many more of the to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough

others as could get up, went into the Bar, and demanded of Shr

such Poll for themselves particularly; and the rest de- The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second

manded their Poll in a Body, by crying out for Kynaston time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

and Creffett: That a List of all their Names was given agreed unto by the House.

into Court, and read over by the Cryer; after which Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this the Mayor made Proclamation, That he would not poll House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for any Out Burgess; and thereupon they departed. the Borough of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, by

It was proved by Richard Finch and John Clay, That rafing out the Name of Thomas Jones, Esquire; and none but Burgesses are exempted from Toll: And that inserting the Name of Corbett Kynaston, Esquire, instead these 94 Persons pass Toll-free, as being Burgesses: thereof.

And E’inch said farther, That he farms the Toll at £.50

a Year; these Persons he exempts; and that heexcufes A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Motioa for none but Burgesses.' That the House-do now adjourn; Adjouru-

Sarah Williams said, That, upon the First Day of It passed in the Negative.

Vo l. 17* 8 G A Petition

>w

Itching

Navigation.

Aliens

Goods*

Committees.

Shrewsbury

Return

amended.

Insolvent

Debtors.

KirchofPs

Nat

Duty on Books im-forUd.

650 27* — 38° 1714.

A Petition of John Poivell, Robert Wm.

£>oncjjfigr, Reward Wall, John 4dgm Crumpton, and several others, whose N.ames are subscribed thereto, jBurgeffes of, and inhabiting in, the Town of being jread;

Resolved, That the said Petition, complaining of an undue Electipp and Return of Edward Esquire

for the said borough of Shrewsbury, is frivolous, yexa-tioijLs, and scandaiops.

Ordered?, Th^t the said Petitioners do tpalfe Satis-feftiqp to thp said Mr- for his Cpfts and

Rspencpe.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, and make effectual, an Act, made in tlje 16th and 17th Yeafs of the Reign of Ring Charles lid, intituled, An Act for making divers Rivers navigable, or othervyjje payable, by Ro.ajts, Barges, and other Vessels, as far as the fepie relates to the River It chin, alias Itching, js pqmrpitfed. have Reave to fit ip a Corning,

if they'thiph ht-

A Petition of she l^fayor, Bailiffs and Bqrgeffes, of the Toyyn and Cpppty of Swas prefepted to the Hpufe, and read; felting forth. That several Foreigners, apd Unfreemen, Inhabitants of tjijs Port, fre-mieptJy enter at the Custom-house Qoods of Aliens, in their Names, to the Prejudice of her Majesty’s Revenue, and the Petitioners; pho, by Oath, are not to colour or cpver Alipns Gqodsj bpt obi iged to hear the Burthen of Offices |n the Corporation > ana particularly, the anciept and cpftomaryDnes, which are fanned from her Majesty at a great Kept, are loft: And praying the said Foreigners may he phijged to enter their Goods of Oath; that the Petitipners may receive ap equal Copfigmpent abroad, gs well as they} wherpby they will be enabled to pay their annual Rent to the Crown-

Ordered, That the said Petjtjpp he referred to the Committee of the fvhqle Hopfe, to whom foe JBiR for the better ppeYepting the Cpyeripg of Ahens Gffftfjs imported, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourped till To-mprrpw ' Morning, Nine of the Clpck.

Veverts, a 8* Maiij

Atop ta* Ann® Begin®, 171*

Prayers.

THE Clerk of the Crown attended, apd, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Shrewjhyry, in the Coupty of Salop.

Mr. Bqfcqwexi reported from the Committee, to whoip the Bill for the Relief of poor insolvent Debtors was committed. That they had go.ne through the Bill, and bad made several Amendment? to it; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, ip at the Clerk’s Table,

Ordered, That the Report be taken mtoCopsideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Lmpther reported from the Committee, to whom foe ingrpffed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing ChristianWilliam Kirchoff, was committed.

That they had copfidered the fame; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amepdr ment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill to take away the pew additional Puty of Thirty Pounds per Cent. ad , imposed upon all

*9

Rooks and Prints imported into Great Britain, by an Act made in the |ofo Year of the Reign of her present Majesty Queen Anne, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itfejf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Reave be given to bring in a Bill to Scotch explain, and make more effectgai, an Act, passed in the Mandxc Tenth Year ofher Majesty’sReign.for preventing Abuses in making Li pen Cloth, and regulating the Lengths and Breadths, and equal Sorting of Yam, in each Piece, made in Scotland; and for whitening the fame: And that Mr.

Cunningham, Mr. Smith, Sir James and Mr.

Yeaman, do prepare, apd bring in, the feme,

A from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Oldcs, Royal Afa

Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: to B,;>

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s I

Rommission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That t{ie House had heen up at the House of Peers; where her Majesty’s Coicmiflioti \vps read, notifying and declaring, in her Majesty s Ab-fepce, the Royal Adept to Three publick Bills, and to Two private Bills: Apd that the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Prefulent of her Majesty’s Council, ppd otlipr Rords coinmiftipped for that Purpose, did accordingly notify and declare the Royal Afloat to the several Bills following; viz.

An Act for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mpq>> Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1714; and for the Encouragement of the diddling Rrandy from malted Corn, and Cyder; and far making j

forth Pu.pl jeafos of Exchequer Bills, and Lottery Tickets, I

loft, bptpt, or destroyed; and to enable the Governor (

and Company of the Bank of En, and others, to I

lend Money upon South Sea Stock:

An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of her present Majesty *s Reign, intituled,

An Act for repairing the Highways between Dunfable ftnd flock ley, in the County of Bedford.

An Act for making the River Nyne, alias Men, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable:

An Act for vesting the Lease of the Rectory of Chejletfeld, in the Coppty of , in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts of George Smith

Esquire, decepfed; and for making Provision for his Daughter:

An Act for the Sale of the Manor and Barton of IViddicombe, in the Coupty of Devon, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Walter Hele Gentleman, and Philippe his Wife; and for raising and securing the S -in of pifteep hundred Pounds, for the Benefit of the Children oif the said Walter and Philippe.

An ingrossed Rill for the better regulating the Forces;

to he cputinupd jp her Majesty’s Service; and for the C"*d j

Payment of the said Forces, apd of their Quarters, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the BiH; viz.

Pr. last, L. at- Tp leave out " discovering-.'’ j

Pr. last, L. 25. After " Soldier," to insert Sutler " pr SerVTOt.'

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed TOt? by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved,

13 Ann.

a 8° — 31* Mail.

651

Answer to Adtiirft.

Itching

Navigation.

Laws relating to Vagrants.

Portsmouth, &c. Fortifications.

Harwich

Election.

Resolved, That the B*U 4a pafc; And that the Title

be. An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be continued i» her Majesty’* Service; and for the Pa y-pient of the said Forces, and of their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Chapman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the House, That thir Address had been presented to her Majesty, That jlie would be pleased to give Directions, That an Account Alight be laid before this Horde of what Orders or Directions have been given for providing Half-pay to Flag Officers; and for granting Peofions and Allowances; and that her Majesty had given Pireftions accordingly.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, and make effectual, an Act, made in the 16th and 17 th Years of the Reign of King the II.

intituled, An Act for making divers Hi vers navigable, or otherwise passable, by Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, as far as the same relates to the River alias

Itching, is committed, have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Inliroftion to the Gentlemen who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for the further Conthmance of the Laws for the Punishment of Vagrants; and for the making such Laws more effectual; That they do reduce the several Laws relating to Vagrants into One.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of the Ordnance do lay before this House, an Account of what Money is in his Hands, on Account of the Fortifications intended to be made at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich,

Ordered, lhat the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty to make a new Survey of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as are necessary for the Fortifications in Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich, do attend this House upon Morning next.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections do hear the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex, upon Wednfday Sevannight;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for Ihe YeaS>{

Tellers for.he N^Mr.", }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative,

him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was d.irested by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, Endowing at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of

the whole House, upon the Bill for making Inolofures of some Part of the Common Grounds in that Part of Great Britain called England, for endowing poor Vicarages and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers.

Resolved, That this House will, upon next, ®utJ on

at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining an Act for laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and striped Lineus imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; and upon several Kinds of stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and upon certain Pamphlets and Advertisements; for raising the Sum of Eighteen hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a Lottery; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; so far as the same relates to Lawns, Canvas, Buckrams, Barras, and Silefa Neckcloths.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

151.

101.

Tobacco Ordered, That the ingossed Bill for encouraging the Trade. Tpbacco-tr^de he read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.'

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Wife’s Debt Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom-to the Crown. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treafunr, for the Time being, to compound with Robert Wye, land his Sureties, for the Debts which he owes her Majesty, or stands bound for, for Customs on Tobacco,

Supply. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed

Luna,31° die Mail;

Anno 13* Ann® Regin®, 1714.

Pua TEES.

THE House being informed. That some of the Alien Duty. Commissioners of the Customs attended;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House their Return to the Order of this House, of the 9th I oft ant, for an Account what the Alien Dues -amounted to, from Michaelmas 1687 to Michaelmas 1688; and from Michaelmas 1712 to Michaelmas 1713.

And then they withdrew.

The Title of the said Return was read.

The said Return is as follows; viz.

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled:

In Obedience to an Order of the 9th Instant, requiring the Commissioners to lay before this honourable House, an Account of what the Aliens Duty amounted to, from Michaelmas 1687 unto Michaelmas 1688, inclusive; and also from Michaelmas 1712 unto Michaelmas 1713, inclusive; the Commissioners gave immediate Directions to the proper Officers to prepare the said Account, which is now finished, and herewith presented;

And humbly submitted to this honourable House.

Custom-house, London, Rob. Wmfon,

28th May 1714. E. Gibbon,

Nairne.

Custom-honfe, London.

An Account of what the Aliens Duty amounted to from Michaelmas 1687 unto Michaelmas 1688, indu-five; and also from Michaelmas 1712 unto Michaelmas 1713, inclusive; viz,

VOL. 17.

Port

African

Trad*.

Etching

Navigation.

Ditto.

651 31"

Port of London. From Michaelmas 1687 to Michaelmas 168 8. From Michaelmas 171a to Michael« mas 1713.

For Wines - - - For Pound* Goods - 257 15 5,341 19 10 1,183 4 6f 2,718 11 3f

Out-ports. From Michaelmas 1687 to Michaelmas 1688. F ro m M i ehaclmas 1712 to Michaelmas, 1713.

For Wines - -for Pound* Goods - 61 15 2 293 14 2f 239 18 14 502 5 —

5 >955 4 3x 4,643 18 114

Mail

A.

1714.

Robert Paul, per Comptroller General. 28th May 1714.

X. D. Some of the Out-port Books for the Year 1688 not being now to be found, the Amount of the Aliens Duty at such Ports cannot be known, which if it could, it would increase the Total of the said Year.

One reason why the Aliens Duty on Wines is so much greater in 1713 than in 1683 is, that in 1688 there was only One Subsidy on Wines; whereas, in 1713, there is Old Subsidy, New Subsidy, -f and 4-ds Subsidies; all which have Aliens Duty in them. R. Paul.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Merchants, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, in the Town of was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, since the Opening the Trade to Africa in 1698, greater Quantities of the said Manufactures have been vended, than in the time of the African Company’s having the foie Trade in a Joint Stock, but now lies under great Discouragements, by the Endeavours of the African Company to exclude all others from the said Trade; which, if obtained, will ruin the said Manufacture, and be very grievous to the Petitioners, and others concerned therein: And praying the Trade to Africa may be preserved free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects.

jDrdered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of the chief Traders and Inhabitants of, in, and about, the Town of Andover, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the River Itchin, alias Itching, made , navigable from the Sea to Winchester, rs of great Advantage to Andover, and the Country round about; but, upon the Petition of several Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers, of Land, lying near the said River, Leave is given to bring in a Bill to explain, and make effectual, an Act, of the 16th and 17th of the lid, lor

making divers Rivers navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels: And praying no Bill maypafs, in Prejudice of the said Navigation; and to be heard by Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, and make more effectual, an Act, made in the 16th and 17th Years of the Reign of King Charles the II. intituled, An Act for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise passable, by Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, as far as the same relates to the River Itchin, alias Itching, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard thereupon before the Committee, by their Counsel, if they think fit.'

A Petition of the chief Traders and Inhabitants of, in, and about, the town of Slockbridge, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting Ibrth, That the River Itchin, alias Itching, made

navigable from the Sea to Winchester, is of great Advantage to Stockbridge, and the Country round about,

by the cheap Carriage of Goods; but, that, upon the Petition of several Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers, of Land lying near the said River, Leave is given to bring in a Bill, to make effectual ag Act, of 16th and 17th Charles the lid, for making divers Rivers

navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels: And praying no Bill may pass, in Prejudice of the said Navigation; and to be heard by Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, and make effectual, an Act, made in the 16th and 17th Years of the Reign of King Charles II, intituled, An Act for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise passable, by Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, as far as the same relates to the River Itching, alias Itching, is committed:

And that the Petitioners be heard thereupon before the Committee, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

A Petition of the Proprietors of certain Lands and Lands taken , Tenements at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That F0rtific»-by an Act 8° Anna, the Petitioners Lands and Tene- tions. ments are veiled in Trustees, for the Use of her Majesty, for the better fortifying Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich, on certain Contracts between her Majesty’s Commissioners and the Trullees, for the Purchase thereof, which Contracts were made, pursuant to an Inquisition taken, on Oath, before the salt! Commissioners, by Juries appointed to inspect the Value of each Proprietor’s Estate; That, by Report of a Committee of last Parliament, it appeared, that a sufficient Sum was paid into the Treasury of the Ordnance, to pay off the Petitioners respective Purchase-money: That the Petitioners have had several expensive Journies to London, in hopes of receiving the fame: That several of the Proprietors Tenants, upon passing the said Act, have left their Houses; and the Petitioners, being divelled of their Power to make Leases, or assurance to Tenants for Continuance, could neither keep their old, nor get new, Tenants; yet are forced to pay Taxes for those empty Houses; and several of the Petitioners Houses, being built on short Leases, will revert to the Lessors, for want of renewing their said Leases, to the Ruin of some of the Petitioners; and some of the Proprietors depending on the said Act, have suffered great Loss of Trade, and lie under great Distresses: and that the Damages reported by the Commissioners, at the Tower of London, are not proportioned to the real Damages fuilained by the Proprietors: And praying the Corn-million, granted by her Majesty in 1711, may be execute.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

until the said Report be taken into Consideration: And that the said Petitioners be then heard at the Bar of the House, thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Biff* the Reverend Dr. Biffe, Preacher at the Rolls, for the thanked. Sermon by him preached before this House, the 29th lostant, at St Margaret's, Westminster;and that he be

desired to print the fame: And that Sir Thomas Powell,

Mr. Jennings, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Laugharn, and Mr. Hungerford, do acquaint him therewith.

Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the House, That Answer t* their Address hath been presented to her Majesty, That Address, lhe would be pleased to give Directions, That an Account may be laid before this House what Rents and Revenues formerly belonging to the Arehbishops and Bishops in Scotland are now vested in the Crown: what Grants have been made out of the fame, to what Uses, and upon what Considerations; and that her Majesty had given Directions for the preparing such an Account: but that it cannot be completed until several Matters relating to it be lent from Scotland.

A Petition

i3 Ann. 31°

Piinpnliain A. Petition of Thomas Thomas

13re1di. William Watkins, Thomas Fox, and Obadiah Siggs, on

behalf of themselves, and several others, old Land-owners of the Level of Dagenham, &c. in Essex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Owners of the 6aid Lands overflowed paid the Tax assessed, while any Likelihood of Recovery thereof, and paid the Queen’s Tax ever since; and the Land-owners finding a Person who was desirous to agree for recovering the said Lands for £.2*700.and another for £. 10,000. was rejected by the Commissioners, and great Sums misapplied in ineffectual Reparations, by others employed by the said Commissioners, they thought it in vain to contribute any longer; and that the Jury called by the Commissioners having taxed £. 5. Acre, the Commissioners, and the said Undertakers, compelled the Jury to make the Tax ,£. 10. on Pretence of so much being expended; thinking thereby to oblige the Owners to quit the Land, and the Managers to have the Purchase themselves; and, when the Jury seemed unwilling to tax j£. 10. per Acre, One of the Managers told the Jury, They

should tax what Sum they directed, being proper Judges thereof, and not the J ury; by which Practices they are deprived of their I>ands , and by a pretended Sale of the Commissioners, were vested in Persons who have done nothing effectual towards the Recovery of them: And praying aClause may be inserted in the Act for stopping the said Breach, and the Lands thereby recovered remain to the Benefit of the Owners, and not the Undertakers, who managed a J ury into a Tax of £. 10. per Acre; and, if recovered, that they may not he compelled to pay all Sums pretended to be expended by the said Undertakers.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual preserving the Navigation of the River of Thames, by stopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, is committed.

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be heard before the said Committee upon their Petition, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

Tregagle’* Mr. Bulled reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of John Esquire, deceased,

lying in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, for Payment of Debts; and making Provisions for his Children; wascommitted; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read them iri his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wrere read; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. xst, L 17. Leave out " County of Pr. 4. L. t. Before " our " insert " of:"

Pr. 11. L. 43. Leave out "was," and insert " were:"

Pr. 15. L. 2. After "they," add " the."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

ft-ent "Mr.Netodigate reported from the Committee, to whom

Navigation. j|le gjj| for making more effectual an Act, of the 10th and 11 til Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trait, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable,

was committed. That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Vol. 17.

Mail 53

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Woollen Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Gloucester, and Manufacture. Wilts, be added to the Committee; to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for Payment of Poor employed therein; is committed.

Mr. Serjeant Richardson reported from the Com- Wynn’s mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, E*ute-intituled, An Act for enabling Richard Wynn Esquire, and Sarah his Wife, and John Barrington Esquire, to make Partition of the Manor of Calias Cottingham Sarum, in the County of York, was committed.

That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made one Amendment; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendment, in at. the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as follows;

In the Title of the Bill, leave out " to enable Richard " Wynne Esquire, and Sarah his Wife, and John rington Esquire; " and, after the Word " York," ad 1

" between Richard Wynne Esquire, and Sarah his Wife,

" and John Barrington Esquire."

The said Amendment being read a Second time, was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Franks have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, upon extraordinary Occasions, for a Mortth. Absence.

Mr. Erie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bristol Poor. Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King

Wm.IIId, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, was committed, That they had considered the several Petitions to them referred, and the Instruction given by the House; and had heard the Petitioners Counsel; and that the Committee had directed him to reportthe Matter, as it appeared to them, thereupon; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him also to report; and he read the said Amendments in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, and the Bill, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Bill for the more effectual repairing and amending Royston, &c. the Highways from Royston, in the County of Hertford, Hoads, to Wand ford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Hinchinbrooke, Sir Ma/th.Dudley, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Dairy mple. Lord Ji in Powlet t, Mr. Cock born, Mr.

Pigott, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Pitt, Sir James Stuart,

Mr. Burridge, Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. Clayton, Captain Dyott, Mr Quick, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Rolf, Mr.

Mr. Cholmley, Sir Chisto. Musgrave, Sir Wm.

Mr. Slater, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Annesley, Captain

Chapman, Mr. Bultcel, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr.

Mr. Curzon, Mr. Eden, Dr. Paske, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Shackerley, Mr. Forbes, Brigadier Grant-, and all that serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Leave to sit in a Morning.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the Supply, whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in 8 D his

Duty on Books imported.

Tobacco

Trade.

654 3

his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding J£. 300,000. be granted to her Majesty, towards satisfying the Debt due for Seamen’s Wages, and to the Yards; and for the Debt due to the Marines.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Rill to take awaythe new additional Duty of 30. per Cent, ad valorem, imposed upon all Books and Prints imported into Great Britain, by an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her present Majesty Queen Anne.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir B ’m. KVhitlocke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Win. Whitlockcreported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereto; which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House will please to receive the 'same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for encouraging the Tobacco-trade, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out the 8th and 9th Presses, which contained as followeth; viz.

" And whereas several Bonds, pursuant to several " Acts of Parliament in that behalf, have been entered into by Merchants, or others, for the additional Duty, " New Subsidy, One-third Subsidy, and Impost-duties, " upon Tobacco imported into this Kingdom; upon " which Bonds, the whole Monies, or Part of the Monies, " specified in the Conditions of the same respectively, " have, according to such Conditions, incurred, or become payable, at several Days, or Times of Payment, " before the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand Seven " hundred and Fourteen; and do remain unsatisfied; or usuch Bonds are not delivered up; Be it Enacted, by the " Authority aforesaid, That in all and every Case and " Cases, where, the Obligors in such Bonds being Principals or Sureties, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or any of them, shall have, before the First Day " of September One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen, paid to the proper Officer or Officers the principal Monies so incurred, or grown due, before the " said Fifteenth Day of June One thousand Seven hun-" dred and Fourteen, such Payment shall be of the same " Force and Effect as if the same had been made at, or " before, the respective Day or Days in such Condition " or Conditions mentioned for Payment thereof:

" And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where the whole principal " Monies due, or to be due, by the Conditions of such Bonds as are before-mentioned, are, or shall be, paid " by the said First Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen, such Bond and Bonds " respectively shall, upon Demand, be delivered up to " the Party or Parties who hath, or shall have, so paid the " same, his, her, or their. Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, without any further or other Demand whatsoever: Nevertheless, it is hereby Declared, That in case " any of the Bonds before-mentioned shall not be satisfied within the time by this Act limited, as aforesaid;

" or in case any Payment incurring, or growing due,

" after the said Fifteenth Day of June One thousand " Seven hundred and Fourteen, by the Condition of any " Bond taken, or to be taken, for the additional Duties,

" Impositions, or other Duties, of Tobacco imported, or hereafter to be imported, as aforesaid, shall not be duly paid, according to the Condition of every such

Maii. A* 1714.

" Bond respectively; in all and every such Case and " Cases the Penalty of every such Bond shall not be

discharged, either in Law or Equity, without the full " Payment of the principal Monies, together with Interest, which is to be first paid, and accounted for, after " the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be tc reckoned from the Day on which such principal Monies became due, until the actual Payment thereof tc besides Costs of Suits; unless the Lord Treasurer, or w any Three Or mote of the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, upon any Representation of " the Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being,

" or any Three of them, shall judge it reasonable, in any " particular Case or Cases, to remit the said Intecest and " Costs, or any Part thereof; this Act, or any other

Law or Statute whatsoever, to the contrary notwith-T‘ standing :"

And several Precedents were cited out of the Journals of the House; viz.out of

The Journal in One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-five-six, Page One thousand Twenty-seven:

The Journal in One thousand Seven hundred and Seven-eight, PageTwo hundred and Seventy two: And,

The Journal in One thousand Seven hundred and Twelve, Page Seven hundred and Seventy-five.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clauses stand Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Whereupon the Two Presses were cut oil' at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for encouraging the Tobacco-trade.

Ordered, That Mr. Hutchinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by.Mr. Holford and Mr. Loviboiid:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Scrooped. Sale of some Out-parts of the Estate of Simon Scroope Estate, Esquire, in the Counties of York and Nottingham, for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to prevent the Preventing Growth of Schism; and for the further Security of the Growth ot Church of England, as by Law established; be read Schism, the Third time Tomorrow Morning in a full House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Weymouth Privileges and Elections, touching the Merits of the Election. Election for the Borough of W and Melcomh Regis, in the County of Dorset, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next, Dagenham at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of N reach, the whole House, upon the Bill for the speedy and effectual preserving thcNavigation of the R iver of Thames, by stopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex-, and nothing to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- " ays an4 ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole -'Iean8* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning* Nine of the Clock.

Portsmouth, kc. Forti* ications.

Curates

Maintenance,

Claims on Equivalent.

13 Ann. i 0 Junit.655

Mortis, i° afo Junit\

Anno 13" Ann* Reginae, 1714.

Prayers.

THE House being informed. That a Person from the Board of Ordnance attended;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, according to Order, an Account of what Money is in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Ordnance, on Account of the Fortifications intended to be made at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich.

And then he withdrew.

The Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Office of Ordnance, the 1st of June 1714. An Account of what Money is in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Ordnance, on Account of the Fortifications intended to be made at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich.

JT. s.

South Sea Stock - - - 39*77° 3 9

Interest received to the 25th of December 1713 ..... 4,772 8 5$

£44,542 12 21

Jos. Lee, Deputy to Cha. Eversfield Esquire, Treasurer of the Ordnance.

Ordered, That the said Account dolie upon the Table, to he perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Peter King presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England; and for the preventing the Sale of the next Avoidance of Ecclesiastical Benefices: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday next, at Twelve a Clock.

A Petition of James Campbell, of Merchant,

Agent for the publick Creditors of Scotland, claiming upon the Equivalent Money, in their Name and Behalf, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That it is agreed, by the 15th Article of the Union, all the publick Debts of Scotland, as shall be adjusted by that Parliament, shall he paid out of the Sums payable to Scotland, by way of Equivalent; and that, pursuant to an Act, of the last Parliament of Scotland, concerning the public Debts; and an Act, of the first Parliament of Great Britain, for the further directing the Payment of the Equivalent Money; many of the public Debts of Scotland have been adjusted, and transferrable' Debentures issued out to the respective Creditors, bearing Interest, at £.5 per Cent, per Annum from 24 th June x 708:

That the Petitioners have not yet received Interest or Principal due from the Publick, nor any stated Account of the past Or growing Equivalents: And praying to be relieved, by more effectual Directions for stating the said Accounts; and for applying such Sums as are become due to Scotland, by way of Equivalent, or otherwise, in the Terms of the Treaty of Union, towards the Satisfaction of the Debts due to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Murray, Mr. Carnegy, Sir John JVal'er, Sir T/10. Crosse, Mr. Slater, Mr. Willson,

Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr. Quick, Mr. Bui tee!, Mr Archer, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Doc km i-

nique, Mr. Conyers, Mr. CorsSir James Campbell,

Mr. Mildmay, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Sir Peter

King, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Elliott, Colonel Vo L. 17.

Mr. Eden, Mr. Smith, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Baylie, Mr.

Pytts, Mr. Orde, Mr. Clayton, Sir James Stuart, Mr.

Walpole, Sir John Pakington, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lockwood,

Sir IVm. Whitlocke, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Ijmndes, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Aislabie, Mr. Compton,

Mr. I^etchmere; and all that serve for North Britain:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Leave to sit in a Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Scroop* for Sale of some Out-parts of the Estate of Simon Scroope Estate. Esquire, in the Counties of York and Nottingham, for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Wm. Whitlocke, according to Order, reported from Duty on the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Book* im* take away the new additional Duty of 30. per Cent. P01^* ad valorem, imposed upon all Books and Prints imported into Great Britain, by an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her present Majesty Queen Anne, was committed, the Amendments which they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and he read the sameinhis Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; anti, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bulteel reported from the Committee, to whom Scotch the general Abbreviate of the Receipts and Payments Equivalent, made by the Commissioners of the Equivalent in North Britain, was referred; and who were to examine the Accounts and Vouchers relating to the said Equivalent Money in North Britain; and report the Matter, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; the Matter, as it appeared to them; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen Drawback who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for the Relief on t*°ld of the Exporters of Gold and Silver Thread, Lace, and ‘

Fringe, Muslins, and Callicoes, in relation to the Draw- expor e back for the same. That they do make Provision for the better securing the Duties upon Silk*, Callicoes,

Linen, and Stuffs, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Earl of whom the Bill for Sale of the Estate late of Richard KanekgU's Eari of Ranelagh, deceased, at Chelsea and t,ute-

in the Counties of Middlesex and Berks, is committed, be received upon Friday Morning next.

Sir Thomas Crosse reported from theselect Committee, Committee to whom theEstimatesandAccountsrelating totheSupply n E-tum>te* granted to her Majesty were referred, the Matter, a* it and Accounts, appeared to them, touching the State of the Debt of the Land Forces; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth:

viz.

That the Committee, in order to make a State of the Debt of the Land Forces at Christmas 1713; as also what Services were provided, and what not provided for, by Parliament; together with the Causes of the said Debt; took into their Coiy sideration the following Papers:

7 A Paper

v

<S56

- b cy

i Junn.

A. i

714.

Committee on Estimates % pd Accounts.

A Raper delivered in to the House by the- honourable James Brydges Esquire, late Paymaster General, and signed by the said Mr. Brydges, and referred by the House to the said Committee; intituled, An Estimate of the Debts due to the Army, being her Majesty's Subject Troops upon the Establishment of foreign Service, to the 21st of December 1712, or to the respective Days of Disbandment, or being removed to other Establishments within that time; distinguished under the the Heads of Clearings and Off-reckonings.

w- £ '

The Clearings, amounting to the

Sum of 309,848 2

The Off*reckonings, to the Sum of 75,543 11

d.

2r

A Second Paper delivered in to the House, and signed by the said Mr. Brydges -, intituled, An Estimate of the Debts due to the Army, being her Majesty’s Subject Troops upon the Establishment of foreign Service, from the 22d December 1712, to the 24th August 1713, or to the respective Days of Disbandment, or being removed to other Establishments, distinguished under the Heads of Clearings and Off-rcekonings.

The Clearings - 44,107 6 8

Off-reckonings ... 46,886 5 i I

Total

Out of which being deducted a Sum

9°»993 " 9*

charged in another Paper, amount-

ing to

33,557

The Remainder, on this Paper, is -

A Third Paper delivered in to the House by the said Mr. Brydges, signed by him, and referred by the

House to the said Committee; intituled, An Account of the several Charges of her Majesty’s Forces incurred, which are not provided for in Mr. Brydges’ Office, between the 22d December 1712, and the 24th August 1713.

The Sum total of which amounts to -

Annexed to which last Paper, is another, signed by the said Mr. Brydges, intituled, A List of several Bills of Exchange, drawn by . Chetwynd Esquire, her Majesty’s late Resident at Genoa, on the late Paymaster General of her Majesty’s Forces, being the Cost of a large Quant ty of Corn which he contracted for, for the Service of Spain, pursuant to Directions he received from the Treasury.

The Total of which Paper amounts to the Sum of

A Fourth Paper delivered in to the Committee by the said Mr. Brydges, but not signed by him; intituled, An Abstract of the Demands made at the Pay Office, for Services alledged to be performed during the late War.

The Committee examined the several Articles of the said Paper, the Total whereof amounted to the Sum of £-879,265. 18ft 6|rf.; and where there appeared Reasons to induce them to believe, that a Deb^might be really owing; they agreed that such Articles should be stated as Debts; a List of which is hereunto annexed, and does amount to the Sum of-....

A Fifth Paper delivered in to the Committee; intituled as the Fourth.

This Paper, amounting to the Sum 0^.153,476.7 9 was examined in the same manner as that last mentioned; and it was agreed, that several Articles therein contained should be stated as Debts, as appears by the annexed List; and amounts to the Sum of ——

Sums Total.

£. d.

385,391 >3 51

57,436 n

70,473 12 ii|

Voted by Parliament.

Not voted by Parliament.

£. ft d. £. s. d.

350,876 14 n|

31,51-1 18 5}

57,436 II 2|

60,095 6 2

60,095 6 2

266,322 17 i|

33,084 19 8|

56,729 16 8*

i7,49i 0 5i

7°»473 12 114

209,593 o 4I

15»593 19 3

A Sixth

.13 Ann.

A Sixth. Paper delivered to the House, by the said Mr. Brydges, and signed by him, was referred

to the Committee; intituled, A State of the Demands of his Royal Highness the Elector of Hanover, on Account of his Troops who were in her Majesty’s Pay and Service in the Low Countries.

The said Paper has been, by Order of the Committee, reported to the House; and doth amount to the Sum of ——

A Seventh Paper delivered to the Committee by the spid.Mr. Brydges, but not signed by him; intituled the Fourth.

To complete the Bay of the Officers in Colonel Jones's, Brigadier Vezey\ and Colonel Butler's, Regiments, at Gibraltar, the Sum of -

An Eighth Paper delivered to the Committee by the said Brydges, not signed; intituled as the Paper lagf-mentioned:

Wherein is/contained an Article of Major General Pepper’s Demand for extraordinary Services in Spain, amounting to

Also an Article for the Pay of Major General IVightman, according to a Report from the Secretary at War A NinthTPaper delivered to the Committee by the said Mr. Brydges; being a Certificate of Hen. Watkins Esquire, for the Extraordinaries due to Two Regiments of Dragoons, and Two Regiments of Fqot, being the Troops of the Duke of Saxe Gotka; amounting to the Sum of A Paper delivered to the House by Thomas Moor Esquire, the present Paymaster General, signed by him, and referred to the Committee; intituled, An Abstract of some Charges incurred, not provided for in Mr. Moor'S Office, between the 24th of August 1713 and the 24th of De~ cember following, exclusive of Off-reckonings and Clearings; amounting to -The Off-reckonings and Clearings, Part of the said Paper, are ——

A Second Paper delivered to the House by the said Mr. Moor, signed by him, and referred to the Committee; intituled, An Account of the usual Allowance of Forage for her Majesty’s Regiment of British Dragoons serving in the Low Countries, for the Year 1713, not provided for in Mr. Moor's Office; amounting to A Paper delivered in to the Committee, signed by Mr. How, Paymaster of the Guards and Ga-risons: being an explanatory Abstract of Three Papers delivered to the House, signed by the said Mr. Howe, and referred to the said Committee; amounting to -A Paper delivered to the Committee, signed by Francis Gzoynn Esquire, Secretary at War; intituled, An Abstract of the Pretensions of some Roman Catholick Officers, who served her Majesty in Spain and Portugal, but never were in the Enemy’s Service; amounting to A Second Paper delivered to the Committee by said Mr. Gwynti, signed by bim; intituled, A Report about the Roman Catholick Officers, who quitted the Enemy’s Service to come over to her Majesty’s; amounting to the Sum of -

The Arrear of Half Pay to the Officers of the Land Forces, and Marines, disbanded, due at Christmas 1713, the Sum of ——

Two other Papers delivered to the Committee by Mr. Brydges, but not signed by hint; One intituled, An Account of what remains unpaid of the Subsidies voted by Parliament, for foreign Princes, in Alliance with her Majesty, during the late War, to the End of the Year 1712; and what is demanded by them beyond that time: Vo L. 17.

Hiniu Sums total. Voted by Parliament. 657 Not voted by Parliament.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

65,022 8 6 62,924 6 6 O 00

3,780 11 6 m 3,780 11 6

1 5,000 O O m m m 5,000 0 o'

Cjn Oi O O - 564 0 6

3,236 4 6 - 3>23® 4 6

54,892 17 10 1 m, r 54,892 17 10

18,583 13 6 m 18,583 13

1,797 4 2 - 1,797 4

221,507 0 ti i97>834 3 11 23,672 tj

692 18 0 «. J 692 18 O

i>755 7 0 _ id, -' 1,755 7 9

57,877 11 6£ 57,877 n 6|

andAc. counts#

8 E

A*

D. ized by

Committee on Estimates and Accounts.

6 5 8 1° Jurm- 1714.

As also. Ah Account of what Is demanded by foreign Princes for the ordinary Pay of their Troops, who were in her Majesty’s Pay during the late War:

The Total of which Paper, on the £. s. d.

Head of Subsidies, is - - 311,458 6 3

On the Head of Pay - 171,789 19 o

The Total of both amounting to

the Sum of 483,248 5 3

But in regard the Parliament voted several Sums of Money, as a Provision for that Service, to the 22d December 1712, amounting to the Sum of The Committee did not think fit to state any thing contained in that Paper as a Debt, but what was voted by Parliament for that Service.

The other Paper delivered by the said Mr.

to the Committee, but not signed by him; intituled, A State, setting forth the several Demands made upon the Publick, on Account of the late War; which the Committee have agreed to report to the House; distinguishing how much thereof has been granted by Parliament; how much of that intended Provision has fallen short by Deficiencies; and how much thereof has been applied towards defraying other Services, not provided for by Parliament:

In which Paper there is entered the following Memorandum;

The Pay of the foreign Troops, from the Wth " July 1712, the Day of their separating from " the British Army, being the time to which it " is here demanded, to the 22d December following, was voted by Parliament, and amounts

"to....

But the Committee were of Opinion, That this Sum of £.201,710. is. 6d.-, and the preceding Sum of

jC-345>634- 4s- 'd. amounting to jC-547,344- 5*- 5

should be taken Notice of as Demands rather to answer a Saving on the Heads where these Charges are made, than as Debts due from the Publick:

And the Committee were of Opinion, That if those Articles that are stated as Debts in this Report, were thoroughly examined, by such proper Officers as shall be appointed by her Majesty for that Purpose, they would admit of very considerable Deductions.

Sumi total. Voted by Parliament. Not voted by Parliament.

£. t. d. £. s. d. £. *. <4

345»634 4 345»634 4 1

I t k

201,710 t 6 201,710 1 6

1,854.859 3 9* 1,408,609 17 if 446,249 6 8£

The Committee proceeded to take Into Consideration the Causes of the Debt of the Land Forces: And by several Papers and Accounts laid before them, it did appear, That, on the 22 Day of December 1710, there was a Debt due on Account of Land Forces, over and above all Effects then in the Hands of Mr. Brydges, the Paymaster General, to satisfy the same^ amounting to the Sum of- ——

It did also appear to the Committee, That the Proportion of the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Grants iu Mr. Brydges' Office, for the Year 1712, amounted to ----- It did further appear. That the Proportion of the Deficiencies in Mr. How's Office did amount to ——

And that, in the Year 1713, the Deficiency of the Parliamentary Funds was It was also agreed. That there is South Sea Stock, wherewith the Paymasters, or one of them, is chargeable, applicable to the Payment of the Debt of the Land Forces incurred before Christmas 1713, amounting to- - -

Also a Balance of an Account in South Sea Stock in the Hands of Mr. , amounting to

694.53° 1*. 6*

353.639 7 oh

*97.834 3 1

88,633 0 Q

120,000 0 8,469 7 O

3

Total - - - £. 1,4(3,306 15 nj

But the Committee did observe, That the Paymaster General had received Interest on general MortgageTallies, and Dividends of South Sea Stock, amounting to £.65,843. 11$. id.; out of which Sum, he had answered, an,d made good, the Interest due on Loans of Money borrowed on South Sea Stock.

A STATE

i3

A S

w

ai

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

io

11

1 2

*3

M

L5

16

*7

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

3°

31

32

33

34

35

36

37

38

39

4°

41

4i

43

44

<5

46

47

48

49

5°

5*

52

53

54

*5

56

'{i

l

«i

62

63

64

6.5

66

67

68

Ann.

Junii.

r AT E of the several Articles in the First Paper of Demands; amounting to £. 879,265. 18 6 J $ ^g^'mau*

ich the Committee have agreed to report to the House as a Debt; shewing how mueh thereof has been, Ac_

' how much thereof has not been, voted by Parliament. . counts.

Beaumont ——

Forage to 12,000 Prussians 1744 -

Forage to D° 1744 ——

Forage to Prussian Augment 1744- -

Passed over.

Forage, by Haymans, 1712 Bread delivered by Vanderkaa -Wheat furnished at Gibraltar -Provisions furnished for the said Garison Passed over.

Forage furnished by Mr. Hudson -

Corn for Mahone ——

Barley furnished for Forces in Spain -Mule-money to the Regiments in Spain, 1710 Passed over.

Passed over.

Passed over.

Extraordinary Charge of Forage for flfa/r’sand flow’s Regiment ——

Forage Money to Four Regiments in Flanders Passed over.

Passed over.

Passed over.

General Officers, 1711, in Flanders -

D°, 1712....

D°, 1713....

General Officers in Portugal -General Officers in Spain

Officers of Mahone and Gibraltar -

To complete the Pay of the General Officers Wale/, Part of £.4,283. 9 d.

Douglas’s Pay ——

Prince of Hesse's Bill -Passed over.

Mr. Craigg’s Pay ——

Major Webb, Extraordinary Gibraltar -

Colonel Nevill’s Bill ——

Mr. Roope, Extraordinaries at Alicant -

Officers additional to Hospital in Spain

Hospitals ----- 29,969 10 9 payableoutofPouudage.

D° Cuatsicorth 11,879 13 q D" Teal - - - 337 7 4

Brigadier Petit, Fortifications Mahone -

Contingencies Gibraltar -

Contingencies several Regiments -

Extraordinaries allowed to Barrymore's Regiment -Contingencies several Regiments -

Sundry Warrants ——

Pay of Officers of SarlancTs Regiment, 8Cc.

Pay of Officers of Wither'sRegiment, fife.

Passed over.

Additional Levy Money -

Grant's Regiment ——

Allowance to Lacour ——

Captain Barry’s Subsistence -

La Bouehetier's Expence in subsisting Recruits

Levy Money, Frank's Regiment { of

Two Days Pay of Creighton’s Regiment

Pay of Officers of Nassau’s Regiment -

Arrears to Prisoners ——

Wroth's Equipage ——

To complete Pay of Officers in America Additional Major to Coldstream Regiment -Officers en Second ——

Officers en Second of the Dragoons in Portugal Passed over.

Nugent's Pay, Part of £. 779. ios. -Off-reckonings ——

Arnutl's Bills ——

Total Sums.

£ x. d.

54,750 2 8

6,237 17 o 5,107 2 10

3>372 17 1

1,602 17 14

8,935 7

2,6x0 6 o

I2>457 4 3

2*°75 3 5 885 19 iof

*>359 *5 9

6,367 10 o

1,205

x,522

11 3i

3 to

i,oqo

8,300

3>4"

8,613

2,452

G379

23.803

2,283

765

380

o

0 16

8

10

1

5

2

o

o

o

o

3

4

o

4

6

9

o

o

1,870 10 o i,926 9 44

250 o o

151 I o

1,731 10 o

23>934 15 9 868 o 6 2,906 8 11 i.54o 13 9

2,500 o o 2»°74 11 5

3.767 15 6

4,80a 14 o

Total

8,322 o 801 5

322 13 18 6

440 4

338 o 7i 9 4,449 18 1,214 14 600 o 899 i5 388 16 2,827 4

2,877 13

0

1

O

3

o

o

o

5

o

o

o

o

6

479 10 0

23,650 18 9,328 6 9

266,32217 14

Voted by Parliament.

£. S. d.

20,35° 17 9 5,107 2 10

2.854 13 4

8,935 7

1,205 11 3 4

Net Voted by Parliament.

*,379

44i 17 o

8,322 o o

440 4 3 338 o o

71 9 o

4,449 18 o

2,827 4 o

£. s. d.

34,399 4

6,237 *7 0

518 3 9

1,602 17 if

2,610

*2,457

6 o 4 3

2,075 3 5 , 885 19 10

1.359 *5 9 6,367 io o

1,522 3 id

56,729 16 84209

1,090 8,300 3,4ii 8,613 2,452 10

o

o

16

8

23,803

2,283

765

380

5

2

O

O

O

o

3

4

0

6

9

o

o

1,870 io 6 1,926 9 250 o o

151 1 0 1,731 IO o

23,934 I^ 9

868 o 6 2*906 8 ti E

1,098 16 9 2,500 o o 2,074 11 5

3,767 15 6

4,802 14 o

8oi 5 2,

322,13 t 1860

1*214 14 600 o

899 *5

388 16

5

o

o

o

2,877 13 6

479 10 0 23,65° 18 5

9,328 6 9

I.S03

A j.

V01. 17*

A STATE

66o

Juttii.

A. 1714.

A STATE of the several Articles in the «d Paper of Demands, amounting £. 153,476. 7 9 which the Committee have agreed to report to the House, as a Debt; shewing how much thereof has been, and how much has not been, voted by Parliament.

Sums Total. Voted by Parliament. Not Voted by Parliament.

£ s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

Forage, by Hay-mans -Passed over. 934 *5 0 954 *5 9

Provisions, Gibraltar ... - - - M54 15 0 - - M54 *5 0

Tropsack ----- - Passed over. 100 0 0 9 m LOU 9 Q

2d Major to the 1st Regiment of Guards - . - J 73 4 0 9 w 73 4 9

Officers of Spanish Regiment - r 4;2o6 1 5 9 9 9 4,206 I

Extraordinary Forage - ♦7,49* 0 5 i I7»49I 9 5 I

Prince of Hesse Bill - - - - ' 2gO % 9 * 9 230 % 9

Wills' Pay - - - - i# 0 9 9 G253 10 9

t it Major A lien - . - 1,202 11 5 i 9 9 1,204 11 5 i

Dormer and Munden, Brigadiers, Pay - - - 945 0 0 9 . 9 9 945 0 0

Sir Daniel Carroll's Horses . - 2,08a 0 9 9 9 2>933 0 Q

Major to the 3d Regiment of Guards - *r - - - 2,4‘4r3 0 9 9 9 78 16 0

Mr. Bennet - - - 7t 9 9 - 2,414 3 7 i

33,o84 *9 81 I7>491 0 5 i I5>593 J9 3

The Elector of Hanover's Demands - - - 65.022 8 8 it^924 6 6 2,098 2 t

Thormarton

luclodure.

Edinburgh ftridges and Highways.

Paterson’s

Claims.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to tlte Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. lliccochs and Mr. Fellowes:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for parting and inclosing Two great open common Fields, and alarge open Greensward Common Down, lying and being in the Manor and Parish of alias

Farmington, in the County of Gloucester; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for upholding and maintaining the Bridges and Highways in the County of Edinburg, without any Amendments. And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for relieving i/illiam Paterson Esquire, out of the Equivalent Money, for what is due to lum, was committed, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the Growth of Schism; and or the further Security of the Church of,

as by Law established; was read the Tlrrd time And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The 1 louse divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tiller, for the Yea, Conin': } 2 36-

Tel, ere for the Noes, }»7.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent the Growth of Schism; and for the further Security of the Church of , as

by. Law established.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Portsmouth, Ordered, That the Report, concerning the Fortifica-hc. t ortifi- tions of Portsmouth, Chatham, and , he taken

ration*. into Consideration Tomorrow Morning: And that the 'Commissioners appointed by her Majesty to make anew .12

*f reventing Growth ol Sciilbll).

flail of the

} loUi-C.

Survey of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as are necessary for the said Fortifications, do then atj tend this House.

Resolved, That this lie use will, upon this Day Fort- Running night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Brandy-House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Running of Brandy.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Southwark Election for the Borough olSouthtcark, be adjourned to Election, this Day Sevennight.

A Petition of the Recorder, Aldermen, chief Traders, jtching and Inhabitants of, in, and about, the City of Winches- Navigation* ter, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the River , alias Itching, made navigable from the Sea to Winchester City, is of great Advantage to the said City and Country, by the cheap and safe Carriage of all Goods and Merchandizes; That, upon the Petition of the Owners, fife, of Land lying near the said River, Leave is given to bring in a Bill to make effectual an Act of the 16th and x 7th Car. lid: And praying no Bill may pass, in Prejudice of the Navigation of the said River; and to be heard, by Counsel; and to offer Reasons against passing any Bill relating thereto.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, and make effectual, an Act, made in the 16th and 17th Years of the Reign of King Charles the lid, intituled, An Act for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise passable, for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels; as far a* the same relates to the River Itchin, alias Itching; is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, iltbey think fit.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

-----" 1 ..... .....1 — T-)

Mercurii, 20 die;

Anno 13* Annas Regime, 1714.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act jhormarto* for parting and inclosing Twogreat open Com- Indotur* mon Fields, and a large open Greensward Common Down, lying and being in the Manor and Parish of Thormarton, alias Farmington, in the County of Gloucester; and for other Purpose.* therein mentioned; wap read the First time.

1

xj Ann.

a0 Junii.

66

Ikhis at land’s End (WhiUaud Hay.)

Tumultuous assembly i* Vc»i:Se', in ])iilucc yard, fce.

Pacenliam

lireiich.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Treranion presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for making an Harbour, and setting up l wo Lights, at the Land's End in: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed. That a Croud of People have, for several Days past, appeared together in a tumultuous and riotous Manner, in the,

Westminster-hall, and Passages to this House;

Ordered, That the Sheriff's of London and Middlesex, and the High Bailiff of the City of Westminster, do take care to disperse any disorderly Assembly of Persons, crouding to the Palace-yard, anil

Passages to this House; and to prevent any such tumultuous Resort for the future.

Ordered, That Colonel Ignatius Nugent, Dame Joyce Nugent, Mr James Rush, Mr. Richard Hicks, Mr. Na-

thanael Rogers, Mr. John Bennett, Mr. John Foster, Mr. Thomas Elkins, Mr. Thomas Pool, Mr. John Toole}), and M r. Jeremy Wakely, do, upon Saturday next, at Twelve a Clock, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual preserving the Navigation of the River of Thames, by stopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, is committed; to testify their Knowledge touching such Matters as shall be required of them, in relation to the said Bill.

cation*.

gable, Was committed, be taken idto Consideration upon Saturday Morning next. > ~-

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Bristol Poor; whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, pas* sed in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William Illd, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City of for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday next, at Twelve a Clock.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the ports«octb( Report made to the Lord High Treasurer of Great Bri- &c. Fortifi-tain, concerning the Fortifications of Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich-, and the Petition of the Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments:

And the Petitioners, and their Counsel, and the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty to makea new Survey of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, necessary for the Fortifications now in being, at Portsmouth,

Chatham, and Harwich, attending, according to Order j

They were called in;

And the said Report and Petition were read:

And the Counsel were heard thereupon:;

And also the said Commissioners were heard.

And then they withdrew.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That she will be pleased to give Directions,

That the Purchase-money agreed for, as a valuableCon-sideration for certain Lands and Tenements vested in Trustees for the Crown, for the better fortifying and securing the Docks and Harbours at Portsmouth, be paid, pursuant to the several Contracts made with the Pro-

Pravbrirk Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the __________ __________

wl'xn'rte^’ House' a 1,1,1 for Kelief of the Exporters of Gold and prietors of the kid 'Lands and Tenemente!

1 ' ‘ P ’ Silver Thread, Lace, and Fringe, Muslms, and Callicoes, And a Motion being made, and the Question being and other Goods therein mentioned, in relation to the put> That an humble Address be presented to her Mar

Drawbacks for the same; and for better securing the ~..... ' - — —

Duties upon several of the said Commodities: And the same was received.

Jxird How's Estate.

Cherry's

Estate.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meller and Mr.

Crlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for rendering valid and effectual Two several Indentures of Demise and Mortgage, executed by Scroope, late Lord Viscount How, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, by virtue of a former Act of Parliament, made for enabling him thereunto, notwithstanding some Defects therein: To w such the Lords desi re the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenement s, and Hereditaments, contained in the Marriage Settlement of Francis Cherrtj Gentleman, deceased, and Elizabeth his Wife; and for the converting the same into ready Money for the Benefit of his Wife and Children; and for the Sale of divers other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Payment of the Debts of the said Francis Cherry, and of the Debts of in Cherry Esquire, deceased; and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of poor Insolvent Debtors was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to $*vigation. 'whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

79' ^68.

losnlrcnt

Debtors.

jesty, That she will be pleased to give Directions, That the Purchase-money agreed for, as a valuable Consideration forcertain Lands and Tenements vested in Trustees for the Crown, for the better fortifying and securing the Docks and Harbours at Chatham, be paid, pursuant to the several Contracts made with the Proprietors of the said Lands and Tenements;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

f Sir 77/o. Mackworth,

( Mr. Hutcheson: f Sir Edward Knatchbull,

I Mr. Lee:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mellor and Mr.

Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Regulating for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in Land Force*/, her Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters; without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Supply. Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next. Duty on at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Lawn», Cn*i the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining an Act for va*’ laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported intothe same; and uponche-

ioth and 1 ith Years of the Reign of King Wm. inti- quered and striped Linens imported; and upon certain tilled. An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navi- stained: and upon several kinds of stampt Vellum, Parch-Vo*,. 17. $F ment.

6$ i — 3

ment, a*d Pbper; And upon certain printed Pamphlets and Advertisements; for raising the Sam :of Eighteen hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a Lottery; and for other Purpose* in the said Act mentioned; so far as

the £ame Delates to Lawns, Canvas, Buckrams, Barras, and Silesia Neckcloths; and nothing to intervene.

Sax Gotha Mr. Gxcynn, Secretary at War, presented to the House,

Troops. by her Majesty’s Command, a Report concerning the Troops of tire puke of Gotha, in her Majesty’s Service:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Report is as follows; viz.

To the most honqurableRo&er/Earl of Or/brd and Earl Mortimer, p>rd High Treasurer of Great Britain. May it please your Lordship,

JN Obedience to your Lordship’s Order of Reference, dated the 25th Instant, and signified to me by Mr. Lowndes, on the Memorial of John Hallungius Esquire, Minister of his Highness the D. of Saxe Gotha; wherein hesets jbrth, That, being sent by his said Highness to adjust and solicit the Payment of the Arrears due to his Troops, lately employed in her Majesty’g Service m Italy, upon examining the Votes of Parliament, of the 3d of June last, in jvhich the Sum only o(£. 9,300. i2r. 6d. is voted foV the Ordinary pay of the said Troops, from the 2 ad December, preceding, to the time of their Dismission; including One Month’s pay for their Return; he finds that, in that Computation, no Consideration is had of what is stipulated by the 10th Article of the Treaty, for the Two Months Advertisement to be given them, before their March; his said Highness being reciprocally pbliged, by the 16 Article of the said Treaty, to give the like Notice of Two Months, before hecould take the said Troopsqut ofher Majesty’s Service; therefore humbly hopes Payment may be ordered of the said Twq Months ordinary Pay, pursuant to the Treaty, amounting to the Sum of Fifty-six thousand One hundred Eighty-five Guilders, according to the Establishment; and that such proper Method maybe takeu, as tjiqt this Sun?, together with the Extraordinaries, may provided for this present Session of Parliament.

' I do humbly report to your Lordship, That I find, as is represented in the said Memorial, the Sum of Nine Thousand Three hundred Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence was voted, the last Year, by Parliament, for har Majesty’s Share; being a Moiety of the Pay of 2,600 Men, of the Troops of his Highness the D. of Saxe Gotha, ffom the 22d of Deceviber 1712, to the 3d of April foil, inch when they were dismissed her Majesty’s Service; and for One Month’s Pay more to be allowed the.no on their Dismission, according to the Treaty; which Demand appears to have been founded on a Declaration made by her Majesty’s Plenipotentiaries at IItvecht, dated the 14th of April 1713, N. S.; That his Said Highness the Duke of Saxe Gotha, was then at Liberty to cause his said Troops to march out of Italy, and to dispose of them as he pleased, they being no longer engaged in her Majesty’s Service:

But Mr. Hallungiusalleges. That, in that Computation, no Consideration is had of what is stipulated by the Treaty for the Two Months Advertisement to be given them before their March.

I have perused the said Treaty; and do find, in the . 1 oth A rticle thereof, it is expressed. That upon the Con-

elusion of the Peacc, his highness shall have Two Months Notice given, before his Troops put themselves on their March for their Return home; and shall be paid all their , Arrears before their Dismission: And in the t ithArticle , it isstipulated, That, upon sending back the said Troops,

they shall be paid One Month’s Pay for their March home: As also, in the 16 Article of the said Treaty, his Highness is reciprocally obliged to give the like Notice of Two Months, before he could take his Troops out ofher Majesty’s Service, as is alleged in the Memorial: But it-does not appear; That any Notice was given

them, according to the 1 oth Article aforesaid, by which they ought to have had Two Months, other than the Declaration of her Majesty ^Plenipotentiaries of thet4th of April 1713, N. S.: So that, in the Estimate given in to Parliament last Year, the Account of their Pay was determined on the Day of the Date of the said Declaration, with One Month’s Allowance more for their March-money, according to the Tenor of the nth A:* ticle of the said Treaty, without any Regard to the said Two Months Notice; and a Certificate is now produced to me, from the Bishop of London, testifying. That the Declaration afore-mentioned, made by his Lordship, and the Earl of Strafford, concerning the Two Regiments of the Duke of Saxe Gotha, paid by her Majesty, importing, That the Service of the said Two Regiments was no longer needed, was not intended to determine any other Point or Article in the Treaty, by which the said Troops were taken into the Service: And as these Troops were actually in Italy, at the time the said Declaration was made at Utrecht;

I humbly submit it to your Lordship, whether, considering the Distance of time before they could receive Notice of that Declaration, and the length of their March afterwards to his Highness’s Dominions, they ought not to be allowed the said Two Months, pursuant to the Treaty; their Pay for which Time amounting, according to the Establishment, to 56,185 Guilders; and, at 10 Guil, 10 St. to the Pound Sterling, to Five thousand One hundred Seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings;

All which is humbly submitted to your Lordship,

28th May 1714.

Francis

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee ‘ of the whole House, who are to consider further of the S upply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Bead, Sir Itching

Mr. Wilson, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Foley, Sir Tho. Wheat, Navi8at*<ah Colonel Stephens, Mr. Kenyon, Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr.

Fleehbood, Mr. Lawson, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, and make-effectual, an Act, made in the 16 and 17th Years of the Reign of King Charles lid, intituled, An Act for making 'di vers Rivers navigable, or otherwise passable, by Boats, Barges, and other Vessels; as far as the same relates to the River Itchin, alias Itching, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisr^dieyunity Anno 13* Annas Reginae, 1714.

P a a y E it s.

AN ingrossed Bill to take away the new additional Duty on Duty of 30. per Centum, ad valorem, imposed Books iu»*

upon all Books and Prints imported into Great Britain, P(,rted-by an Act made in the 10th Year of the Reign of her present Majesty Queen Anne, was read the Third time!

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the title be,

An Act to takeawayr the new additional Duty of^.30 per Cent.ad valorem, imposed upon aliBooks and Prints imported into Great Britain, by an Act made in the iotli Year of the Reign of her present Majesty Queen

Ordered, That Sir IVm. WJtitlocke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act i,onj n0wV for rendering valid and effectual Two several Indentures Estate, of Demise and Mortgage, executed by Scroope late Lord Viscount J/aw, in the Kingdom of deceased, by

virtue of a farmer Act of Parliament, made for enabling

him

Tewkesbury

Writ.

Edwin's Debt to the Crown.

Itching

Navigation.

Leave of Absence*

Bangor, &c. Mortuaries*

laws relating to Vagrants.

3° Junii. 66$

grants, and sending them whither they ought to be sight: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upost Saturday Morning next.

13 Amt.

him thereunto, notwithstanding some defects therein, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Texoin the County of

Gloucester, in the room of Charles Dowdesioell Esquire, deceased.

A Bill to impower the Eord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the time being, to compound with Thomas Edwin, of Merchant, foT

such Debts as he stands bound for, as Surety for Thomas Coleman Tobacco-merchant, was read a Second tipie.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commitee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the chief Traders and Inhabitants of, in, and about, the Town of Whitcin the County of Southampton, waspresented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the River It chin, alias Itching, made navigable from the Sea to Winchester City, is of great Advantage to Whitchurch, by the cheap and safe Carriage of all Goods and Merchandize to and from the said City* and to the Increase of Navigation: That, upon a Petition of several Owners, &c. of Land lying near the said River, Leave is given to bring in a Bill to explain, and make more effectual, an Act, of the iGth and 17th lid/, intituled, An Act for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise passable, for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, against any Bill to be brought in, in Prejudice thereto.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, and make effectual, an Act, made in the 16th and 17th Years of the Reign of King Charles lid, intituled, An Act for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise passable, by Boats, Barges, and other Vessels; so far as the same relates to the River Itching, alias Itc; is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee, thereupon, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Fawkes have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Jennings reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for taking away Mortuaries within the Dioceses of Bangor, Landqff', St. Davids, and St. Asaph, and giving a Recompence therefor to the Bishops of the said Dioceses; and for confirming several Letters Patents granted by her Majesty for perpetually annexing a Prebend of Gloucester to the Mastership of Remhroke-college in Oxford, and a Prebend of Rochester to the Provostship of Oriel-college in Oxford, and a Prebend of Norioich to the Mastership of Catharine-hall in Cambridge-, was committed: That they had examined the Bill; and bad made some Amendments to it; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read: and are as follow; viz.

Press 7. L. 20. After " of" leave out " and insert " the Holy and undivided Trinity in;" awl, after " Norwich," add " of the Foundation of King " Edward the 6th."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the Housed

Mr. Chetwynd presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Va-Vol. 17.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to Colonial-Order, a Bill to prohibit the importing Rum, Sugar, and Trade. Molosses, of foreign Plantations, to any of the British Plantations; and to subject Logwood and Cocoa-nuts, of foreign Plantations, to the same Restrictions as Sugar, and other enumerated Commodities of the British Plantations, are subject unto: And the same was received.

A Bill for the better' Support and Maintenance of Curates Curates within the Church of England, who supply the Mainte-Places of Rectors and Curates not residing upon their nance* Rectories and Vicarages, Was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, Thai the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. ’

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Publick taking, examining, and stating, the publick Debts of the Account*' Kingdom: And that Sir George Beaumont, Sir Edward Knalchbu/l, and Mr. Finch, do prepare, and bring ini the same.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do provide a Clause or Clauses in the said Bill, for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and delet*-mine, the Debts due to the Army, Transport-service, and Sick and Wounded;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers JI?5;

Tellers for the Noes,$- } ,8.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Dormer and

Mr. B roaming:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bril, intituled, An Act for Brown's vesting Part of the Estate of Wm. Broivn, an Infant, Estate, lying in the Parishes of Bridgzcater, North Petherton, and Weston Zoyland, in the County of Somerset, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment a Mortgage, and other Debts and Legacies: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And httve also passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Dopree’sNat, naturalizing Samuel Dupree .'To which they desire the Cooeurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Medlycot, according to Outer, reported from thch Weymouth Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as; Election, it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the County of Dorset, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they bad directed to be reported to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and after* wards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table.

Where the said Report and Resolutions were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir1 Thomas Hardy Knight,

Wm.Harvey Esquire, John Ward and Reginald Marriott Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return of the honourable Daniel Harvey, and John Baker, James Littleton, and Betts,

Esquires, for tire Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb R.gisx in the County of Dorset:

Upon

664

3° Junit.

A. 1714.

Weymonth Upon the 26th of April the Committee proceeded to ection. hear the Merits of this Election:

the Petitioners Counsel alleged, the Right of Election is in the Mayor, Aldemten, Bailiffs, Capital Burgesses, and Freeholders, having a Freehold in the Corporation: The Sitting Members Counsel alleged it to be in the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Bailiffs, Capital Burgesses, Town-clerk, and Freeholders, having a Freehold in the Corporation: ‘

The Counsel on both Sides submitted the Right of Election to be according to the Determination of the House of Commons in the last controverted Election; and did not farther contest this Point.

The Poll was, for the Sitting Members, thus;

The honourable Daniel //umj/ Esquire - 301: Mr. Baker - - - 308:

Mr Littleton ----- 340: Mr. Betts - - - 323.

For the Petitioners thus;

Sir Tho. Hardy - - - - 147:

iAr, Wm. Harvey - - - - 172:

Mr. Ward - - - - 169':

Mr. Marriott - - - 162.

The Committee found themselves discharged, by Order of the House, from proceeding upon so much of the said Petition as relates to Mr. Ward.

' The Petitioners Counsel admitted Mr. Littleton was duly chosen:

'1 hey complained of Partiality in the Mayor against the Petitioners; and alleged, They should add 59 to their Poll, and take off 165 from the Sitting Members Poll: And called,

Mr. Thomas Cowperjunior: Who said, He took the Poll for the Mayor: That the Mayor rejected above 100 Voters for the Petitioners, and admitted a great many of the same Date for the Sitting Members:

That many Voters for the Petitioners came from distant Places, with Conveyances just wrote; of which they would give no Account; nor whether they were in Possession; nor whether the Grantors had a Freehold: Several for the Petitioners were split Votes, and from Grantors who had only Leaseholds:

That the first splitting of Votes for this Borough, which began to be any-way notorious, was in October 1710: In 1711 they went farther; and, in this last Election, they went as far as, he thinks, they could go, on all Sides: That he believes the new Votes on all Sides are of the same Nature: There are upon the Poll 58 new Votes for the Petitioners, and 186 for the Sitting Members: He could not tell how many of the Petitioners Voters are bad; but said, Those made in 1710 are of the same Nature with those made since.

Then Negative Questions were moved; and, being insisted upon, wereput, and passed in the Negative: Which, if thereby made affirmative Resolutions, are thus;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That those Persons who had no Right of voting in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Weymouth and in the County of

Dorset, at Lady-day 1710; and not claiming by Purchase for a valuable Consideration, or by Will, or Descent, since that Time; had a Right to vote in the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

Resolved, That, it appearing to this Committee, That divers scandalous and illegal Practices have been lately carried on, in the Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the County of Dorset, to multiply Votes, in order to the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament; it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all such Persons, whose Votes were not admitted at the Determination of the last contested Election in Parliament for the said Borough, and who have not acquired a Right by Descent or Devise since that time, had a Right of voting in the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

Upon the 2Sth of A the Committee met again.

The Petitioners Counsel proceeded to add 59 to their Poll:

It appeared by the Evidence of Tho. Knapton, and George Gould, That those 59 Persons did tender their Votes for the Petitioners, and were rejected by the Mayor.

Twenty-nineofthoseVotersclaimed by Deeds; which, having been read in the House upon the controverted Election in 1711; were therefore admitted to be read in the Committee; and are ns follow;

In 1710, dat. 12 and 13 September, Richard Code, by Lease and Release from Edward Glover, and his Wife:

15 January, Jonathan Cotnbden, John Gyles

Combden, Robert Byott, and William Combden, from Joan Mansell, by several leases for her Life, with Livery and Seisin indorsed:

15th and 16th January, Dan junior, by Lease and Release from Daniel Arden his Father:

1 and 2d March, George Clarke, by Lease and Release from Joan Bartlett:

2 and 3d March, John Hardy, by Lease and Release from Thomas Gerard junior; and James Shorto, by Lease and Release from James H:

And John Hardy, Win. Thornton, Tho. Gape, John Knapton, Robert Weave, Richard Geo. A hing-

ton, Tho. Ironside, Edward Cooper, Joseph Hardy,

Geale, and Morgan Harbin, by Leases and Releases from Margaret Ledozc:

5th Mar. Elias Read and John Foster from Ossett, by Feoffment in Fee, with Livery and Seisin indorsed:

6th Mar. John Savnvaysbv Feoffment in Fee, with Livery and Seisin indorsed, from Richard And

Wm.Andrews from Man/ Marsha!!, by Feoffment for her Life, with Livery and Seisin indorsed:

6th and 7th Mar.John Pitt and John Stone, from

x' erex Beale, by Feoffment lor Life of Beale, with Livery and Seisin indorsed:

12th March, John Seagcr, from Mary Curtice, by F«> offmentfor her Life, with Livery and Seisin indorsed.

Charles Langrish is one of the subscribing Witnesses to 25 of these Deeds.

Tho Petitioners Counsel proceeded to add to their Poll Nine others of the 59 rejected Voters: And called,

Mr. Charles I.avgrish:Who said, That

has a Freehold, which was conveyed to him by his Brother Richard, by Lease and Release: That Richard voted in the last contested Election; and, upon that Controversy, his Deed was produced at the Bar of the House: The Witness drew the Conveyance to Wm.; there was a Receipt upon it: He did not see any Money paid: He said, If*m. Flann bad the Conveyance; and had a Tenant in Possession at the Time of this last Election; but could not say his Deed was lost:

That George Pyke has a Freehold Tenement by Lease and Release from John Croom; but knew nothing of Pyke's Possession:

That Robert Pearse has a Freehold House by Lease and Release from John Cooper, which lie saw executed the 25th of July last: He don’t know Pcarsc has Possession:

That Wm. Robarts has a Freehold from Daniel Arden: And

Robert Coombs, who is dead since the Election, had ft Freehold from 7 ho mas Ethered: And Henry Hopkins, Edmund Taunton, Robert and John Benfei'd, had also Freeholds; and that all their Deeds were likewise produced, and read in the House upon the last Controversy.

Cross-examined , lie says. That he docs not know that any of these Voters have lost their Deeds, or parted with their Freeholds: nor did he know of any Consideration-money paid: He only brought up their Deeds upon the former Controversy; and said. He took them to be very good and statutable Freeholds.

'lVn

13 Ann.

3° Junii.

66s

Ten others of the rejected Voters for the Petitioners claimed by the following Conveyances in Fee;

1708, 7 Feb. John Thorn by Feoffment in Fee, with Livery and Seilin indorsed, from Peter , and his Wife:

1710, 13th and 14th July, by Lease

and Release from Thomas Loader:

1 ft and 2d August. Robert Gby Lease and Release

from Thomas Loader:

19th and 20th July, Thomas ,by Lease and

Release from John Thrupp:

2d and 3d August, Samuel by Lease and Re*

lease from John Pollard:

9th January, Joseph Sanger, by Feoffment in Fee, with Livery and Seilin indorsed, from John,

and his Wife:

3d March, Francis Hamlin, by Feoffment in Fee, With Livery and Seilin indorsed, from Daniel Arden senior: 10th March, Wm. Farr, by Feoffment in Fee, with Livery and Seisin indorsed, from Mary Farr

1711, 3 and th December, Wm. by Lease

and Release from Samuel Manfell:

1713, 1 and 2d July, John Tibbs, by Lease and Re* lease from Richard Oliver.

Mr. Charles Langrish, one of the subscribing Witnesses, proved the Execution of Six of those Deeds; but said. He did not fee any of the Consideration-monies paid, except by Two; who were Thomas Randall and Wm. Hammond ;He knew Three had actual Possession; who were Wm. Farr (one of those Six), and Samuel Manfell, and John Thorn-, and that Thorn has had Pofi'eflion ever since 1708.

Mr. Samuel Manfell, a Witness to the Deeds to Francis Handing and John Tibbs, said. He saw those Deeds executed, and Possession delivered; but did not fee any Money paid.

As to the remaining 11 rejected Votes j the Petitioners Counsel produced the following Witnesses:

Mr. Samuel Manfell said, Thomas Purse had been 10 Years in Possession; and has voted before.

Mr. Langrifi said, Richard Green and James Sadler have Freeholds byDefcent from their Fathers, and are in Possession:

That Thomas Whatley and Deverex have been 20 Years in Possession of Freeholds; and are old Voters: That John Manfell is an old Voter:

That George Eujlace voted for a Freehold conveyed to him by Ralph Carter in November 1711, for which Carter voted in 1710:

That Peter Jolliffe and Jacob Pope have Freeholds; the First in Right of his Wife; the other in Right of his Mother (Co-heireffes of Jacob,) j and that Jolliffe and Pope are old Voters:

That Thomas Farr has been 10 Years in Possession of a Freehold; and is an old Voter:

That the Mayor rejected these old Voters, because they came without their Deeds.

Upon the 30th of April the Committee met again. The Petitioners Counsel proceeded to add Ralph Henvilleto their Poll.

Mr. Langrish said. That Ralph Henville voted for a Piece of Land in his Possession, called which pays a Rent to the Town; and for which the Herwilles have voted 25 Years.

Richard Woodcock, who took Minutes, at the Election, for the Petitioners, said. The Mayor objected against Ralph Henville, That the Title to Henville's-land was not in him, but in his Uncle: The next Day the Uncle voted under a Conveyance from Mrs. Ledoze-, and fa~ tisfied the Mayor, that he had no Title to this Land; but that the Title was in Ralph Henville.

Then the Petitioners Counsel proceeded todifqualify 165 Voters for the Sitting Members: And called, Martha Gladwell: Who named 14 of those Voters; and said. They were treated at the Crown, in the time of the Election, by Mr. Richards, who was Agent for the VOL. 17.

Sitting Members; and paid the Reckoning, which came t0jC-5- 4 d:

The Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Freeholders of the Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the County of Dorset, made since the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in April 1711, unless claiming by Devise or Descent, had any Right of voting in the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough. Upon the Third of May the Committee met again, and came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Conveyances to splitand divide the Interest in any Houses or Lands in the Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis among several Persons, in order to multiply Voices at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, are illegal, and void.

The Petitioners Counsel objected against 151 of the Sitting Members Voters, as Freeholders, made since the Election in April 1711, not claiming by Devise or Descent, and bad Votes.

Mr. Cozvpersaid, That he truly wrote down, upon

the Mayor’s Poll, the Years in which the Voters Deeds produced at the Election were dated:

By which Poll it appeared, That 14 voted for the Sitting Members by Conveyances dated in 1712, and 97 others by Conveyances dated in 1713:

Those in 1712 were Benjamin Way, Richard Garland, Richard Brixey, Benjamin Whiting, Edward Goteham, John Andrews junior, Edward Crocker, Joseph Way, John Frankland, Samuel Templeman, James Browne, Marmaduke Tizard, George Pitt, Bartho. Peach:

Those in 1713 were Geo. Richards Esquire, Tho. Meech, Tho. Purse, Geo. Carter, Tho. Robert Henley,

Wm.Tucker, Richard Channing junior, John Crumplicr, Samuel Derby, John Polden, Peter Templeman, John Batten, Tho. Morrife, Benja. Bragg, John Saben, Peter kins, Edward Keetch, Samuel Cox, Robert Smith, theio Paul, Bernard Banger, John Peckest, Andrew Warren, Tho. Nolting, Tho. Stone, Benja. Henry

Davis, Daniel Sherry, Richard Langhorn, John Lang-horn, Wm. Noffard, John Andre Daniel junior,

John Clare, John Squire, Morgan Dcvenish, John

John Foiled, Step. Bowditch, Hcniy Seymour Esquire, John Rofe, Wm.Pyke, JoJhuaColefox, Alexander Waker, Bernard Newman, Daniel Cox, Geo. Gibbs, Giles Meach, Daniel Moore, Robert Batten, Andrew Way, John Morey, Robert Oliver junior, John Colefox, John Hounfell, Henry

Nye, Nicho. Pearson, James.Langhorn, Robert Jennings, Wm. Samways, Josiah Norman, Robert Roper junior. Geo. MaJlers, Richard Gallop, Wm. Beere, John Lovelace, Tho. Tapp, Robert Lefier, Nath. Holland, Wm. Bellman, Nicho. Eyres, Joseph Richard

ning, John Barrett, Wm. Sheppard, Jasper Seager, Robert Higgens, John Beale, Henry Creech, John Mitchell Esquire, Wm. Peircy, Wm. John Gray, John

White, Wm. Paddock, Theodore Aubie, Richard Roun-fevalle, John Browne, John Iloioard, Sydenham Thornhill, Wm. Palfary, Leonard Enoch Forlcfcue

junior, Geo. Garrett, Wm. Bayle Wm. Hallett.

Geo. Gould said, That Francis Bennett and Elias Daw voted by Deeds dated the ift and 2d July 1711, and John Cheevely by Deeds dated the ift and 2d July 1713.

Richard Wffodcock said. That 15 voted by Conveyances dated in 1711, after the Election in that Year; viz.Wm. Turner, Geo. Luckham, John Bunter, Abraham

Gray, Jonas Whetcomb, Sam. Gray, DanielGundty, John War man, Oliver Hayward, Wm. Bayley, Giles Lawrence, Enoch Fortescue, John Denning, Wm. Lacy, Lionel Browne:

And that Seven voted by Conveyances dated in 1713; viz. James George, John Jjock, Joseph Randall, John Bejl, Wm. JVallis,. Arthur Patten, John Read.

Mr. Langrish said, He has been conversant in former ’ Polls, and has Copies of those in 1710 and 17x1; and

8 G that

Weymouth

Election.

666 3" Junii. A. 1714.

jvvvmeujji that be never knew these 12 Pertjans vote before this 'hp. Purse bad only a Mortgage for Years, and £lefUon. Election; viz. Geo. Hawker Esquire, Nath. Templeman, Livery and Seisin not executed:

Wm. Smirke, Tho. Lillletpn Esquire, Henry HunterRickard. Green would not shew any Title, and his

Esquire, Richard Leuffqck Esquire, Bartho. Peach, Mother was ip Posseflk>n:

Edward Latimer, Tho. Braine, Sain. Cooke, Robert Thomas Whatley produced a Conveyance to Town, in

fiowler Esquire, John Curtife: *674; wkhaA/emor<wtewroiO|dorsed, That Tjtwwehadcon-

That John Humphrys has only a ChatteHeafe; and veyed to him; but no such Conveyance was produced: that Richard Kellaway and Samuel Martin bad fold Deverex Beale had only a Lease for Years: John their Freeholds before the Election. Deed was in 17131 and Geo.

Upon the jth of May the Committee met again. the 5th and 6th November 171 j:

The Sitting Members Counsel infilled, That uone of Peter Jolliffe shewed no Title: It was alleged the the 59 Voters, rejected by the Mayor, ought to be added Freehold was in Wadden: And, to the Petitioners Poll; for that all their Deeds are was rejected, because the Inheritance is ia

fraudulent, no Consideration-money having ever been his Mother, and be has no Title before her Death: And, jpaid, nor any Possession had under them: Ralph Henville produced no Title; but only aCertifi-

And, to disqualify those 59, they called, cate from Mr. Langrish, That he had a Freehold in a

Mr. Cowper: Who said, That John Stone voted under Hpufe that was pulled down.

Beale, who had but a Mortgage for 1,000 Years from This farther Evidence again# 24 of those Voters meo-Thorn -, and that he read Beal's Title-deeds at the tioned by Mr. Read was also produced; viz.

Election. Mr. Cowper said, He read Deeds at the EJec-

James Fry and Robert Henley laid, John Samways tion; they were Lease and Release from James Hunt;

voted for a House of which Richard Fojfey has been the Consideration was mentioned to be paid by Seven Years in Possession. garet and flie js the Grantee in the Deed.

Mr. Read, who took Notes at the Election, on the Mr. Pafhen said, That George Clark has ofteu declared

Sitting Members Side, gave the following Accqunt of to him, That he never paid any Money for the Teue-the Voters which the Petitioners would add; and why ment conveyed to him by Joan Bartlett-, and that be those Voters were rejected; viz. was an qccafional Vote made in 1710.

That Richard Colie was rejefled, because Edward Mr. Coxvper said, Joan Hatband died about

Glover had voted for the same Premises: 14 or 15 Years ago; Three of his Sons are living: That

The Five claiming under Joan Manfell were re- fell. One of those Sons, is his Heir at Law:

jested, as fraudulent and void Deeds, because Ihe had He did not know whether Manfell made a Will, nor no Title: who is in Possession.

Daniel Arden junior-, because a split Vote; being Part Mr. Pajhen said, Francis TJamling told him, He voted of the Golden Lyon, for which his Father bad voted: for Part of the Golden Lyon, for which he never paid any

George Clarke; because he could not shew any Title Consideration-money; and that he bad no Right to vote, in Joan Bartlett, the Grantor: Mr. Cowper said, That James was difall owed

John Hardy-, because a split Vote, made by Thomas upon the Scrutiny; because Combden bad voted under Jerrard; and the Deed mentioned Jerrard to be in Pof- a Conveyance from him:

session: That Thomqs Whatley produced a Conveyance to

James Shorto-, because a void Deed from James Hunt-, another Person; but could not produce any Title from the Hqbendum being to Margaret Ledoze, who was also that Person to himself.

mentioned in t)ie Deed to be the Grantor: Mr. Pajhen said, lie knows, of his own Knowledge,

The 12 claiming under Margaret l edoze were re- that the inheritance of what Peter Jolliffe voted for is jedted; because flie had only a Leasehold: in Wand that Jolliffe had fold the i'ceeliold for

Elias Read and John Fofier; because they were split which he formerly voted:

Votes under Thomas Offett, who had voted: That Ralph Henville never voted before; he pretend-

IVm. Andrews; because Mary Mqrshall, the Grantpr, ed to vote for some Lands that were his Uncle’shut was proved to be in Possession: never produced any Title: Apd the Witness laid, He

John Seagcrsaid, His Title had been proved in Pari ia- knew it to be Perrin's Estate. went; but that he knew npt where his Laud lay: it appeared by the Inventory of the Goods and Cliat-

Wm. Flann voted by Deeds dated 16th and 17U) July tels of Thomas Ledoze, decensed, exhibited in February

1711; and was rejected, because Richard Flapn, the 1700, by Margaret Jpdqze his Aduainiftratrix, That big Grantor, was at Sea a long time before and nt that time; Title to the Houses called The Square, in Melcomb

George Tyke, Robert Coombs, Henry Hopkins, Robert Regis, was a long Lease.

Frampton, and John Beifeild, voted by I)eeds dated in The Petitioners Couqfql admitted this was a Lease--

1713: hold Eftpte at that time; but alleged, That Margaret

Robert Pegrfe, by Deed since the Election in 1711: Ledoze afterwards purchased the Inheritance; and that Wm. Robarts, a split Vote, by Daniel Arden: her Title was prpduced at the Bar of the House in the

Edmund Taunton produced no Deed, and would not last Controversy. say, whether be was in Possession qr not: They admitted 12 Persons voted under her for Tene-

John Thom, James Sadler, gnd Thomas Farr, were meqts in this Square; and alleged, they were good

queried upon the Poll: Freeholds.

Richard Legg and Robert Gibbs were rejected, because Thp Sitting MembersCounfel proceeded to disqualify

Thomas Loader, the Grantpr, was in Poflpfiion of what 68 upon the Petitioners Pqll; 36 of which the Petitioners Legg voted for; and Wm- Wiggai, another Grantee from Copnfel admitted did vote under Deeds dated since the leader, had voted for what Gibbs claimed to vote: Election in April 1711; viz. Wm. Salmon, John Pol-

Tho. Randall was rejected, because of a Defect ip his lard, Tho. junior, John Morton, John Marlin,

Title: Robert Sharpe, John Whitell, John Crome, John Steven-

Samuel Manfell had fqld to his Brother, who had J~on> Simon Durant, Nqth. Gould, Robert Elliott, Wm. voted for the same House: Pond, Chr. Wade, John Cullen, Henry John

Joseph Sanger rejected; it being notorious the Grantpr , Wm. Humfrys, James unior, Hen-

had only a Leasehold: Robert Coker, Daniel Clerk, Simon

Francis Hamling and Wm. Farr-, because they were Reginald Corbin, Richard Mitchell, John Ferry,

split Votes: Owen Lance, Robert Bartholomew, Robert Shaddock,

Wm.diamond's Deeds were dated 3d and 4th Decern- Hump. Jolliffe, Richard Oliver, Wm. Deane, Copus At- ber 17 x 1; well, John Wm. Harvey, Henry Stone:

John Tibbs, ill and 2d July 1713: But that Mr. m. Harvey, one of those 36, voted for the

13 Ann.

3" — 4° Junii.

fop Sitting Members Mr. Lhtklon, imd M>- Harpey&ndand thereupon promised to give Evidence offois Matter Weymouth

for the petitjouersSiir TI(o. Hardy o-ydMr. Ward:And, v r - iL~ ‘ J — *" "

Mr. Read said, Joseph Clarke, another of the Petitioners Voters, polled by Peed dated in 1713.

As to 14 others, who voted for the Petitioners, the Sitting Members Counsel called,

Mr. Read, Mr. Cotoper, James Fry, and Wm. Hoplon:

"Whose Evidence was. That Eight; viz. Robert Browne,

Thomas Bijhoft, James Lintern, Henry Robinson, John

Scovell, Charles Young, Thomas Combden, and William

Lacy; were split Votes, and fraudulent:

John Sherfion and James Gould owned they had no

Tithe:

bqlfrnerCrofs, Hvftfry fiflrdy, and Jonathon ledoze,

Voted for Leafebolds: And,

F/dyiyrd Rearfejunior was queried, feocftufe jm Title appeared dpubtfo).

before the Committee; but the next day be said, He Ueftwe. should not obey the Summons; fof be had better con-Cdered of it, and would not come.

The Committee caipe to the following Refelutions;

vis,.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That the honourable Daniel fiarvey Esquire is not duly

elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the County of TJorfet.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Baker Esquire is not duly elected a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That James Littleton Esquire is duly elected a Burgess

As to 13 others; viz.Harry Chaffin, Esquire, Tho- to serve in this pfefent Parliament for the said Borough ffws flopfovod, Henry Atwell, Wm. Freeh*. Aug.White, of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis.

H L *B eJ T JTf WM /y 11 & fr^ rfwsi rtM J W /> f^r\ / «M/)/7 HP n 4"

Richard Lance, Wm. Wiggptt, Goo. Edward

Pearfe senior, John White, John Meech, Wm.

Robert Arbuthnott;

Mr. Cowper said, Those 13 jv.ere queried by the Mayor upon the Poll, for not producing a Title in the Grantors; and that he afterwards allowed them upon the Scrutiny, though they did not appear, nor produce any Title there.

Cross-examined; he said. That, upon the Scrutiny,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Wm. Betts Esquire is pot <foly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for (the said Borough of Weymouth, and Melcomb Regis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Tho. Hardy Knight is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Rpgis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

the Mayor turned to the Minutes of the Poll, taken by That Wm. Esquire is duly elected a Byrgefs tp

Mr. Read, for the Sitting Members; and the Mayor serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough then allowed such as he found were in Possession, and of Weymouth apd Melcomb Regis. such as he thought had good Titles. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

To qualify Eight of the Sitting Members Voters, ob- That Reginald Esquire is duly elected ft Buf-

jested to as claiming by late Titles; gefs to serve in this present Parliament for the said

Mr. Cowper, and Mr. Read faift, That those Eight Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis.

areold Voters, and voted in former Elections; viz. John Meech, Richard KeUaway, John Curtice, Cooke, Arthur Patleii, Tho. Braipe, Edward Lailiiner, John

Reede.

JoJmPo.Ufird said. That Samvel Manjell lent to him, arid gave bi*n Two Writing?, which he carried baejk when he voted; and that he saw several Deeds lie upon the Table, ferae half wrote, and others hut in part: The Consideration of his Deed was mentioned to he

Ordered, That the Cferk of foe Crown do attend this Mopfe Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the County of Dorset, by rafing put foe Names of Daniel Harvey Esquire, John Baker Esquire, and Esquire: apd inferring the Names of Sir Tho. Hardy Knight, Wm. Harvey Esqyirp, apd Reginald Marriot Esquire, ipstead thereof.

f. 30; but he never ppid any thing; He voted in 1711, and saw po Deed thep: He voted for the Petitioners by Order of his Matter Mr. Benjamin Gibbs, who told hup he bad Land; but he never bought any.

Wm. Combs said, His Matter gave him the Writings he voted by upon the same Morning the Election was, and took them back again when he had voted.

To prove Brihery in the Petitioners the following Witnesses were called; yip.

John Hvjfey: Who said, The Petitioners of ere bound in ft Bond of £. 1,000 Penalty, for building the Brpjgp at Weymouth

Fabiq,n Green laid, He took a 6th Part of foe Bridge tobuijd; but did no Work; Bartlett, who employed hun, paid him f3idi and Bichqrd Berry, who bftd foe ordering that Work, discharged him, bepayfe fee jvo«dd not vole for the Petitioners: Thftt fee befeey.es the Bridge coll above £.500; apd that foe Petitioner? gained Five or Six, of more, Votes fey it.

Mr. Pafhen said, The Petitioners asked his Vote; and told him. They hoped to have it, because they built the Bridge: That foe Bridge gained Jerrard, and a great many other Votes, for foe Petitioners.

Mr. Cpwper jsaid, Thftt James Hardy declared, ffe voted for the Petitioners because foey built feim a good Bridge to walk over.

It appeared by the Evidence of and

bert IJenley, That The. OJfelt declared, That Mr* Lah~ griffiand Mr. Manfell offered him Two Guineas ip vofo for the Petitioners; and be complained they had not tried him hand fern, ely^or that afterwards they gave ban but One Guinea:

That Q/Jett was served with an Order of the Committee, so attend as a Witness for fop Silting Members; Voi. 17*

The other Orders of the Day seeing read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, Wife's DeL? at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of to the the whole House, upon foe Bill to iropower the Lord Crown.

High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Robert Wife, and his Sureties, for the Debts which he owes her Majesty, or ftftods bound for, as Surety for Customs on Tobacco.

Resolved, That foi? House will, upon Wednesday Endowing Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Vicarages by wfeole House, upon the Rill for making Inclosares of h*closures. feme Part of the Common Grounds in that Part of Great Rritaincalled England, for endowing poor Vicarages andiChapelries, for the better Support offoeir Ministers.

And then foe House adfourned till Tp-morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Fentris, 40 die Jtinii;

Anno 13s Anme Regime, 1714.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Kirchoffs Act for naturalizing Chrjfiian William Kirchoffi, Nat*

Was teftd foe Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Clayton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

The

Weymouth

Return

amended.

Scotch

Militia.

Wynn’*

Ettate.

Woollea

Manufacture.

TregagleV

Estate.

Bangor, Ac. Mortuaries.

Supply.

668 4* — 5’

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the County of Dorset.

A BHI for settling the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Richard Wynn Esquire, and Sarah his Wife,

and John Barrington Esquire, to make Partition of the Manor of Cottingham, alias Cottingham Sarum, in the County of York, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Richardson do carry the Bill, to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Bill, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broadcloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; was committed; be received upon Thursday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of John Tregagle Esquire, deceased, lying in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do ' pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bulteel do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for taking away Mortuaries within the Dioceses of Bangor, Landaff, St. Davids, and St. Asaph; and giv-

ing a Recompence therefor to the Bishops of the said Dioceses; and for confirming several Letters Patents granted by her Majesty for perpetually annexing a Prebend of Glouceferto the Mastership of Pembroke College

in Oxford, and a Prebend of Rochester to the Provost-ship of Oriel-college in Oxford, and a Prebend of Norwich to the Mafiership of Cotherin was read the Third time:

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Jennings do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

Committee of the whole House, to consider further of

the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Junii. A. 1714.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Scotch whom the General Abbreviate of the Receipts and E<luiva, ent* Payments made by the Commissioners of the Equivalent in North Britain was referred; and who were to examine the Accounts and Vouchers relating to the Equivalent-money in North Britain-, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Earl of whom the Bill for Sale of the Estate late of Richard Ranelagh’* Earl of Ranelagh, deceased, at Chelsea and Cranborn, Estole* in the Counties of Middlesex and Berks, was commit-be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 5° die Junii;

Anno 13* Annae Reginae, 1714.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Scroop*’?

for Sale of some Out-parts of the Estate of Estate. Scroope Esquire, in the Counties of York and Nottingham, for the Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Pakington, Sir John Walter, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Wm. Whitlocke, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Slater, Mr. Bofcazven,

Mr. Archer, Lord Lumley, Sir Tho. Harvy, Lord Chol-mondely, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Bulled, Mr. Eden, Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Conyers, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Marryott,

Lord Down, Mr. Sheppard, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr.

selles, Mr. Foley, Mr. Quick, Mr. London, Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Heysham, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Jennings, Mr. ney, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Bowney, Mr. Laivfon, Mr. Shut-' tleworlh, Mr. Wrightjbn, Mr. Bland, M Mr.

Curzon, Mr. Trevanion, Sir Roger Bradfiaigh, the Earl of Barrymore, Sir Wm. Blackett, Mr. Orde, Mr. Faster, Sir Jonath. Cope, Sir Robert Mr. Cref-

sett, Mr. Collier, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Lockwood; and all that serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cherry’* for the Sale of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Estate, and Hereditaments, contained in the Marriage Settlement of Francis Cherry Gentleman, deceased, and Elizabeth his Wife; and for the converting the same into ready Money, for the Benefit of his Wife and Children; and for the Sale ofdivers otherManors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Payment of the Debts of the said Francis Cherry, and of the Debts of William Cherry Esquire, deceased; and other Purposes

in the said Act mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be ordered to be read a Second time.

A Petition of George yac^/o/rBricklayer/was presented Dagenham to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in 1710, the Breach; Petitioner, as Undertaker, did contract with the Commissioners for Hopping the Breach in the Levels of ing and Dagenham -, and, upon stating Accounts, there remained dueto the Petitioner upwards of 1,000; and, as Security for the fame, the Commissionersafligned to the Petitioner, as agreed, that the Land belonging to such Persons as had not paid the Tax were obliged to pay towards flopping the said Breach; That, the said Undertaking not proving effectual, the Petitioner re ceived no Advantage by the said Security, and is ruined thereby:

16 . That,

>1$ Ann. 5 ' Juni609

That, in 1711, others undertook to flop the said Breach; but not able to carry it on without Assignment of the said Security; and he, upon the Promises of the said Undertakers of having his Debt paid, and all Debts contracted on Account of the said Breach, did assign over the fame; and has flnee received no Satisfaction; but is

confined in Prison on account of said Debts: And praying to be relieved therein, in the Bill now depending for flopping the said Breach.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual preserving the Navigation of the River of by flopping the Breach

in the Levels of Havering and in the County of Essex, is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Dagenham A Petition of Sir John Knight was presented

Breach. to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, in 1710, did lend £. 400 towards repairing the Breach at Dagenham; and, by Note under the Commissioners Hands, was to be repaid out of the First Money received from the Land-owners of the Levels of Havering and Dagenham j That the Petitioner fumished several Materials; with which, and the Mon’ey lent as aforesaid, there is due to the Petitioner £. 815 145.

And praying Provision may be made in the Bill, now depending, for Payment of the said 815 14J. 6rf.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy ami effectual preserving the Navigation of the River of Thames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and in the County of

EJfe.r, is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ditto. The House being informed, That Thomas William, Thomas Johnson, William Watkins, and

Obadiah b'iggs. Petitioners, on behalf of themselves, and several others, old Land-owners of the Level of

ham, &c. in Essex, do desire not to give the House any Trouble upon their Petition, referred to the said Committee of the whole House, but to withdraw their Petition;

Ordered, That the said Committee be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition: And that the Petitioners have Leave to withdraw the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. IJiccocks and Mr. Ho (ford:

Mr. Speaker,

Dotv on The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

' Books ini- , for taking away the new additional Duty of £. 30 per ported. Cent, ad valorem, imposed upon all Books and Prints imported into Great , by an Act made in the

Tenth Year of the Reign of her present Majesty Queen . Anne, without Amendment.

Bangor, &c- The Lords have also agreed to the Amendments, made Mortuaries, by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking away Mortuaries, within the Diocefes of

deff, Saint David's, and St. Asaph; and giving a Re-com pence therefor to the Bishops of the said respective Dioceses; and for continuing several Letters Patents, granted by her Majesty, for perpetually annexing a Prebend of Glomefter to the Mastership of Pembroke-college

in Oxford, and a Prebend of to the Provost-

lliip of Oriel-college in Oxford, and a Prebend of Norwich to the Mastership of Catherine-hall in Cambridge. TregagVs The Lords have also agreed to the Amendments. made Eiiuw. by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of John Tregagle Esquire, deceased, lying in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Children.

Wynn’s The Lords have also agreed to the Amendment, made Eiiute. by this House, to the Title of the Bill, which is now intituled, An Act to make Partition of the Manor of Vol. 17.

CottinghdM, alias Coltinghant Sarum, in the County of York, between Richard Wynn Esquire, and Sarah his Wife, and John Barrington Esquire.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Loggan's for dissolving the Marriage of Francis Loggan with Drvorc®. Sarah Gardner-, and to enable him to marry again; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. London presented to the House, according to Or- Unwrought Jer, a Bill to explain Part of an Act. made in the Seventh lud«. Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising a further Supply to iier Majesty, for the Year 1709; so far as it relates touuwrought Incle imported into this Kingdom;

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Jennings reported from the Committee, to whom stealing the Bill for the more effoftual preventing and punishing Cattle, the Stealing, or unlawful Killing, of Cattle, was committed, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments to the fame; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally-put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossld.

A Meflfcge from the Lords, by Sir William Oldes, Royal Aflfcni Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: to Bill*.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had been up at the House of Peers; where her Majesty’s Commission was read, notify ing and declaring, in her Majesty’s Absence, the Royal Assent to Four publick Rills, and to Three private Bills; and that the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord President of her Majesty’s Council, and other Lords commissioned for that Purpose, did accordingly notify and declare the Royal Assent to the several Bills following; viz.

An Act for better regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters:

An Act for taking away the new additional Duty of £30 per Cent, ad valorem, imposed upon all Books and Prints imported into Great Britain, by an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her present Majesty Queen Anne:

An Act for upholding and repairing the Bridges and Highways in the County of Edinburgh:

- An Act for taking away Mortuaries within the Dioceses of Bangor, Landaff, St. Davids, and Saint Ajaph; and giving a Recompeuce therefor to the Bishops of the said respective Dioceses; and for confirming several Letters Patents, granted by her Majesty, for perpetually annexing a Prebend of Gimtcester to the Mastership of Pembroke-college "in Oxford, and a Prebend of Ro-chester to the Provostship of Oriel-college in Oxford, and a Prebend of Nonoich to the Mastership of Catharine-hall in Cambridge:

An Act to make Partition of the Manor of -

ham, alias Cottingham Sarum, in the County of York, between Richard Wynn Esquire, and Sarah his Wife, and John Barrington Esquire:

*H An

A. (714.

An Act for Sale of the Estate of Esquire, dfcceased, lyirtg in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Children, v An Act for naturalizing Christian William

SuppV. Mr. Conifers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the ResolutiOntr they had dirCfted him to report to the House; and he read the famte in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where; thfey were read; and are as follow; viz.

lft. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Com'-foittee. That a Suiti, not exceeding £.2,188 9S. i d. be granted to her Majesty, for the Military Officers, and Chaplain, that served in the Train of Artillery in Flanders and Spain, and on everal Expeditions; which, with the Allowance they have on the Establishment in the Office of Ordnance, is to complete their Half-pay for the Year 1714.

id, Rljolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding . 300,000, be granted to her Majesty, towards faiisfying the Debt due, on Account, to the Land Forces; o'tit of which the Sum of £.60,095 a d. is to be applied to discharge Bilb of Exchange, drawn by Wm. Chtlwynd Esquire, her Majesty’s late Envoy at Glnba, for Corn sent to Barcelona.

3d, Resolved, That it is the Opinion Of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £. 3,000. be granted to her Majesty; upon Account, to be equally distributed amotigft the Chaplains that served in the Fleet during the late War; and are not otherwise provided for.

4th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding 18,5 40 12 9.J- d. be

t granted tb her Majesty, to thake good the Interest on

Debentures to the Sufferers at and St.

for Three Years, to the 25th of December 1714.

5th, Rrjblvbd, That ft is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sutii, not exceeding 41,785 14 4

be granted to her Majesty, for the Support of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, and Pay of the Out-pensioners; and for the extraordinary Allowance for Forage for the Dragoons in North Britain, from the 25th of 1713 to the 24th of December 1714.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding £.2,188 9S. 2 d.be granted to her Majesty, for the Military Officers, and Chaplain, that served in the Train of* Artillery ih Flanders and and on several Expeditions; Which, With the Allowance they have on the Estabiifoment in the Office of Ordnance, is to complete their Half-pay for the Year 1714.

The Secbnd Resolution being read a second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the (hid Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding^.300,000, be granted to her Majesty, towards fotisfy ing the Debt due, on Account, to the Land Forces; out of which the Sum of 60,095 9 s. 2 is to be applied < tto discharge Bills of Exchange, drawn by Wm. Chelwynd Esquire, her Majesty’s late Envoy at

Genoa, for Corn sent to Barcelona.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed Onto by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Trent Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Navigation, whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the roth and 11th Years Of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in tlte Counties of Derby, and Stafford,

navigable, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Taefday Morning next.

baptism . The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Kreath. whole House, upoa the Bill foe the spejtdy and effectual

preferring the Navigation of the River of Thames, by (topping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Effet.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bet lie took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bertie reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conGder further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Insolvent whom the Bill for the Relief of poor insolvent Debtors, Del>tore-was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Paterson'* the Whole House, i6 whom the Bill for relieving Wm. Clamufi Paterson Esquire, out of the Equivalent-money, for — 1 what is due to him, was committed, be received upon ThursdayMorning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectual Punish- Laws re-ment of Vagrants, and fending them whither they latingio ought to be sent, be read a Second time upon Monday v"giants* Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning Curates

next, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, Maintenance upon the Bill for the better Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England-, and for the preventing the Sale Of the next Avoidance of Ecclesiastical Benefices.

Ordered, That Mr. Wykes have Leave to make a Leather Motion 5 it being after One of the Clock. Manuiactur*

And he moved accordingly.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the State of the Leather-manufacture in this Kingdom; and what further Encouragement may be proper to be given to the fame: And that they do report their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Montague, Mr.

Lord Wm. Potolett, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Mr.

Pitts, Mr. Earle, Mr. Morrice, Sir Tho. Read, Mr.

Mr.Cholmondly, Mr. Campion, Mr GwynMr. Kynaston, Captain Littleton, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Mr.

Stephens, Mr. Weaver, Mr, Powlett, Mr.

Mr. Heysham, Mr. Burfiem, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Michell,

Captain Burgh, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Wynn,

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Pitt, Captain Chapman, Mr. Clayton,

Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Yeanan, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr.

Lade, Mr. Treby, Mr. Aldworth, Sir Geo. Beaumont,

Mr. Gould, Mr. Millington, Sir Edward Tumor, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Matth. Dudley:And they are to 1

meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they have Leave to fit in a Morning, ' ‘

if they think fit.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

’ r \A

.....1 ——

Lunce, die Junii;

‘ Anno 13* Anne Regime, 1714.

Prate its.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A® Lord Howe’s for rendering valid and effectual Two several Indentures of Demise and Mortgage executed by hue Lord Viscount How in the Kingdom of Ireland,

deceased, by virtue of a former Act of Parliament, made for enabling him thereunto, notwithstanding some Defeats therein, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Compton,

Sir Robert Dovers, Lord Wm.Powlett, Sir John

Mr. London, Mr. Brodrick, Sir Christopher Hales, Sir 1

Jacob AJiley, Sir Tho. Crosse, Sir Richard Hoare, Mr.

Trefufis,

i 3 Ann. 7® — Sv Jmmu. 671

Trefufs,\lr. Conyers fAr.

Mr. Millington, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Heron, Wr.Sibthorp, Mr. Marrn/ott, Sir Fulxo. Sir Roger Brad-Jliaigli, Sir John Mordaunt, Lord Mr. Freeman,

Mr. Lowndes; and all that serve for the Counties of Suffolk and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five o’Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

Tlionnarton An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act inclosurt, for parting and inclosing Two great open Common Fields, and a large open Greenfward Common Down,

lying and being in the Manor and Parish of

ton, alias Farmington, in the County of and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Powlett, Lord I.ttmlnj, Sir Robert Davers, the Earl of Hertford, Sir James Stuart, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Bofcaroen, M r. Craggs, Mr. C/tefxoynd, Mr. Berkley, Mr

Mr. lied worth, Mr. London, Sir Willo. Hickman, Mr. Ward, Mr. Cholmondly, Mr. Strickland, Sir Barker,

Mr. Winstanley, yir. Campbell, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Pal-

mer, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Broarick, Mr. Weaver, Mr. Freeman, Mr. , Mr. Medlycott,

Air. Harvey Mr. Edwards, Mr. and all that

serve for the Counties of Oxford and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to have Leave to fit in a Morning, if they think fit.

Brown’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hsute. for veiling Part of the Estate of Brown, an Infant,

lying in the Parishes of Bridgwater, North Petherton, and Wefion Zoyldnd, in the County of Somerset, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of a Mortgage, and other Debts and Legacies, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. 1 ’

Disrovmng Mr. Clayton reported from the Committee, to whom , Uwumgitude- the Petition of several Captains of her Majesty’s Ships, Merchants of London, and Commanders of Merchantmen, relating to the finding out the Longitude at Sea, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

flevnnits of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to appoint Commissioners to inquire into the Value of the Rents and Revenues which belonged to the Archbishops and Bi (hops in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, and into the Value of all Grants and Alienations of the same since the Year 1689; and to what Uses,

3 and upon what Considerations, the same have bee*

' granted: And that Mr. Murray, and Sir Alexander

Corny ns, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

j ‘ The Orders of the Day being read;

Duty on Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

-I I'uvns’ ^an‘ Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the , ’ ' whole House, upon tlte Bill for explaining an Act for

laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon < chequered and flriped Linens imported; and upon

certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuflfe, printed, painted, or stained; and upon several Kinds of stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and upon certain printed Pamphlets and Advertisements; for raising the Sum of Eighteen hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a Lottery: and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; so far as the same relates to Lawns, Canvas, Buckrams, Barras, and Silcjia Neckcloths.

\\'aVi The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Means, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Vol. 17.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they mav have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and' Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next* Edwin'* at Twelve aClock, resolve itself into a Committee of the Debt to whole House, upon the Bill to impower the Lord High Crown* Treasurer.or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Edwin, of don. Merchant, for such Debts as he (lands bound for as Surety, for Thomas Coleman, Tobacco-merchant.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Dagenham ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Breach. House, to consider further of the Bill for the speedy and effectual preserving the Navigation of the River of Thames, by (lopping the Breach in the Levels of i/ia* vering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Corates ing next, resolve itself Into a Committee of the w hole Mainunanc*, House, upon the Bill for the better Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England; and for the preventing the Sale of the Avoidance of Ecclesiastical Benefices.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortisy 8* dieJunii;

Anno 13* Annse Regime, 1714.

Prayers.

PETITION of Daniel Burr Merchant was Burr'sNatt prefeuted to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the Petitioner was born out of her Majesty’s Alt legiance, but of English Parents; and always professed the Proteliant Religion; and given Testimony of his Loyalty to her Majesty, and the Good of this Kingdom: And praying a Bill may he brought iu for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. London, Mr. Lowther, and Mr. Bracebridge, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Wykes reported from the Committee to whom it Leather was referred -to consider of the State of the Leather Manufeftw^. Manufactures in this Kingdom; and what further Encouragement may be proper to be given to the same;

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read j and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That considerable Quantities of tanned Leather, made into Boots, Shoes, and other Wares, are, in the Currying and Making, cut off, wasted, and rendered of no Use and yet the Makers, or Exporters, on Exportation of the said made Wares, being allowed to draw back no more than Two-thicds of the Duty charged on the said tanned Leather, according to the Weight of the said made Wares, without any Allowance for such Waste; the same is a great Discouragement to the Leather-mapufacture in this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That if a Drawback of the whole Duty of One Peny Halfpeny per Pound Weight be allowed on all tanned Leather which shall bemauufactured, and actually made into Wares or Goods, and exported out of Great Britain, to be ascertained according to the Weight of fuel) Good# or Wares respectively, the same will be a reasonable

Encouragement

feriftol

Poor,

Army Debts.

d. 1714.

Encouragement to the Leather Manufacture of this

j Kingdom;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That great Quantities of raw Hides from Ireland were heretofore imported into, and tanned in, this Kingdom; but, by the Exportation of Bark to , great Num-

bers of Hides are tanned there, and pay no Duty; and foreign Parts being supplied from thence not only with Leather, but with Shoes, Boots, and other Wares, made of Leather, which, before the Exportation of Bark to Ireland, were supplied with Leather, and with Shoes, Boots, and other Wares made of Leather, from Great Britain; is not only a Loss to her Majesty’s Revenue but a great Prejudice to the Manufactures of Leather of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for preventing Deficiencies in Duties arising from tanned Leather, and for encouraging the Manufactures of tanned Leather, the Exportation of all Bark useful for the Tanning of Leather be discouraged for the future.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the making of Shoes and Slippers of Canvas, or Ticking, is a great Discouragement to the Leather Manufacture of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take -into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William Illd, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That, after the Debts incurred should be paid off, the annual Sum payable should cease.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. J*

Tellers for the Noes, < f ] 51'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was accordingly brought up to the Clerk s Table; and Twice read; with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, by Leave of the House, ivithdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That no Person shall be capable of being elected a Guardian for the Poor, or have any Office in or under the Corporation, who shall not have taken the Sacra, ment, according to the Rites of the Church of England, as appointed by the Act 13 Car. Ildi:

And the same was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bertie, from the Commissioners for taking, examining, and determining, the Debts due to the Army, Transport-service, and Sick and \\ ounded, presented to the House the Answers of several Persons concerned in the Report of the Commissioners sent into Spain; with the Replies of the said Commissioners, taken, upon Oath before the said Commissioners for taking, examining, and determining, the Debts due to the Army, Ac. together with several Books and Accounts; with a List of them; relating the reunto:

And the Titles of the said Answers were read.

Ordered, That the said Answers, and other Books and Accounts, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Answers, and other Books and Accounts, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, That, in relation to the Hamel Election for the Borough of Harwich, in the County Llfcuuu of Essex, the Merits of which Election is to be heard

Tomorrow in the Afternoon, before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Solicitors for the Petitioner, and the Sitting Member, had but Yesterday delivered to each other Lists of several Persons Names whom they intend to object against, upon account of their not being qualified according to the Corporation Act; and that it will require some time to make Proof concerning the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do put off the Hearing the Merits of the said Election until Tomorrow Sevennight. j

A Petition of the Clothiers, and others concerned in

the Making of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths in and *la’uiuau* near the Town of Beckingham, in the County of set, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of poor Persons employed in that Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, some Clothiers attending this House have, without Consent of them, agreed with their Adversaries to such Terms as will prejudice the Petitioners, and Posterity, equal with the Bill now depending to explain and amend an Act, of the Tenth of the Queen, for encouraging the Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloth: And praying to be beard by Counsel, before the said Bill do pals. 1

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table;

until the Report from the Committee, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-eloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; be received:

And that the Petitioners be then heard at the Bar, by themselves, or Counsel, as they shall think fit.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned Call of & until this Day Sevennight. House-

The House proceeded to the further Hearing the Souths Merits of the Election for the Borough of Southwark, Lleth*. , in the County of Surrey:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And several Witnesses were called in; and examined, 1

on the Petitioners behalf.

And then the Counsel on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Merits of the said Election be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Earl of whom the Bill for Sale of the Estate late of Richard Ranei^iv Earl of Ranelagh, deceased, at Cand Cranborn, in the Counties of Middlesex and Berks, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to Trent whom the Bill for making more effectual An Act, of the Navigation I 10th and t ith Years of the Reign of King William, in- 1

tituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navi-, gable, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Friday next, at Twelve a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Dupree's

KaU

Unwrought

Incle.

Laws relating to V a-grants.

13 Ann. 90 Junii.

Mercurii, 90 die *Junii\

Anno 13° Annas Reginse, 1714. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Samuel Dupree, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to explain Part of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of her Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England-, and for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1709; so far as it relates to unwrought Incle imported into this Kingdom; was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for themore effectual Punishment of Vagrants, and sending them whither they ought to be sent, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jenings, Mr. Hervey, Captain Chapman, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Ed. Knatchbull, Mr Gore, Mr. Eden, Mr. 77 Crosse, Mr.

Quick, Mr. Freman, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Ward, Mr. Burslem, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Corselles, Mr. London, Mr. Serjeant Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr Conyers, Mr. Solicitor General,

Sir Wm. Windham, Mr. Dockminique, Sir Bryan Stapleton, Mr. Gape, Mr. Burgh, Mr. Bruer, Mr. Kenyon, Sir John Mordaunt, Lord James Murray, Mr. Renda, Sir Tho.Clarges, Colonel Steivart, Mr. Shackerley,

Mr. llarle, Mr. Yeomans, Mr. Culvert: And all that come are to have Voices; and to sit de die in diem; and to sit in a Morning.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the more effectual preventing the Nuisance from Common Beggars appearing in Publick.

lick Majesty, as her Majesty may be intitled to by virtue of any subsequent Agreement or Assignment from the King of Spain to her Majesty; may be disposed of for the Use of the Publick, and towards discharging the Debts of the Nation.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Ad- Revenues of dress be presented to her Majesty, That the Revenues of Minorca and the Island of Minorca, and the Rents of the Houses at G b ttr' Gibraltar, may be applied towards the Maintenance and Support of the several Garisons in those Places.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Ports of Maher Majesty, That the Ports of Mahorne and Gibraltar !\0"' may be mi free Pom.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Ways and a Committee of the whole House, to consider further Means, of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Wise's Debt

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole to the House, upon the Bill to impower the Lord High Trea- Cruwn-surer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Robert IFise, and his Sureties, for the Debts which he owes her Majesty, or stands bound for, as Surety for Customs on Tobacco.

Sfotcli Linen Air. Cunningham presented to the House, according Manufacture, to Order, a Bill to explain, and make more effectual, an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for preventing Abuses in making Linen Cloth, and regulating the Lengths and Breadths, and equal Sorting of Yarn, in each Piece, made in Scotland; and for whitening the same; and the same was received j and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

'Insolvent The House, according to Order, proceeded to take ikbioTs. into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of poor insolvent Debtors, Was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read throughout; and some of the Amendments were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Friday Morning next.

jMrate Resolved, That an humble address be presented to her Majesty, That she will be graciously pleased, out of her great Goodness to her People, to give Directions, That the Fourth Part of the Trade, reserved to her Majesty, by the 28th Article of the Jssiento Contract; ,ns also all such other Benefits or Advantages arising from the JssientoTrade, or the Licences relating thereto; or from any Duties or Profits reserved to his Catho-VaL 17.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- Logging tituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Francis Divorc*. Loggin with Sarah Gardner-, and to enable him to marry again; be read Second time upon Tuesday Morning next, in a full House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, Dagenham, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the speedy and effectual preserving the Navigation of the River of Thames, by stopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dageiiham, in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Earl of R»> whom the Bill for Sale of the Estate late of Richard nelagh’s Earl of Ranelagh, deceased, at Chelsea and Cranborn, in Estate-the Counties of Middlesex and Berks, was committed, be received upon Monday Alorning next.

R«o/uerf, That this House will, upon Saturday Alorn- Duty on ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Lawns, Ca*. House, upon the Bill for laying several Duties upon all vas’6ic' Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and upon chequered and striped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; and upon several kinds of stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and upon certain printed Pamphlets and Advertisements; for raising the Sum of Eighteen hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Lottery; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; so far as the same relates to Lawns,

Canvas, Buckrams, Barras, and Silesia Neckcloths.

81 ,

674

9° — 10° Junit.

A.

1714.

Itching Navigation.

Ordered, That Sir John Pakington, Mr. Sharp, Mr.

Hutchinson, Mr. Newland, Mr. be added to the

Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, and make more effectual, an Act, made in the 16 and 17th Years of the Reign of King Charles the I Id, intituled, An Act for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise passable, for Boats, Barges, and ot her Vessels; as far as the same relates to the River Itchin, alias Itching: is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Woollen Manufacture.

Cfcerry’s

Estate.

Roys(on, &c. Roads.

same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Proprietors of the several Portsmouth, Lands and Tenements lying and being in Harwich, fortifies, and Dover Court, within the Liberty of the Borough of tl0ns-Harwich, taken, surveyed, and agreed for, by the Commissioners appointed, by virtue of her Majesty’s Letters Patents, for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better fortifying the Harbours and Docks at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the Petitioners, have been surveyed by a Jury impanelled for that Purpose,

Jovis, 10° die Junii;

Anno 13* Annae Reginae, 1714.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Clothiers, and others concerned in the Woollen Manufacture in Melksham, and Places adjacent, in the County of Wilts, in behalf of themselves, and several Thousands of Poor employed therein, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That if the Bill now depending, for regulating, and appraised and agreed upon, ever since Seventh of improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufac- October, 7° Anne; by which means the Petitioners ture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the could not dispose thereof, or any-ways improve them; Payment of the Poor employed therein; should pass;' and will be great Sufferers, unless the same be accepted, it would greatly prejudice the said Woollen Manufac- and paid for, as’by Agreement, for the Purchase there-ture: That some Clothiers have treated with the Mer- of: And praying a Performance of the said Agreement, chants and Drapers, unknown to the Petitioners, and or a Satisfaction for Non-performance, on such Terms as will be as prejudicial as the Bill: Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

And praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said her Majesty, That she will be pleased to give Directions, Bill’s passing; and to be relieved. _ That the Purchase-money agreed for, as a valuable Con-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table tintil the Report be made of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, im-

sideration, for certain Lands and Tenements vested in Trustees for the Crown, for the better fortifying and securing the Docks and Harbours at Harwich, be paid pursuant to the several Contracts made with the

proving, and encouraging the Woollen Manufacture of Proprietors of the said Lands and Tenements.

Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, contained in the Marriage Settlement of Francis Cherry Gentleman, deceased, and zabeth his Wife; and for the converting the same into ready Money, for the Benefit of his Wife and Children; and for the Sale of divers other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Payment of the Debts of the said Francis Cherry, and of the Debts of Wm. Cherry Esquire, deceased; and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; M as read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Letchmere, Mr. Cor sell is, Air.

Ceecil, Mr. Bruce, Mr. Gape, Mr. Clayton, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Serjeant Richardson, Sir Wm.

Mr. Jem/ns, Mr. Built el, Mr. Willson, Colonel

Mr. Mild may, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Mr.

Com/ers, Sir Thomas Crosse, Mr. Gore, Sir Edicard Williams, Mr. Sybthorp, Sir Dudley, Sir Tho.

Johnson, Mr. Carnegy, Mr JennMr. Collier, Mr. Attorney General, Mr . Hungerford, Mr. Burgh, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Moor, Mr. Burslem, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Windsor, Mr NewlSir Wm. Withers, Mr. Foley, Mr. Aldworth; and all that serve for the Counties of Oxon, Berks, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Leave to sit in a Morning.

Sir Matthew Dudley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual repairing and amending the Highways leading from Roys ton in the County of Hertford, to Wandsford-bridge, in the County of Huntington, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; wdiichthey had directed him to report to the House; and he read the

T;:tk, kc.

Roads.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Iloford and Mr. Love bond:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tiltensor and the most Northern Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt-lane, in the County of Stafford, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the East India Company being offered to the House, with relation to some Duties which they apprehended would be laid upon them;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill for Relief of the Exporters of Gold and Silver Drawback o«

East India Company.

Thread, Lace, and Fringe, Muslins, and Callicoes, and Gold L;‘re. other Goods therein mentioned, in relation to the Draw- &c-eAP,tc‘1* backs for the same; and for better securing the Duties upon several of the said Commodities; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, Endowing at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Vicarages the whole House, upon the Bill for making Inclosures by, nciosure*' of some Part of the Common Grounds in that Part of Great Britain called England, for endowing poor Vicarages and Chapelries, lor the better Support of their Ministers.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Hearing the Merits of the Election Helston

Election.

i3 Ann.

io

Juniu

*75

Scotch Equivalent.

for the Borough of Helsfon, in the county of ,

be adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the general Abbreviate of the Receipts and Payments made by the Commissioners of the Equivalent in North was

referred; and who were to examine the Accounts and Vouchers relating to the said Equivalent-money; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And the said Report, and the Resolution of the Committee, were read; and are as follow; viz.

That, by the Acknowledgment of the honourable Colonel William Dalrimple, Sir John Sir Patrick Johnston, John Pringle, and Alexander Aher-

cromby, Esquires, Five Commissioners of the Equivalent, the Sum of £. 398,085. ior. was paid to the Commissioners of Equivalent, by the late Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, pursuant to the 15th Article of

the Treaty of Union:

Th at the said Sum of<£. 39 8,08 5.10 was appropriated by the said 15th Article of the Treaty of Union, and by Acts of the last Parliament of Scotland; to wit, the 15th, intituled, An Act concerning the Payment of the Sum, out of the Equivalent to the African and Indian Company; and the 16th, intituled, An Act concerning the publick Debts; and an Act of the First Parliament of Great Britain, intituled, An Act for the further directing the Payment of the Equivalent-money, to the Uses and in the Order following; viz.

1 ft, For paying the Loss which private Persons should sustain, by reducing the Coin of Scotland to the Standard and Value of the Coin of England:

Which Loss was ascertained thus: The Loss in reducing the English Money, which in Scotland before I lie Union was current at 5 s.5 d. Crown, to the current Rate in England, did amount to 3,021. 155'. 7 as by the Books and Accounts given in to the Commissioners of Equivalent, signed by a Privy Counsellor and One Magistrate at Edinburgh, Three Magistrates at G sgoto, and Three at Aberdeen, who were appointed, by Proclamation of Council, dated 28 Mar. 1707, to attend at these Towns, for taking in the said English Money, and certifying the Loss upon it, does appear: And of the above Sum the Commissioners of Equivalent have issued £.3,017. iSs.gFor Proof whereof,

they laid before the Committee the Certificates issued by the above proper Officers, with the Receipts of the several Persons who had Right to these Certificates; and the Loss in recoining the Scotch and foreign Coin, and reducing it to the Standard of the Coin of England, is certified by the Assay-master of the Mint, and Tli ree Persons appointed by the Privy Council to attend the Melting down of the Money, and certifying the Loss upon the Recoinage: These Certificates amount to £.49,888. 14-y. 1 ild.; and were produced to the Committee, with the Treasurer of the Bank his Receipt upon each of them, to prove that the Commissioners of Equivalent have paid down that Sum:

2. For Payment of the Capital Stock, Interest, and Debts, of the Indian and African Company; which, by the Accounts given in to the Commissioners of Equivalent by the Directors of the Indian and African Company, pursuant to the aforesaid 15th Act of the last Parliament of Scotland, amount to 232,840. 9 11

of which there has been issued out, by the said Commissioners of Equivalent the Sum of 229,611. 4.?. 8 as by the Certificates, given by the proper Officers to the several Persons having Right, with their Discharges, laid before the Committee, does appear:

3d, For Payment of,£. 2,000. p for the Space of Seven Years, for Encouragement of the Manufacture of coarse Wool, in the Shires which produce the same:

By the aforesaid Act of the Parliament of Great Britain, the Judges of the Court of Exchequer are authorized to make such Distribution, in such Districts, and insuch Vol. 17.

Proportions, as to them shall seem most equitable; the Judges having made no such Distribution, pursuant to that Power, nothing has been hitherto issued by the Commissioners of Equivalent on this Head; but remains as a Part of the Balance of the Account:

4. For the Charges of the Commissioners Secretaries and Accomptants of the Two Treaties of Union:

Which, according to the Certificates issued by the Lords of Treasury, pursuant to the said 16th Act of the Parliament of Scotland, amounted to 30,500.; whereof the Commissioners of Equivalent have paid £. 30,498. 12s. 2 d.as by the aforesaid Certificates, and Dishargesof the Persons having Right, which were laid before the Committee, does appear:

5. The Overplus of the Money appointed to be divided, one Half for Payment of the Debts due upon the Civil List, and the other Half for Payment of the Debts due to the Army, or Military List, after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, the above Appropriations, was £.64,848. 8,r.:

Which w’as divided thus; To the Civil List £. 32,418. 12 s.4*d.: Tothe Army^.32,429.15s. 74^.: The small Difference was to facilitate the Subdivisions in the Classes, wherein both Civil List and Army are ranged, by the aforesaid 16th Act, and Act of the First Parliament of Great Britain:

That the First Class of the Civil List is the Debt due to the Commissioners, who represented her Majesty, or the late King Wm. in Parliament; and to these are added the Bishops, and the Poor on her Majesty’s Bounty, in the Charity-roll for One Year’s Pension, by the said Act of Parliament of Great Britain:

The Sum due to this Class, as certified by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and the Queen’s Remembrancer of the Exchequer, is £.27,568. 17 9 of which issued out by the Commissioners of Equivalent* the Sum of ,£. 27,553. 17*. 9 as by the said Certificates, and Receipts of those who had Right, all laid before the Committee, did appear.

That the Second Class of the Civil List contains the Salaries, Fees, and Pensions, due to such as served her Majesty, or the late King Wm. in any Civil Post: The Sum due to this Class, as certified by the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, who call it the First Class in their Account, because the First immediately above was paid before their Court was established, amounts to .£.45,645. 9 s.2d.; and the Remainder of the Sumdueto the Civil List, as above divided, being £.4,849. 145. 7

produced £. 10^.. per Cent, in Money to those w'ho are ranged in this Class, and for the Remainder, being £.40,795. 14 s. 7 d.by Direction of the aforesaid Act of the First Parliament of Great Britain, they were to have Debentures, bearing Interest at £. 5. per Cent, per Annum, after the 24th June 1708: Of the above Sum of .£.4,849. 145. 7 d.payable in Money, the Commissioners of the Equivalent have issued and paid .£’.4,655. 6r.: For Proof of which they laid before the Committee the Certificates of the Barons of the Exchequer, with the Receipts of those who had Right to that Money:

That the Sums due to the 3d Class of the Civil List; viz. the Bishops, and Poor on her' Majesty’s Charity-roll; as certified by the Judges of the Court of Exchequer; amounts to ,£.5,188. 14$.; for which Debentures are issued, or to be issued, because they are intitled to no Part of the Money certified as above:

That the 4th Class of the Civil List; viz. those to whom Accounts or Pensions w’ere due; amounts to .£.29,555. 165-. 5 d.;which, in the Books of the Barons of Exchequer, is called the 3d Class, for the Reason, aforesaid; and for this Sum Debentures are issued, or to be issued, they having no Title to any Part of the First Equivalent:

That there was due to the First Class of the Military List, as certified by the Judges of the Court of Exchequer, the Sum of £. 14,343. i6r. which wras all payable in Money; and the Commissioners of Equivalent have 1.3 paid

6j6 10°

paid thereof, £. 14,188. 8s. as appeared by the Certificates of the Barons of Exchequer, and Discharges of those who had Right; which Certificates were laid before the Committee:

That the Sums due to the id Class of the Military List, as certified by the Barons of the Exchequer, amounts to £ 65,181. 11 s. iorf.;and the Remainder of the Sum due to the Military List, as aforesaid, divided, was £. 18,085. 194'. 7-f-d. which yielded £.274.. Cent. to all who were in this Class, in ready Money; for the remaining <£.47,095; I2r. 2 -frf. they had Debentures, as in the Case of the 2d Class of the Civil List: Of the said Sum of £. 18,085. 19 s.'j^d. the Commissioners of Equivalent have issued and paid .£.14,458. 2 8

as appeared by the returned Certificates, and Discharges, produced to the Committee:

That the Sums certified due to the 3d Class of the Military List amount to £. 15,565.; for which Debentures are issued, or to be issued, as is directed by the said Act of the First Parliament of Great Britain; by which Act the Barons of the Exchequer were impowered to make up a 2d general Account, for all such as neglected to make their Accounts, in the First Six Months:

That the Sums contained in the Second general Account of the Barons of Exchequer amounts to £. 10,992. or. 6{d.; for which Debentures are issued, or to be issued, as the aforesaid Act directs; and all Debentures of both Accounts bear Interest after the Rate of £. 5. per Centum per , since the Twenty-

fourth of June 1708:

That the Fees and Salaries of the Servants of the Commission are, by the aforesaid Act of the First Parliament of Great Britain, payable out of the first and readiest of any Money, that is, or shall be, in the Hands of the Commissioners of Equivalent, and limited not to exceed Nine hundred and Twenty Pounds per Annum and the Sums paid on this Head by the Commissioners of Equivalent, preceding the Fourteenth of March, and Thirtieth April, One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen, amounts to <£.5,413. nr. 4 as appeared by the Establishment for the Servants, and Certificate, 01 the Commissioners of Equivalent:

That the necessary Charges of the Commission, and for Defending of Law-suits, where the Titles of Parties were not clear, were provided for in the same manner out of the first and readiest of any Money, as the Ser-

funii. A. 1714.

vants were; and the same, from the Date of the First Commission of Equivalent in June One thousand Seven hundred, and Seven, to Six-and-twentieth March last, amounted to £. 2,224. 6r. jo Sterling, as appeared by a particular certified Account thereof, produced to the Committee:

That, by the same before recited Act of the First Parliament of Great Britain, it is enacted, in Consideration of the Pains and Charges of the Commissioners of Equivalent, and for that they are made liable, in their Persons and Estates, to the Parties having any Interest, and to account to the Parliament of Great Britain for their Administration; That each Commissioner named, or to be named, accepting, and acting, shall have £. 300. num, payable annually, after the Interest, and before any Part of the capital Sums contained in any Debentures.

The First Commission of Equivalent, dated 5th June 1707, appointed 25 Commissioners; of which Number Twenty-one accepted, and acted; and, by another Commission dated 26 July 1709, the Number was reduced to 15; of which Number only 13 accepted; and the Salaries due to these Commissioners, to 24th June 1714, is £.31,580. 5 s.5 d.rebating for Three Commissioners,

who are dead, since the time of their Death.

And that, upon Consideration of the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of £.381,509. 15J. iof d. has been duly issued and paid, by the Commissioners of Equivalent, out of the Sum of £. 398,085. ior. paid to them, pursuant to the 15th Article of Union.

That the Balance remaining in their Hands is £.16,575. 14 r. ikd.

N. B. That the Commissioners of Equivalent laid before the Committee several Thousands of Vouchers; which, being too numerous to be singly examined, the Committee did examine, only by comparing several Certificates, and the Discharges on the Back of these Certificates, under the several Heads of this Account, with the Sums in the Accounts of the Commissioners of Equivalent; and they found all which they tried agree exactly; from whence the Committee concluded, that the Whole must be so: And, considering the many Checks mentioned in the Report, it’s hard to conceive how it could be otherwise.

An ABSTRACT of the Accounts at Length, set down in the above Report; wherein the Interest due upon Debentures, Salaries, due to the Commissioners of Equivalent, and their Servants, are all brought down to the 24th June 1714.

Loss on the English milled Money -

Loss on Money recoined ——

Capital Stock, Interest, and Debts, of the African Company ....

Encouragement of the Wool Manufactories Commissioners Secretaries, &c. to the last Two Treaties of Union ——

1st Class, Civil List, Commissioners of Parliament, Bishops, &c. ——

2d Class, Civil List, in Money -

1st Class, Military List ——

2d Class, Military List ——

incident Charges, Fees, and Salaries, which were paid before dividing, between Civil and Military List Total of Fees and Salaries before 24th June 1714, and of necessary Charges before 26th March 1714 -Balance in the Hands of Commissioners of Equivalent -

Payable is 1 Money. Paid in Money. Balance yet due, in Money and Debentures.

£ r. d. £. s. d. £ s. d.

3,021 *5 7* 3,017 18 9 3 16 10 *4

49,888 14 49,888 14 II 6 — —

232,840 9 11 1 229,61 I 4 8 3,229 5 3 i

14,000 - " 14,000 — —

3°,5°o — 30,498 12 2 1 7 IO

27,568 i7 91 27,553 17 91 15 — —

4,849 i4 7 4,655 6 i94 3 7

*4,343 16 — 14,188 — 8 '55 15 4

18,085 19 71 14,458 2 84 3,627 16 10

2,986 1 6 -J- ——

- - 7,762 ——

- 16,450 14 1 V —

398,085 IO 398,085 IO — 21,227 IO 9*

The

13 Ann. to0 — 11° Junii.

The Debentures ad Class Civil List - 40,795 14 ' 7

The Debentures 3d Class D" - - 5,188 14 o

The Debentures 4th Class D° - - 29,555 16 5

The Debentures 2d Class Military List 47,095 12 if

The Debentures 3d Class D° - - 15,565 9 10

----- ----- - ----- -- 138,201 7 o-

The 2d General Account of the Barons of Exchequer ----- -- 10,992, o 6|

The Interest of these Debentures, from 24th June 1708 to 24th June 1714 ... 44,758 o 3

The Salaries due to the Commissioners of Equivalent, so long as the Balance of JO. 16,450.

14 s.\\ d. is in their Hands; and if the Debts payable in ready Money are otherwise

provided for ----- --- - - -- 15,129 11 3f

230,308 9 io|-

The said Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committeein the said Resolution, That the Sum ofjC.381,509. 15 s. 10 $d.has been duly issued and paid by the Commissioners of Equivalent, out of the Sum of ,£-398,085.1 or. paid to them, pursuant to the 15th Article of Union.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to discharge and acquit the Commissioners of Equivalent for the said Sum of .£.381,509. 151. 10 by them duly issued out of the JO. 398,085. ior. which they have received: And that Mr. Bulteel, Mr.

Mr. Medlicott, and Sir David Dalrymple, do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

Mereon'i Sir Matthew Dudley reported from the Committee of CUim. the whole House, to whom the Bill for relieving Wm.

Paterson Esquire, out of the Equivalent Money, for what is due to him, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and after-terwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest of them agreed unto, by the House,

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Scotch Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee

MUiiia. of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause for preserving the Rights of such Persons as are, by Grants from the Crown, appointed hereditary Lieutenants in any County, City, or Place, in Scotland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Alien’* Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day

Good*. Month, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing the Covering of Aliens Goods imported.

Woollen Ma- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to nufacture. whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the WoollenManufacture of M ixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; was committed;be received uponSatardtfj/Morning next.

Lord Howe’s Ordered, That Sir Tho. Morgan, Sir Richard H010, Estate. and Mr. Naylor, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the rendering valid and effectual Two several Indentures of Demise and Mortgage, executed by Scr ape late Lord Viscount Howe in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, by virtue of a former Act of Parliament made for enabling him thereunto, notwithstanding some Defects therein, was committed.

Vo 1. 17.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 11° die Junii;

Anno 13® Annas Reginas, 1714.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That the Committee, to whom the Scroope’s ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate, for Sale of some Out-parts of the Estate of Simon Scroope Esquire, in the Counties of York and Nottingham, for the Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed; have Leave to sit in a Morning, if they think fit.

Mr. London presented to the House, according to Bun's Nat. Order, a Bill for naturalizing Daniel Burr: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do ^ties lay before this House an Account what the Duties upon Sweet 00 Sweet Wood have amounted to for the last Seven Years.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the D-Report from the Committee, who were to consider of the^Longw5 what Encouragement was fit to be given to such as tude. should find out the longitude at Sea:

And the same was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon: Which Report, and Resolutions, are as follow; viz.

That it appeared to the said Committee as followeth; viz.

Mr. Ditton and Mr. Wiston, being examined, did inform the Committee, That they had made a Discovery of the Longitude; and were very certain, that the same was true in the Theory; and did not doubt but that, upon due Trial made, it would prove certain and practicable at Sea:

That they had communicated the whole History of their Proceedings towards the said Discovery to Sir Isaac Newton, Dr. Clark, Mr. Haley, and Mr. Cotes; who all seemed to allow of the T ruth of the Proposition, as to the Theory: but doubted of several Difficulties that would arise in the Practice.

Sir Isaac Newton, attending the Committee, said.

That, for determining the Longitude at Sea, there have been several Projects, true in the Theory, but difficult to execute:

One is, by a Watch to keep Time exactly: But, by reason of the Motion of a Ship, the Variation of Heat and Cold, Wet and Dry, and the Difference of Gravity in different Latitudes, such a Watch hath not yet been made:

Another is, by the Eclipses of But, by reason of the Length of Telescopes requisite to observe them, and the Motion of a Ship at Sea, those Eclipses cannot yet be there observed:

A Third is, by the Place of the Moon: But her Theory is not yet exact enough for this Purpose: It is exact enough to determine her Longitude within Two or Three Degrees, but not within a Degree:

8 K A Fourth

678 11° Junii. 1714.

Discovering A Fourth is, Mr. Dills Project: And this is rather for keeping an Account ofthcLongitude at Sea, than for finding; it, if at any time it should be lost, as it may easily be in cloudy Weather: How far this is practicable, and with what Charge, they that are skilled in Sea-affairs are . best able to judge: In sailing by this Method, whenevet they are to pass over very deep Seas, they must sail due East, or West, without varying their Latitude; and if their Way over such a Sea doth not lie due East, or West, they must first sail into the Latitude of the next Place to which they are going beyond it; and then keep due East, or West, till they come at that Place:

In the Three first Ways there must be a Watch regulated by a Spring, and rectified every visible Sun-rise and Sunset, to tell the Hour of the Day, or Night: In the Fourth Way, such a Watch is not necessary: In the First Way, there must be Two Watches; this, and the other mentioned above:

In any of the Three first Ways, it may be of some Service to find the Longitude within a Degree; and of much more Service to find it w ithin Forty Minutes, or Half a Degree, if it may be; and the Success may deserve Rewards accordingly:

In the Fourth Way, it is easier to enable Seamen to know their Distance, and Bearing from the Shore, 40, 60, or 80, Miles off, than to cross the Seas; and some Part of the Reward may be given when the First is performed on the Coast of Great Britain, for the Safety of Ships coming Home; and the rest, when Seamen shall be enabled to sail to an assigned remote Harbour without losing their Longitude, if it may be.

Dr. Clarke said, That there could no Discredit arise to

the Government, inpromisinga Reward in general, without respect to any particular Project, to such Person or Persons who should discover the Longitude at Sea.

Mr. Haley said. That Mr. Method for find-

ing the Longitude did seem to him to consist of many Particulars, which first ought to be experimented, before he could give his Opinion; and that it would cost a considerable Sum to make the Experiments; but what the Expence would amount to, he could not tell.

Mr. Whislonaffirmed, That the undoubted Benefit which would arise on the Land, and near the Shore, would vastly surmount the Charges of Experiments.

Mr. Cotes said, That the Project was right in the Theory near the Shore; and the practical Part ought to be experimented.

And, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions; viz.

JResolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Reward be settled by Parliament upon such Person or Persons as shall discover a more certain and practicable Method of ascertaining the Longitude, than any yet in Practice; and the said Reward be proportioned to the Degree of Exactness to which the said Method shall reach.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved. That Leave be given for a Bill to be brought in accordingly.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Reward be settled by Parliament upon such Person or Persons as shall discover a more certain and practicable Method of ascertaining the Longitude, than any yet in Practice; and the said Reward be proportioned to the Degree of Exactness to which the said Method shall reachl

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Clayton, Mr. Aislaby, Sir George Beaumont, Sir Wm. Mr.

Boscaiven, Sir Thomas Hardy, Mr. Addison, General Stanhope, and Sir John Leake, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to lake into Consideration the Trcnt Report from the Committer, to whom the Bill for making galloU-more effectual an Act, of the 10th and nth Years of the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent',in the Counties of Leicester,

Derby, and Stafford, navigable, was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House. '

A Clause wras offered, to be added to the Bill, That, for effectually making the River navigable from Gainsborough to Burton, the Assignee or Occupier of the Locks upon the River, and his Servants and Agents, shall, when there shall be Occasion, open the Gates of the Locks, and allow Flashes of Water, upon Request, sufficient to enable Vessels to pass up and down the said Locks; and, in case of Refusal, shall forfeit the Sum of And, for want of Distress, the Offender

shall be committed to the House of Correction for

there to be kept to hard Labour; but nothing in the Act contained, shall be construed to extend to damage the Mills, upon the River, called King's , or prevent their Grinding or Working:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That no Person should wilfully or maliciously turn the Water out of the navigable Channel or Passage thereof, so as to give any Obstruction to the Navigation.: all Persons offending should forfeit within

Months, to be recovered in any of her Majesty’s Courts of Record, or before Justices of Assize, or Justices of the Peace, in their General Quarter Sessions for the County where such Offence or Offences should be committed; but, if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor should be nonsuited, then he, she, or the}"-, should pay unto the Defendant, his, her, or their. Costs:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Edward Warnford Esquire was pre- Cricklade sen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That at Election, the Election for Cricklade, in Wilts, in the room of Wm. Gore Esquire; the Petitioner, and Sam. Robinson Esquire, stood Candidates: That the said Robinson, by Bribes, tec. has procured himself to be returned; in Wrong of the Petitioner: That Joint Lane Bailiff, polled several who had no Right, for Mr. Robinson-, and refused others who had a Right, for the Petitioner; and denied to return the Petitioner, although he had a legal Majority of 63; and declared, before the Election,

That if Mr. Robinson had but Five Votes, he would return him: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to ihe Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Sir Geo. Beaumont presented to the House, according publick to Order, a Bill for taking, examining, and staling, the Accounts, publick Accounts of the Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

. The

i$ AttN. ii0 — 12 J

Curates The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

Maintenance, whole House, upon the Bill for the better Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, who supply the Places of Rectors and Curates not rending upon their Rectories and Vicarages.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Peter King took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Peter King reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received on Wednesday Morning next.

Ways and The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Means. whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Insolvent Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to pebtors. whom the Bill for the Relief of poor insolvent Debtors, was committed, be taken into farther Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Wise's Debt Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom-to the Crown. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Robert Wise, and his Sureties, for the Debts which he owes her Majesty, or stands bound for as Surety for Customs on Tobacco.

Itching Ordered, That Mr. Thomas, Mr. Wallis, Colonel

Navigation. King, Colonel Butler, Mr. Morrison, Mr. Randyll, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, and make more effectual, an Act, made in the 16 and 17th Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise passable, by Boats, Barges, and other Vessels; as far as the same relates to the River Itchin, alias Itchingj is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenings do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Brown's for vesting Part of the Estate of William Brown, an In- Estate, fant, lying in the Parishes of Bridgwater, North -

ton, and Weston Zoyland, in the County of Somerset, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of a Mortgage, and other Debts and Legacies, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Tver velyan. Sir Edward Williams, Mr. Edzvards, Sir Fran.

Warre, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Heysham, Lord Wm. Pow-lett, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr Mr.

Lei'inz, Mr. Corselles, Lord Downe, Mr. Mr.

Bracebridge, Mr. Tilney, Mr. NeiolMr. Pytts, Sir

Edm. Prideaux, Sir Robert Davers, Colonel Palmer,

Mr. Quick, Mr. Bulteel, Sir Arth.Kay, Mr. Carter, Mr.

Aldworth, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Collier, Mr. Walpole, Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Wicky, Mr. Nicholas; and all that serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in Speaker’s Chamber: And have Leave to sit in a Morning, if they think fit.

Mr. Murray presented to the House, according to Revenues of Order, a Bill to appoint Commissioners to enquire into Scotch the Value of the Rents and Revenues which belonged BlshoPs* to the Archbishops and Bishops in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, and into the Value of all Grants and Alienations of the same since the Year 1689; and to what Uses, and upon what Considerations, the same have been granted: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to explain, and make more effectual, an Act Scotch Line ’ passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for Manufacture, preventing Abuses in making Linen Cloth, and regulating the Lengths and Breadths, and equal Sorting of Yarn, in each Piece, made in Scotland-, and for whitening the same, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

ham. Lord Wm. Pozolett, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr.

Mr. Boscawen, Sir Edward KnatchbullMr. Pytts, Sir Arth. Kay, Sir James Stuart, Mr. London, Mr. Brodrick,

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Chamberlain, Sir /o/t»

Trevelyan, Mr. Carnegy, Mr. Monro, Mr. Poiolett, Mr.

Aldworth, Mr. Quick, Mr. Trevanion, Sir Robert Davers,

Mr. Elliott, Sir Wm. Withers, Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr.

Foley, Captain Littleton, Mr. Guidott-, and all that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Leave to sit in a Morning, if they think fit.

Stealing

Cattle.

Sabbati, 12° die Junii;

Anno 13* Ann® Regin®, 1714.

Prayers.

I~\ANIEL Burr took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual preventing, and punishing, the Stealing, and unlawful Killing, of Cattle, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. To leave out " and for Discovery " thereof:"

Pr. L. After " " to insert " Horse, Mare, " or Gelding

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual preventing, and punishing, the Stealing, or unlawful Killing, of Cattle.

Vol. 17.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Edwin’s a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to im- Debt to power the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners the Crown, of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Edwin, of London, Merchant, for such Debts as he stands bound for, as Surety for Thomas Coleman Tobacco Merchant.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bulteel took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bulteel reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Duty on Committee of the whole House, upon the BUI to explain Lawns, a Clause in an Act of Parliament, of the Tenth Year of her Canva*' "c* Majesty’s Reign, for laying several Duties upon all Soap and' Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and upon chequered and striped Linens imported;

a and

680 i2°

tmd Upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Staffs, printe 1, painted, or stained , and upon several Kinds of stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and upon certain printed Pamphlets and Advertisements; for raising the Sum of Eighteen hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a Lottery; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; so far as relates to Lawns, Canvas, Buckrams, Barras, and Silesia Neckcloths.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ncz viand look the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Neiclamlreported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

t’mvrouglit The House, according to Order, resolved itself into lucle. a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain Part of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for inlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1709; so far as it relates to unwrought Incle imported into this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed. That there was a Difference in the Committee who should take the Chair of the Committee;

Ordered, That Mr. do take the Chair of the

Committee.

Then Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. London took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. London reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ways ani Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Means. Committee of the whole House, who were to consider fur-

ther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majest}’, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in 3t the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and arc as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, aDuty belaidupon all Soap made mGreat Britain, or imported into the same, over and above allDuties chargeable thereupon by any Act or Acts of Parliament nowin Force.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said further Duty upon foreign Soap imported be after the Rate of One Peny per Pound Weight Avoirdupois.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said further Duty upon all Soap made in Great Britain be after the Kate of One Halfpeny per Pound W eight Avoirdupois.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Stocks of Soap in the Hands of any Persons trading or dealing the rein, for the Sale, be chargeable with the like further or additional Duties.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the whole additional Duties aforesaid upon such Soap as shall be exported be drawn back.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the said additional Duties for such Soap as shall be used in the Woollen Manufacture, or in Goods mixed with Wool, whereof the greatest Part of the Value shall he Wool, shall be drawn back.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, certain Duties be laid upon all Paper, Pasteboards, Mil-boards, and Scaleboards, imported into Great Britain, Books and Prints excepted; and upon all Paper, Paste-

Jumu 17

boards, Milboards, and Scaleboards, made in Great Britain; and upon all Paper painted, printed, or stained, for Hangings, within the same; over and above the present Duties on the said Commodities respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That such new and additional Duties on the said Paper, Pasteboard, Milboards, and Scaleboards; and on printed, painted, and stained, Paper; be One Moiety of the Rates or Duties chargeable on them respectively by One Act made in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’* Reign, in that behalf.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Stock of such Paper and Boards, as aforesaid, in the Hands of Dealers therein, for Sale, be charged with the like new or additional Duties.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, certain Duties be laid upon such imported Linens, excepting La w'ns, Canvas, Barras, and Silesia Neckcloths; and upon such Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great;

as are chargeable with Duties by the Act made in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, in that behalf; over and above the present Duties on those Commodities respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such new or additional Duties on the Commodities last mentioned, except as aforesaid, be the like Rates or Duties as are chargeable on the same Commodities respectively by the said Act made in the Tenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Stocks of such Linens, Silks, Callicoes, and Stuffs, as aforesaid, in the Hands of Dealers therein, for Sale, be charged with One Moiety of such new additional Duties to be laid thereupon respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Duty be laid upon every Piece of Velluni, Parchment, or Paper, upon which shall be written any Transfer of Stock in any Company, Society, or. Corpora-ration, whatsoever within Great over and above

the present Duties payable to her Majesty for the same.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such further Duty upon Transfer of Stock be the Sum of 4 s.6 d. for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, whereupon the same shall be written.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty be laid upon all Starch made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; over and above all Duties chargeable thereupon by any Act of Parliament now’ in Force.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said further Duty on foreign Starch imported be after the Rate of 2. d. per Pound Weight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said further Duty upon Starch made in Great Britain be after the Rate of 1 d. per Pound Weight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, a further Duty be laid upon, such Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, whereupon certain Matters or Things shall be ingrossed or written; over and above all Duties already chargeable on them, or any of them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, 011 w’hich any Grant, or Letters Patents, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or under the Great Seal of Scotland, or the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, of any Honor, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty, or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Body Politick or Corporate, or Exemplifications of the same, shall be ingrossed or written. Commissions of Rebellion in Process always excepted, the Sum of 40$.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any

Pardon

ic

*3 Ann. i 2d Jmli.681

Pardon, except the general Circuits, and Newgate Par- passed of made by any Presbytery, or other Spiritual Ways mi; dons, of or for any Crime or Offence, or of any Sum of Power, in Scotland, the Suiti of 5 Sterling; Licences Mean*. Money, or Forfeiture, whatsoever, or on which any to Schoolmasters and Tutors excepted.;

"Warrant of Reprieve, or Relaxation from, any pecuniary Resolved, That it is the Opinion, of this Committee,

Fine, or Forfeiture, exceeding £. 100. or from any That the said Duty be, for every 8km or Piece of Vellum Corporal Punishment, shall be ingrossed or written, the or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon whiqh Sum of 40^. Sterling. any Writ of Error, or Appeal, except to the Delegates,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of 5 S erling.

That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum Resolved, Thai, it is the Opinion of this Committee, or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which That the said Duty, be, for every Skin.or Piece of Vellum any Grant from her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which of any Sum of Money exceeding £. 100. Sterling, shall be jugrossed or written any

which shall pass the Great Seal of Great Britain, the deliber in England, Wales, or Great Seal of Scotland, or the Privy Seal, not directed Tweed, or upon which shall be ingrossed, written, pr to the Great Seal, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum regristrat, any Writ or Instrument for the like Purpose, of 40s. Sterling. with such Signijicavit pro corporis deliberatione, which

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, shall be passed or made by any Presbytery, or Spiritual That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vel- Power, in Scotland, the Sum of 5 s. Sterling, lum or Parchment, and Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed, which, any Grant of any Office or Employment in That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vejl.uiji Great Britain which shall be above the Value of £. 50. or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which Sterling per Annum, shall be ingrossed or written, the shall be ingrossed or written any Sentence that shall be Sum of 40$. Sterling. given in the Court of the Lord High Admiral of England,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, or of the Lord High Admiral of Scotland, Court of the That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum Cinque Port£ exercising Admiralty Jurisdiction, or iri or Parchment, on which any Grant of Lands in Fee, any Court exercising Admiralty Jurisdiction in Great Lease for Years, or other Grant of Profit, not before Britain, or any Attachment that shall be made out of agreed to be particularly charged, that shall pass the any of the said Courts of Admiralty, or any Relaxation Great Seal of Great Britain, Great Seal of Scotland, the of any such Attachment, the Sum of 5 Sterling.

Seal of the Exchequer in England or Scotland, the Seal Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of the Duchy or County Palatine of I^ancas/er, or the That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum Privy Seal in England or Scotland, not directed to the or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which Great Seal, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of any Letters of Mart shall be ingrossed or written, the Forty Shillings Sterling. Sum of 5 Sterling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vel- That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum lum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon whieji which any Dispensation to hold Two Ecclesiastical shall be ingrossed or written any Pfobate of a Will, or Dignities or Benefices, or both a Dignity and a Benefice, Letters of Administration, for any Estate above the or any other Dispensation or Faculty, from the Lord Value of 100. Sterling, not being the Will of, or Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Master of the Facul- Letters of Administration taken to, any common Seg-ties for the Time being, shall be ingrossed or written, men or Soldier slain or dying in the Service of her Ma-the Sum of 40 s. Sterling. jesty, her Heirs or Successors, the Sum of 5 s. Sterling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vel- That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum lum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which which shall be ingrossed or written any Admittance, or any Recognizance, Statute Staple, or Statute Merchant, Instrument for Admitting, of any Fellow of the College shall be ingrossed, written, entered of Record, or regis-of Physicians, or of any Attorney, Clerk, Advocate, tered, in any Court or Office, the Sum of 5 Sterling.

Proctor, Notary, or other Office or Officers, inany Court Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, whatsoever, in Great Britain, not being an annual That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellurp OfficerinanyCorporation, orinferiorCourt, whose Office or Parchment, upon which any Record of Nisi print. isunder the Value of^C. 10. Sterling/jer^M/wwi inSalary, or Posted, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of Fees, or other Perquisites, the Sum of 40 s.Sterling. 2 s. 6d. Sterling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vel- That the said Duty be, for every Ski nor Piece of Vellum lum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which which any Appeal from the High Courts of Admiralty, any Commission issuing out of any Ecclesiastical Court, either in England or Scotland, Court of Arches, or the not otherwise charged, shall be ingrossed or written^ Prerogative Courts of Canterbury or York, shall be the Sum of is. 6d. Sterling.

ingrossed or written, the Sum of 40 s.Sterling, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Piece of Vellum, Parch-That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vel- ment, or Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or lttm or Parchment, upon which any Exemplification, registered, any Warrant, Monition, or personal Decree, of what Nature soever, that shall pass the Seal of any not otherwise agreed to be charged in any Court of Ad-Court whatsoever, shall be ingrossed or written, the miralty, oranyCourtexercising Admiralty Jurisdiction iy Sum of 5 s.Sterling. the Cinque Ports, or in Scotland, or upon which any bene-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ficia!Warrant, or Order, under the Sign ManualofherMar That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vel- jesty, her Heirs or Successors, except Warrants or Orders lum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon for the Service of the Navy, Army, and Ordnance, shaty which shall be ingrossed or written any Institution or be ingrossed or written, the Sum of is. 6d. Sterling.

Licence that shall pass the Sea! of any Archbishop or Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, or any Ecclesi- That the said Duty be, for every Piece of Vellum, Parch-astical Court, whatsoever, in England, Wales, or Berwick ment, or Paper, upon which any special Bail to be taken upon Tweed, or upon which shall be ingrossed, written, in any of the Courts at Westminster, or before any of or registered, any Writ or Instrument, for the like Pur- the Judges of the said Courts, or any Commissioner pose with any such Institution or Licence, that shall be or Commissioners, in that behalf authorized, or in any Vo?,. 17. L Court

Ways and

6&1 la° Junii. . 1714.

Court whatsoever, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of 1 v. Sterling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment,.or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Bill, Answer, Replication, Rejoinder, Interrogatories, Depositions taken by Commissions, the Paper Draughts of such Depositions excepted, or any other Pleadings whatsoever in the Courts of Chancery, Exchequer, Duchy Court, and County Palatine Courts, or other Courts of Chancery or Equity, in Great Britain, the Sum of i s. Sterling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, and Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which ' shall be ingrossed or Written any Admission into any Corporation, Guild, or Company, in Great Britain, or any Matriculation in either of the Two Universities, or any Admission into any of the Inns of Court, or Inns of Chancery, in England, not particularly agreed to be charged, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Skin of Vellum or Parchment, or She et or Piece of Paper, upon which any Decree or Dismission made by or in any the Courts l Chancery or Exchequer in England or Scotland, Court of the County Palatine or Duchy of Laiicaster, Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Durham, or other Court of Chancery or Equity whatsoever, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of 6 d. Sterling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any Affidavit shall be in-gros.ied or written in Great Britain, except Affidavits taken pursuant to several Acts, made in the 30th and 32d Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for Burying in Woollen, and except such Affidavits as shall be taken before the Officers of the Customs, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before any Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, by any Act of Parliament, for the assessing and levying any Aids or Duties granted, or to be granted, to her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors; and which Affidavits shall betaken by the said Officers of the Customs, Justices, or Commissioners; 'by virtue of their Authority, as Justices of the Peace,' Commissioners, or Officers, respectively, and not otherwise; the Sum of 6d. Sterling.

R solved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty he, for every Piece of Parchment or Paper, upon which any Copy of such Affidavit as is before charged, that shall he filed, or read, in any Court whatsoever, shall he ingrossed or written, the Sum of 6 tl. Sterling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the siid Duty he, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall he ingrossed or written, in Great Britain, any Indenture, Lease, or any Deed, not otherwise charged, the Sum of 6 d. Sterling, except Indentures for binding poor Parish or Charity Children Apprentices.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any original Writ, except such Original on which a Writ of Capias issues, Sub/mma, Bill of Latitat,

W l it of Capias quominus, Writ of Decimals potestatem, to hike Answers or Fines, examine Witnesses, or appoint Guardians, or any othct Writ whatsoever, or any other Process or Mandate that shall issue out of, or pass the Seals of, any of the Courts of Westminster, Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, Courts in Counties Palatine, or any other Court whatsoever in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to 40s. or above, or the Thing in Demand is of that Value; Writs of Covent for levying Finos, Writs of Entry for suffering common 'Recoveries, Writs of Habeas corpus, and Certiorari, always

excepted; or any Commission, Bill, Mandate, Preccnt, or Process, from any Civil Court or Session in Scotland, having* Jurisdiction touching Matters of the Value of 40s. or above; the Sum of 6d. Sterling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Dufy be, for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any Entry of any Action in the Mayor’s and Sheriffs Courts of Em don, and in Courts in all Corporations, and other Courts whatsoever, out of which no Wrils, Process, or Mandates, issue, holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage ‘ doth amount to 4o.v. or above, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of 6 d. Sterling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Piece of Vellum* Parchment, or Paper, upon which any common Bail or Appearance to be filed, entered, or registered, in any Court whatsoever, shall be ingrossed, written, or registered, the Sum of 6d. Sterling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Rule or Order made or given in any the Courts at Westminster, either Courts of Law or Equity, or upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or registrat, any Interlocutory Rule, Order, or Act, of Court, made or given in the Courts of Session or Justiciary, Court of Exchequer, or any other of her Majesty’s Superior Courts in Scotland, the Smn of 6cL Sterling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any Copy of such Rule, Order, or Act of Court, shall be entered or registered, or the Copies of any oilier Records, Acts, Proceedings, or judicial Writs, or Writs belonging to the Execution of Sentences, in any of the said Courts, not otherwise charged, the Sum of 6d. Sterling. 1

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Citation or Monition made in, or Summons or other Mandate from, any Ecclesiastical Court, or Presbytery, or any Libel, or Allegation, Deposition, Answer, Sentence, or final Decree, or Inventory, exceeding ,£. 100. made, given, or exhibited, to or in any such Ecclesiastical Court, or Presbytery, or in any Court of Admiralty, or Cinque Ports, or any Court or Assembly exercising Spiritual or Admiralty Power or Jurisdiction, or whereupon any Copies of them respectively shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of 6d. Sterling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon Which shall be ingrossed or written any Charter-party, Policy of Insurance, Passport, Bond, Release, Contract, or other obligatory Instrument, or any Protest, Procuration, Letter of Attorney, or any other notarial Act whatsoever, in Great Britain, not otherwise charged, the Sum of 6d. Sterling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That The said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece.of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Declaration, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, or other Pleading whatsoever, in any Court of Law in England, Wales, or Beneick upon Ticeed; or upon which shall be im grossed, written, or registrat, any Libel, Allegation, Plea, Reply, Duply, Interrogatory, Deposition, or other Pleading, or Writ, either by way of Allegation or Proof, on behalf of any Party litigant, in any Court or Session in Scotland, not otherwise charged; the Sum of id. Sterling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any Copy of any of them shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of 1 d> Sterling.

% ‘ . Resolved,

i3 Ann,

12* — 140 Junii.

68s

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Velr lum> or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Depositions taken in the Court of Chancery, or other Court ,of Equity; except the Paper Draughts of Depositions, taken by virtue of any Commission, before they are ingrossed; or upon which any Copy of any Bill, Answer, Plea, Demurrer, Replication, Rejoinder, Interrogatories, Depositions, or other Proceedings whatsoever, in any Court of Equity, shall be ingrossed or written; the Sum of One Peny Sterling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which a Copy of any Will shall be ingrossed or written1, the Sum of i d. Sterling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That where more than One of any the Matters or Things aforesaid shall be ingrossed, written, entered, or registered, upon One Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, the said respective Duties be charged upon every One of such Matters and Things respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to be charged as aforesaid, and which hath been already stamped, in pursuance of the former Acts of Parliament relating to her Majesty’s Stamp-duties, shall, before any the said Matters or Things be written or ingrossed thereupon, such Writing or Ingrossing being after the First Day of August 1714, be brought to be stamped with a Third Mark or Impression; and that all such Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, which shall, after that Day, not have been stamped, pursuant to the said former Acts, shall, before the said Matters or Things be written or im-grossed thereupon, such Writing or-Ingrossing being after the said First Day of August 1714, be brought to be stamped with such Marks or Impressions, as may properly denote the Duties charged thereupon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the additional Duties upon Soap and Paper, and upon certain Linens, Silks, Callicoes, and Stuffs, and upon Transfers of Stocks, and upon Starch, and upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, be granted to her Majesty lor the Term of 32 Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion, of this Committee, That a Fund of JO. 112,500. per Annum, for 32 Years, be settled and established, and charged: upon, and made payable out of, all the said additional Duties, for raising the Sum of £. 1,500,000. by way of a Lottery.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Money which is unappropriated, or that shall arise out of the Surplusages, on Accounts paid into the Exciter quer, be applied to the current Service of this Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the further Encouragement of the LeatherMa-inifacture in this Kingdom,a Drawback of the whole Duty of One Peny Halfpeny per Pound Weight be allowed on all tanned Leather, which slpdl be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and exported out of Great Britain, to be ascertained, according to the Weight of such Wares or Goods respectively.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.-

Tellers for the Yeas f Mr‘ >,

ieilerstortne 1 eas,^Mr S

Tellers for the Now,[

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And that the said Resolution be re-committed to the said Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the Residue of the said Resolutions be re-committed to the said Committee.

Vol. 17.

101.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for . raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Committee do sit de die in ‘diem.

e - -

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Woollen whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act,'passed in Manufacture, the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reigrr, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley. Broadcloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; was committed; be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Insolvent whom the Bill for the Relief of poor insolvent Debtors Debtors* Was committed; be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House, will, upon this Day African Month, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lrttde* House, to consider of the Trade to Africa.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

'Luna, 140 did Junii',.

Anno 13* Ann® Reginse, 1714.

Prayers.

RESOLVED, That an humble Address be pre-Chaplain;

sented to her Majesty, That she will be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Doctor Felling, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are- of her Majesty’^ most honourable Privy Council.

An ingrossed Bill for making more effectual an Act, Bristol Poor, passed in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William IJId, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the City of Bristol, and for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the . Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Wm. Illd, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Earle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee; to Lord How'* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate.

Act for rendering valid and effectual Two several Indentures of Demise and Mortgage, executed by Scroope late Lord Viscount Hmv in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, by virtue of a former Act of Parliament, made for enabling him thereunto, notwithstanding some Defects therein, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true.; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Clayton presented to the House, according to Preserving Order, a Bill for the preserving all such Ships, and Shipwrecks. Goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on

Shore,

Y)agenham

Breach.

fcarl of Bane! Estate.

Ftibliek Accounts.

Karl of Bella-moiit's Estate.

Ways and Means.

»4° — i 50 Jutfii. A-! 17 f4.

Stftsvv; df sffrttfhlPd; upoffflte (S’ofctisUftllia Kirigdbm,

W i % f h'<sV wyj^e/s DonVfoton!*: Aid flw saSrtW

f j

The Order* of th^ Oay being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the soeedy and effectual proserving the Navigations of the River of Thames, by stopping the Breach W the Levels of ffai'esnigtand Dagenham, in the County of r

Mr. Speaker left tpe Chair.

lyfr. Chapman took the Chair of the- Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chapman reported from the Committee, That the'y had made a further Progress in the BiH; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to sit again*

Resolved, That this House Wits, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Whomf the Bill for Said of the Estate late of Richard FUrt 6f Rartelagh, deceased, at Chelsea and in the County of Middlesex and Berks, tv is Committed1, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

; 1 *

A Bill for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of this Kingdom, was read a Second time.

Resorted, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole HouSe.

Mr. Conyers repPftedfrom the Committee, That drey liad madesome Program the Matter M them referred; and1 hod* ditedted Hine to1 move1 the' Hhuae, That? the Gntihttissibrters of Excise ihay attend* die Committed, anti* ley before them an Account of the Number'of Publick-hnutiest-hat! sell'arty exdistablfeLiquors by Retail.

Otd&rid, That the Commissioners of Excise do attend the Committee Uf the Whole House; who are to consider fbrtftei1 of Ways artd Means for raising the Supply granted to het Majesty, Tomorrow Morning; and' lay before theth On AccouWt Of the Number of Public k-housed that self Any eXeiseabte Liquors by Retail.

Ordered,*That the' Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain Part of an Act, made in the 7th Tear of her Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Capital-Stock, of the Bank oi and for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Serv ice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Nine;- so for as it relates to unwrought I rude imported into tins Kingdom; was committed; be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committed, to Wffom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of liet Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture Of Mixed or Medley Broadcloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed thereto; wris committed; be received upon ThtilsdayMorning next.

Resolved, Thpt this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into aCoidmittee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, ThHt it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That tiievdo appoint the same Commissioners for executing the rowers contained in the said BiH, who were appointed to put in Execution the former Act for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of this Kingdom, except Trances Annesley Esquire, who hath desired to be excused frohi the said Employment;

The House divided, j'lie Yeas go forth.

J.je.

So it passed in the Negative-

Resolved, That the Number of the Commissioners be Seven.

liesolved. That the Commissioners be chosen by way

of Balloting.

. Ordered. That the Members of the House do, upon ThursdayMorning next, prepare Lists, to be put into Glasses, of Seven persons Names, to be Commissioners f(v taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of poor insolvent Debtors, was committed, be taken into farther Consideration upon Saturday next, at Twelve a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mbrhltig, Nine of the Clock.

/. - a. *.1-1.:. l - - - - -- --- - - U ' — —

MartiSf 150 Jttnii;

Anno 13° Annas Reginae, 1714. Praters.

MR. Compton reported from the Committee, to Whont the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled-, An Act for parting and inclosingTwo great open Common Fields, and a large open Greensward Common Down, lying and being in the Manor and Parish of Thormarton, alias Farmington, in the County of Gloucester; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was Committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concernted had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Hohse, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Message froth the Lords, by Mr. Metier and Mr.

Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Ixirds have passed a Bill, Intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable Richard Earl of Belltimont to Setl Certain iJmds in Ireland, for raising Money to Jtnrc'ha^e the Jointure Of Lucy Anne Countess Dowager V»f Bella in out-, and for paying her Daughter’s Portion:

TO wftfcKthe Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

The ItoWso, hcetfrrting to Order, resolved itself into *CoflWH?ff<»e of the Whole HoUSe. to consider further of Why* afttl Means fur raising Hie Supply granted to her Majesty; and to whom the Resolutions the said Committee had formerly come, were re-committed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. 'Ce^i/ors 'took the Chair of The Cortintittee.

Mr. Speaker 'feitaued the Chair.

Sir John Phkington reported from the Committee, to whom the togVossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of someOnt-parts of the Estate of Simon ScrOope Esquire, in the Counties of YorkoxiANoltingham, for Payment Of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed: That they had examined the Allegations of the Rill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And «hc delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Bulled reported fretm the Committee of the whole House, to Whom the Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time befog,’to compound with of

London, Merchant, forjmch Debts as he stands bound for, 10 as

Unwrouglit

lncje.

Woollen M % > ntfacture.

Insolvent

Debtors.

Thormarton

Inclosure.

Scrooped

Estate.

Edwin a Debt to the Crown.

Ann. *5

as Surety For Thomas Coleman Tobacco-merchant, was committed, the Amendments the Committee had made to the Bill, and d.rested him to report to the House; and he read the Fame in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the HouFe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Earl of An ingrossed Bill From the Lords, intituled, An Act

Etllamoiu’s to enable the Right honourable Richard Earl of Eiuite. mont to fell certain Lands in , for railing Money

to purchase the Jointure of Countess Dow-

ager of Rellamont; and for paying her Daughter's Portion; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Eill be read a Second time.

Commis- Mr. Bulled presented to the House, according to toners of Order, a Bill to difdiarge and acquit the Conuniftioners EqnWatrtrt. of the Equivalent for the Sum of £.381,509. 15s.

by them issued out of the Sum of £.398,085 ior. paid to them, ptirfuant to the 15th Article of the Union: And the same was received.

Wire’* DM* The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a to the Crown. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer 6f Great Britain, or the Commissioniers of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Robert and his Sureties, far

the Debts which he owes her Majesty, or Hands bound for, as Surety for Cullonis on Tobacco.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they hod gone through the Bill, and made same Am^nd-ments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-, port, when the House wiH please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon day Morning next.

Laws Mr. Chetwyndreported from the Committee, to

wUting to whom thelfill for the more effectual Punishment of Vagrants. Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be sent, was committed. That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration upon Friday next, at Twelve a Clock.

Endowing The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Vicarages by Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for mak-incitjwm. jog Inclosures of feme Part of the Common Grounds in that Part of Great Britain called , for

endowing poor Vicarages, and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wrightson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.,

Mr. Wrightson reported from the said Committee, That, they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, That owe Robert Burrell, Clerk to Mr. John Ord, hath, in a Cause in the Court of Durham, wherein one William Rhtnfiy is Plaintiff, delivered a Declaration in Ejectment for same Lands in the County of Northumberland, in the Vo l. 17.

Possession of George Pill Esquire, a Member of this House; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint: And that they do report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Way* Committee of the whole House, to consider further of "d Mean*. Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That Ihe will be pleased to give Direction, That an Account be laid before this House of the publick Debts provided for by Parliament; and of what Interest is paid for such Debts respectively.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That Ihe will be pleased to give Direction,

That an Account be laid before this House of the publick Debts provided for by Parliament; and of what Interest is paid for such Debts respectively.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebar and Mr.

Lovibond;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Preventing to prevent the Growth of Schism; and for the further Security of tl Church of England, as by Law established; with several Amendments; To which th^y desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Prendergaff enable Sir Thomas Prendergajt Baronet, an Infant, to Estate’ fell Part of his Estate, lying in his County of Waterford, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for the Payment of his Father’s Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.1

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, Preventing to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the Growth of 9^ °* Schism; and for the further Security of the Church of Sc 1 m‘ England, as by Law established; be taken into Coalide-ration upon Thitrfday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Running next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bra*,dy-upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Running of Brandy.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned Call of the until this Day Sevennight. House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Southwark That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for Elettion. the Borough of Southwark be adjourned udtil this Day Fortnight;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, O: }

] 75.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Southwark be adjourned until this Day Sevennight, Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- Logging tuled. An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Francis Divorce. Ijogginv/xth SarahGardner; and to enable him to marry

again; be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

8 M Resolved,

686 i5° — i 6° Junii.A. 1714.

Dagenham Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Breach. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for the speedy and effectual preferring the Navigation of the River of Thames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of

Unwrought Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the . lncle. whole House, to whom the Bill to explain Part of an Act, made in the 7th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of , and for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1709; l'o far as it relates to unwrought Incle'imported into this Kingdom; was committed; be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 16° yunii;

Anno 13* Annae Reginae, 1714. Praveiis.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to discharge and acquit the Commissioners of Commis-the Equivalent, for the Sum of £.381,509 15 10 p,ners.of

by them issued out of the Sum of £.398,085 ior. paid t'8ulvaea to them, pursuant to the 15th Article of the Union, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Medlycott, according to Order, reported from p.arl of

Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of the Estate late Ranelagh'* of Richard Earl of Ranelagh, deceased, at Chelsea and Cranborne, in the Counties of Middlesex and Berks, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

General Stanhope presented to the House, according Discovering to Order, a Bill for providing a publick Reward for such the Lon-Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude: And Sltude* the same was received.

Raising the A BI L L for raising the Militia for the Year 1714, Miluia. r\. although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Helfton Ordered, That M r. Ennys have Leave to withdraw Election. Ids Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Helfion, in the County of Cornwall.

Royrton, Stc.. An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual repairing and lloadi. amending the Highways leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wandsford-bridge, in the County of Huntington, w as read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. L. To leave out " that:"

Pr. L. To leave out " that':"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title } e, An Act for the more effectual repairing and amend-- ng the Highways leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wandsfo, in the County of Huntington.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew Dudley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

srotch Mr. Cunningham reported from the Committee, to

I.men whom the Bill to explain, and make more effectual, an Manufacture. ^.ft, passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for preventing Abuses in making Linen Cloth, and regulating the Lengths and Breadths, and equal Sorting of Yarn, in each Piece made in; and for whitening

the fame; was committed; That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed uuto by the House.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved it self into a Dagenham Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Breach, the Bill for the speedy and effectual preferring the Navigation of the River of Thames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chapman took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chapman reported from the said Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Saturday

Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Scotch ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Miliua. House, upon the Bill for settling the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Curates whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Support Ma,meu*nc*-and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England; and for the preventing the Sale of the next Avoidance of Ecclesiastical Benefices; was committed; be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Loggin’* intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Divorce. Francis Loggin and Sarah Gardner; and to enable him to marry again; be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Tobacco Act for encouraging the Tobacco-trade, without any Trade. Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Way* Committee of the whole House, to consider further of *"d Means. Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty; and to whom the former Kesolutions of the said Committee were re-committed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

j 6 Mr.

Committees.

Harwich

Election.

Wife’s Debt to the Crown

Barr’s Nat.

Light at land’s End.

Cherry’s

Estate.

13 Ann. i69 — 170 Junii,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. ConyerS reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred.

Ordered, That all Committees which are appointed to meet this Evening be adjourned.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do proceed to hear the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex, upon Friday next;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yea,8a,

Tellers for he Noes

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

his Wife; and for the converting the same into ready Money, for the Benefit of his Wife and Children; and for the Sale of divers other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Payment of the Debts of the said Francis Cherry, and of the Debts of William Cherry Esquire, deceased; and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill for the preserving all such Ships, and Goods Preserving thereof, which shall happen to be forced on Shore, or Shipwrecks, stranded upon the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other her Majesty’s Dominions, was rc"d the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 170 Junii;

Anno 13® Annas Regime, 1714.

Prayers.

MR. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Robert Wife, and his Sureties, for he Debts which he owes her Majesty, or (lands bound for, as Surety for Customs on Tobacco, was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for naturalizing Daniel Burr, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Bell, Sir Tho. Johnson, M Mr

Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Ward, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Ash,

Mr . Cotesworth, Mr. Piggott, Mr. Earle, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Mordaunt, Sir Gilbert Elliott, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Weaver, Mr. Wild, Mr. Heath, Mr. Gore, Sir Win. Barker, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. son, Lord Dozen, Sir Christo. Hales, Mr. Newland, Mr. Corfellis, Mr. Weeks, Sir Pincent Charnock: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for making an Harbour, and setting up Two Lights, at the Land's End, in Cornwall, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Wm. Whitlock reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, contained in the Marriage Settlement: of Francis Cherry Gentleman, deceased, and Elizabeth V® L, 17.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A£1 Loggin's for dissolving the Marriage of Francis Loggin with Divorce. Sarah Gardner; and to enable him to marry again; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Prendergast’* to enable Sir Thomas Prendergajl Baronet, an Infant, Estate. to fell Part of his Estate, lying in the County of ford, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for the Payment of his Father’s Debts; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for making more effectual an Act, ' Trent of the 10th and 11th Years of the lleign of King Wil- Navigation. Ham, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That all Goods carried upon theRiver, betwixt Burton and Swarkstone, shall pay the Duty payable at the Upper Lock, as if such Goods had passed through the said upper Lock; and all Goods carried upon the River betwixt Swarkstone and the nether Lock, shall pay the like Duties as if the same had passed through the nether Lock; but not to charge Ferryboats crofting the River:

And the same was thrice read; and then, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Pr. 10. L. To Leave out " Issues," and to insert " lffiie," inst<?ad thereof: ,

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making, more eflecfual an Act, of the ioth and 11th Years of the Reign -of King intituled, An Act For making and'keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, and Stafford,

navigable. ’

Ordered, That Mr. Netvdigdle do dktty the Bill to the Lords and deftre their Concurrence.

’ " 9

A Bill for providing a publick Reward for such Per- Discovering son or Persons as shall discover thd Longitude, was the Longuude.' read the First time.

Resolved, That the’ Bill be read a Second time.

The

688

170 Ju

A. 1714.

Public The Order of the Day being read, for making Choice Accounts. of Commissioners for examining, taking, and dating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom;

Members Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this summoned. House do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall, and Courts there, and the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Ballot for The Clerk and Clerk Assistance went on each Side the

Commit. House, with Glades, to receive from the Members the

Goner*. Lists of persons Names to be the said Commissioners:

And, being received, the same were brought up to the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Lifts: And that they do report upon which Seven Persons Names the Majority falls:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

Mr. Cholmondly, Sir A rth Mr General

Stanhope, Lord Wm. Powictt, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Newdigate, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Strickland, Mr.

Jelles, Mr. Trevanion, Mr. , Sir,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Aijlahie, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr.

Mr, Pitt, Sir John Hind , Mr. Hare, Mr.

ley, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Carnegie, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Baker, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Wright/on, Mr. Phelipps, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Eden, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Cur ranee, Mr. ney, Mr. Colemore, Lord Lumley: And they are te withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

And they withdrew accordingly.

Commission- A Bill to discharge and acquit the Commissioners of V*of . the Equivalent, for the Sum t»f 381,509 15$. 10 4uiv en . by them fflued out of the Sum of 398,085 ior. paid to them, pursuant to the 15th Article of the Union, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, 'That the Bill be committed te a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

for naturalizing Samuel Dupree, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Davers, Mr. London, Sir Wm. Barker, Mr. Clayton, Sir

Tho.Jolinfon, Sir Wm, Pole, General Sir Ri-

chard Hoar, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Currance, Mr. Weaver,

Mr. Chamberlain, Mr. Heysham, Sir Christo. Hales, Mr.

Gold, Sir Hen. Jolinfon, Mr. Naylor, Mr.

Mr. Eden, Mr. Lade, Mr. Clarke, Sir Tho. Hardy, Mr.

Pytls, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Drake, Sir Chrifo.

Lord Doivne, General Stanhope, Sir Mr.

Sheppard, Mr. Corfelles, Sir DavidDalrymple, Mr: Jennings, Mr . Hungerford, Mr. Chapman, Mr. Freeman,

Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Burslem: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in tho Speaker’s Chambers: And they have Leave to fit in a Morning, if they think lit.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act, for Hamilton'* vesting in Frederick Hamilton, Esquire, certain Lands Estate. and Hereditaments, in the Kingdom of Ireland, purchased by him of the Executors of Joseph Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And

That the Lords have also passed a Bill, intituled, An Lady King-A61 to enable the Right honourable Rachael Lady King- fton* Lliate. son, an Infant, to make a Lease of Part of her Jointure Estate, notwithstanding her Infancy: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ey frier's, ft-c. to naturalize James Eymer, and others, with some *iat‘ Amendments: To which they desire the Concilrrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring a Bill for New Church making effectual an Agreement, made by the Com- la die Strand, missioners for building Fifty new Churches, with Walker Esquire, for some Ground in the Strand to build One of the new Churches upon: And that Mr.

Annefey, Colonel Child, and Sir Richard , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Preventi* Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, Growth of to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the Growth of

Schism. Schiftw; and for the for ther Security of the Church of

England, as by Law established; be taken into Consideration apon Tuesday Morning next.

Woollen Sir William Withers, according to Order, Reported

Manufacture. from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; wa» committed; That the Committee had heard the Petitioners, and their Counsel, upon the Petitions to them referred; and had made fevers! Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, In at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That, the Report he taken into Consideration upon Monday next at. Twelve-a Clock: And that the'Petitioners, ton Clothiers m and near the Town of Beckington, in the Couftty of Somerset, and the Clothiers iu Melltfham, and Places adjacent, in the County of Wilts, be then heard at the Bar of this House^ by themselves, or their Counsel, if they think fit, upon their Petitions, whiebrhave been.presented to the House, and were ordered. to lie. upab the Table Until-the Report of the said Bill was made.

Dupree’* NaU An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

A Bill for the Relief of the Exporters of Gold and Drawbackson Silver Thread, Lace, and Fringe, Mullins, and Calli- Gold Lace, coes, and other Goods therein mentioned, in relation &Cv weporwl*. to the Drawbacks for the fame; and for better focuping the Dirties upon several of the said Commodities; was-read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hamilton’s for vesting in Frederick Hamilton Esquire certain Lands Estate. and Hereditaments, in the Kingdom of Ireland, purchased by him of the Executors of Ivie, Esquire,

deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingfdffied Ml from the Lends, intituled, Act Act Lady to enable the Right honourable Rachael I^tdy J$ ^on’g

an Infant, to make a Lease of Part of her Jointure a Estate, notwithstanding her Infancy, was read the First titne.

Refolded, That the Bill be Tend a Second time.

Resolved, That this House Will, upon Monday MotH- p,biic ing next, resolve itself into a Committee'of the whole Accounts.

House,

13 Ann. 170 — 18 9

Edwin’t Debt to the Crown.

Duty on Lawns, Canvas, & c.

Laws relating to Vagrants.

Public

Accounts,

House, upon the Bill for taking, examining, and dating, the publick Accounts of this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, i8° die yunii;

Anno 13* Ann® Reginas, 1714-Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Edwin, of London, Merchant, for such Debts as he Hands bound for, as Surety for Thomas Coleman, Tobacco-merchant, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,'An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Edwin, of London, Merchant, for such Debts as he Hands bound for, as Surety for Thomas Coleman, Tobacco-merchant.

Ordered, That Mr. Bulled do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to explain a Clause in an Act of Parliament, of the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon

chequered and striped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; and upon several Kinds of flampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and upon certain printed Pamphlets and Advertisements; for raising the Sum of £. 1,800,000 by way of a Lottery; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; so far as relates to Lawns, Canvas, Buckrams, Barras, and Silesia Neckcloths; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain aClause in an Act of Parliament, of the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon certain chequered and striped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or fiained; and upon several Kinds of flampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper: and upon certain printed Pamphlets and Advertisements; for raising the Sum of £. 1,800,000 by way of a Lottery; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; so far as relates to Lawns, Canvas, Buckrams, and Silesia Neckcloths.

Ordered, That Mr. Newland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be sent, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the others agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday next. Twelve a Clock.

Sir John Hind Cotton reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the Lifts delivered in by the Members, to be Commissioners for taking, examining, and flating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report to the House, upon which Seven Persons the Majority fell: That they had examined the Lifts accordingly; and that the Majority hath fallen upon Thomas Lyfier Esquire James Bulled Esquire, Henry Bertie Esquire, Sir William Barker Baronet, George Vol. 17-

Lockhart Esquire, Jonathan Esquire, and

Abraham Blackmore Esquire; which Report he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read:

and is as followeth; viz.

Thomas Lyfier Esquire - - - 267

James Bulteel Esquire - - - - 228

Henry Bertie Esquire - - - - a to

Sir fVm. Barker Baronet - - - 204

Geo. Lockhart Esquire - - - 204

Jonathan Elford Esquire - - - 189

Abraham Blackmore Esquire - - - 184

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking, examining, and flating, the publick Accounts of this Kingdom, is committed, that they do insert the Names of the said Seven Gentlemen in the said Bill as Commissioners for putting the Powers contained therein in Execution.

Ordered, That the Directors of the South Sea Company do lay before this House an Account of all Proceedings in the said Company relating to the Assiento Trade; together with all Orders, Directions, Letters, or Informations, which the Directors, or any Committee of Directors, have received concerning the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that Ihe will be pleased to give Directions, That an Account be laid before this House of all Orders that have been sent to the Lords of the Admiralty for fitting any Ships to attend the Service of the Sea Company; and what Directions have been given for altering the Service for which such Ships were under Orders: and what Representations have been made by the Admiralty upon that Account.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. Fellows and Mr. Mellor:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords havepafleda Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Ambrose Browne Esquire, and others, to make Sale of the Manor of Bayham, in the Counties of Sussex and Kent-, and to settle other Lands and Tenements, in the County of Surry, to the same Uses as the said Manor of Bayham now Hands settled: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to reduce the Rate of Interest, without any. Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities: And that Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Freman, Mr. Cholmly, Mr. Harley, Mr Jjowndes, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Mr.

and Mr. Ward, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this Housewill, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing he Running of Brandy.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain Part of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1709; so far as it relates to unwrought Incle imported into this Kingdom; was committed; be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1714; although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

8 N House,

Afliento

Trade.

South Sea Trade.

Browne’* Eft ate.

Reducing

Interest.

Running

Brandy.

Unwrought

Incle.

Raising the Militia.

Scotch

Militia.

Committees.

Earl of

Bellamont*

Eiiate.

Revenue* of

Scotch

Bishops.

Insolvent

Debtors.

696 Jutuh 1714.

House, upon the Bill for settling) the Militiaman1 thAt Part of Great Britain called

A Motion being made, and the Questitm being put That all Committees which are tofitthia' Evening be adjourned;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.J. M \ 67'

Tellers for the Noesf *9-

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow# Morning, Nine of the Clock.

8abb at 190 Junit \

Anno 13* Annas Reginse 1714.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords; ihtithled] An Act L to enable the Right honourable Richard Earl of Bellamontto fell certain Lands in Ireland', for railing Money to pu rchafe the Jointure of Lucy Anne Countess Dowager of bellamont; and for paying her Daughter’s Portion; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed' to Sir John Packington, Mr. Campion, Mr. Mr.

General Eclyn, Mr. Mcdlycott', Sir Ckr. Muflgrave, MV.

Baidu yn, Mr. Dockmin ique;Sir Sir

Mordaunt, Mr. Pendarvis, Mr. Lifter, M'r.

Sir 77/o. Powell, Sir Robert Mr. Jennings, Mr;

Foley, Mr. R money. Mr. Archer. Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Shackerley, Sir Wm. Pole, M'r. Mr. Southwell,

Mr. Burjlcm, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Sheppard, Lord IVm. Powlett, M'r. Cotnpton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: AWf they have Leave to fit in a Morning, if they think fit.

A Bill to appoint Commissione'rs' to inn hire into the Value ofthfe Rents and Revenues Which belonged'so the Archbishops and Bishops hi that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and into the Value of all Grants and Alienations of the same since the Year i68y; and to what Uses; and upon' what Considerations, the same have been granted'; was read a Second' time.

Resolved, That the BiH be fcommitted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon next,

at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, uport the said Bill.

23d Apr. 1714; and to take an Oath thereof of fuct» hi* Servitude, and that the Certificate is true;

And the Question being put,' That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered, to be-added-to the-BHf, for-relieving of such Persons as have served abroad, either by Sea or Land, in the late War*:

And the same was twice read; with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question1 put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made'Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered^ to be added to The Bill, against Persons convicted1 of Purjury:

And the same whs twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be-Hfcule Part of the Bilk

Another Clause was offered, to be added-te the Bill,; to- prevent Prisoners making fraudulent Conveyances-of their Estates:

And then the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Clause was amended:

And then the Clause was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, That the Sheriffs of Lon- Infold*. don attended; Debu.rS-

They were called in; and* at the Bar, presented a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of London.

A nd then they withdrew.

And the Petition was read; setting forth. That if tile Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors should pass, it will much prejudiceTradeand Credit in general: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill- be read the Third time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, thereupon, at the Bar of this House, if they think fit.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into- a wavi Committee of the whole House, to consider further of and Me*. Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed- the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had considered the former Resolutions, which were recommitted to them; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of poor insolvent Debtors, was committed:

And the Residue of the Amendments, as far as Clause A, were once read throughout; and thenaSecohd time, one by one; grid upon the Question severallyput thereupon, fbme of them were disagreed unlo, and the rest agreed unto, by the House.

Clause A being read d Second time, That all and every insolvent Person, Who is, or hath been in her Majesty’s Service, and which shall conform to the Act shall be fully discharged; and set at Libferty, front all Debts and Demands contra6ted before or in their Servitude, and shall have the Benefit of the Act, as if they had been Prisoners on 23d April 1714; provided such Person give Notice, in the Gazette, thereof; aDd such Person to produce to the Justiceshis Certificate, sign‘ed by hisCftptain or Officer, of such his Servitude, as aforesaid, before

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Fndow: whole House, to whom the Bill for making Inclosures of \jra"S feme Part of the Common Grounds in that Part of Great bji odour.. Britain called England, for endowing poor Vicarages and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Earl of whom the Bill for Sale of the Estate late of Richard Earl Kanelagii of Ranelagh, deceased, at Chelsea and Cranborn, in the Elu"-

Counties of Middlesex and Berks, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday next, at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Dagtihm whole House, to Whom the Bill for the speedy and ef- lir*acl1-feftual preserving the Navigation of the River ot'TJiames, by Hopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered,

Curates

Maintenance.

Loggin’a

Divorce.

Un wrought Incle.

Raising the Militia.

Browne’s

Estate.

Hamilton’s

Estate.

Unwrought

Incle.

i jr AWn; - Jq Jun69*

Ordered, That the Repo.rtfrom the Committee of the whbleHbufe, to whom the Bill' for the better Maintenance of Curate* within the Ghwrph1 of and for the preventing, the Safe of the next Avoidance of Ecclesiastical Benefices; was committed; be received upon Wednfday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House wiH, uporv Thursday'hlorn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the' whole House, upon the ingroftbd'Bfll from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Francis Loggia- with Sarah Gardner ajjdf tp, euabte,-him to marry again.

Ordered*.ThaLthe Report iromthe Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain Part of an Act, made in the 7th.Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1709; so far as relates tp unsought Incle imported.intoithisiKin^dopt ;was commityedfi he received upon, Monday Morning; next,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Merit-

ing next* resolve itself into a Committee of the whple House, upon the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fourteep; although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 210 die Junii;

Anno 130 Annas Reginae, 1714.

Pbayihs.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords^ intituled, An Act to enable Ambrose Brow Esquire, and others, to make Sale of the Manor of in the Comities of

Saffix and Kent-, and to settle other Lands and Tenement, in the County of Surry, to the same Uses as the said Manor of Bayham, now Hands settled; was read.' the First time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second, time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Frederick Hamilton Esquire certain Lands avid Hereditaments in the Kingdom of Ireland, purchased by him of the Executors of Joseph Ivie Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed- to General Ecklyn, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Cam-, M r. A rtnefey, Mr. Wat kins, Captain Captain

Chapman, Mr Brace, Mr. Hart, Sir Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Clayton, Sir Pynfent Charnocke, Sir Hickman, Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Conway, Sir

Barker, Sir Harry Goring, Sir Richard Hoar, General Rojfi, Mr. Ward, Mr. Eden, Mr. Blackmore, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Berkeley, Colonel Mr.

bridge, Mr. Aldworth, Sir Tho. Rowell, Sir Sir James BatemanjfiAp.Bertie, Mr. Bulled, Mr Mr. Mitchell, Mr. IVren, Sir Joseph Marlyn, Mr. Serjeant Comyns: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: Apd have Leave to fit in a Morning, if they think fit.

Mr. London, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain Part of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, forenlarg'ing the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for die Service of the Year 1709; so far as it relates to unwrought Incle imported into this Kingdom; was committed; the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments Vo l. 17.

were once read'throoghousej'and’thena. Second dime, . one by one; and; upon the Question severally, put thereupon, agreed unto bydhe House.

And other Amendments were made by the House to thp, BjiH.

Ordered, That the Bilk with, the Amendments, be ingrossed.,

Mr- Cprfelfisreported from, the Comrpittee, vto whom guly,

the BUI for, naturalizing Lfaniel Burr, was committed, Nat.

That, they hud directed him to report the same to the Hpnfe, without apy Amendment: And lie delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered* That-the Bill he ingrossed,.

Mr. Hutchinson, presented to the House, according to Reducing Order, a Bill to reduce the Rate of Interefit, without any Interest-Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities; And the same was received; and 'read the Firsttime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Leafing continue an Act; of the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enable her Majesty to make Cornwall. Leases and Copies of< Offices, Lands, and Tenements,

Parcel of her, Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame: And that Mr. Pendarvis, Mr. and

Mr. Bulled, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Refdved, That an humble Address be presented to Commissionew her Majesty, That the will be pleased to give Order for ^lent"' reducing the Number of Commissioners of Equivalent; and for lessening the annual Charge of that Commis-fton, as to her Majesty shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy. Council.

The Order, of the Day. being read, for the House to Ditto, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon. the Bill to discharge and acquit the Commissioners of the Equivalent for the Sum 381,509 15s. 10 by them issued out of the Sum of £.398,085 lor. paid to them, pursuant to the 1.5th Article of the Union.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the General Abbreviate of the Receipts and Payments made by the Commissioners of the Equivalent in NortkBritatn was referred, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bulled took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr., Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bulteel reported from the Committee, That (hey had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to take Law* re-into further Consideration the Report from the Com-njittee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Punish- a^rap v ment of Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be font, was committed:

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, 4s far as Clause B, were once read throughout; apd then a Second time, one by one; 1

anfl, upon the Question severally pu]t thereupon, One of the said Amendments was difegreed unto, and the rest agreed unto, by the Hopfe.

Clause B being read a Second time:

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Wednesday Morning next. (

Mr Ann^/leypresented to the House, according to Or- NewChurch.

der,a Bill for making more effectual an Agreement made In the Stnind.

by

21 — 22° JuHU. A 1714.

by the Commissioners for building fifty new Churches with John Walker Esquire, for Ground, in the to build One of the&td new Churches upon; And the same was received.

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, That James

More, of Lech/, and his Guardians and Servants, have, in this Month, entered upon the Lands of Sir James Campbell, a Member of this House, in the Parish of Garguunodt, in the County of Stirling; and have taken Possession of his Part thereof; and committed Spoil thereupon; in Breach of the Privileges of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint: And that they do report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Woollen The Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration Manufkdure. tjje Report from the Committed, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an A passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; wascommitted; being read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Thursday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 84*

Tellers for the Noes, } 127'

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were called in; and heard upon the Petitions of the Clothiers, and others concerned in the Making of Mixed or Medly Broad-cloths, in and near the Town of Bcckington, in the County of and

of the Clothiers, and others concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, in Melksham, and Places adjacent, in the County of Wilts; on behalf of themselves, and several Thousands of Poor employed in that Manufacture.

And the Counsel being withdrawn.

The said Amendments to the said Bill were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be jugrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read; onCJold'k Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-Zcl Sic. *nS next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole exported. House, upon the Bill/or Relief of the Exporters of Gold and Silver Thread, Lace, and Fringe, Mullins, and Callicoes, and other Goods therein mentioned, in relation to the Drawbacks for the fame; and for better securing the Duties upon several of the said Commodities.

Public Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom-

Account*. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for taking, examining, and Hating, the publick Accounts of this Kingdom.

Scotch Re/Wierf, That this House will, upon fPedne/tfoy Morn' Militia, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, upon the Bill for settling the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Endowing Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Vi«arai> by the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Inclosures Inclosures. Qf some part of the Common Grounds in that Part of Great Britain called England, for endowing poor Vicarages and Chapelries, for the betterSupport of their Ministers, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Dagenham

Breach.

Mr. Chapman reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual preserving the Navigation of the River of Thames,

n

by Hopping the Breach In the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of EJex, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and he retd the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the stud Report be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confederation upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 22° die Junii;

Anno 13* Anns Reginse, 1714.

Peat ers.

ABIL L for the preserving all such Ships, and Goods Preserving thereof, which shall happen to be forced on Shore, Shipwrecks, orftranded, upon the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other her Majesty’s Dominions, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Harley, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Slater, Mr. Jennings,

Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Freman, Mr. Lawson, Mr.

Wrightson, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Aijla, Mr. Lowther,

Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Wynn, Mr. Auditor Harley, Mr. Cartwright, Mr.

Cafar, Sir Richard Onfloto, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Sir

Geo. Beaumont, Sir John Leake, Sir Robert Davers, Mr.

Medlycott, Mr. Bertie, General Ecklyn, Mr. Onslow,

Sir Tho. Hardy, Mr. Jennins, Mr. Bofcawen; and all

that serve for the Sea-ports; and they are to meet at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Leave to lit in a Morning, if they think fit.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Prendergast* to enable Sir Tho. Prendergast Baronet, an Infant, to Estate. fell Part of his Estate, lying in the County of Waterford, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for the Payment of his Father’s Debts; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Ca-dogan, Mr. A\flabie, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Medlycott, Mr.

Pigott, Mr. Cliolmley, Sir John Walter, Sir John Norris,

General Stanhope, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Brace-bridge, Mr. Rowney, Sir James Stuart, Mr. Forbes, Sir Matt. Dudley, Mr. Cholmondley, Mr. Slater, Lord Wm. Rowlett, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Wrightson, Mr.

Conyers, Sir Bryan Stapleton, Colonel Stuart, Mr.

Bofcawen, Colonel Grahme, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Sir Wm. Withers, Captain Chapman, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr.

Craggs, Mr. Freman, Mr. Jennings, Sir Wm. Whitlocke,

Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Letchmere, Mr. Poultney, the Earl

of Hertford, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Cope, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Cockburn, Mr. Eden, Mr. Burslem, Lord Lumley: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Leave to fit in a Morning, if they think fit.

A Bill for providing a publick Reward for such Person I)ifcovt or Persons as shall discover the Longitude, was read a the Longi- Second time. twle.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday'M.orn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Conyers according to Order, reported, from the,

Committee of the whole House, who were to consider Way* and further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, and to Moan*.

♦ This is a Mistake both in the Journal, and printed Votes; for this Report was from the Committee of Ways and Means, as appears from the original Report, as well as the Order made the 19th June, for receiving the Report this Day.

whom

r3 Ann.

Jrnii-

e93

whom the former Refblutioits of the said Committee were re-committed, the Resolutionalwhich the Committee had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards deliveredthe same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read j and are as follow; viz.

i ft, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Duty be laid upon all' Coals exported into foreign Parts.

ad, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said further Duty be Five Shillings Chaldron.

3d, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, a further Duty be laid upon such Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, whereupon certain Matters or Things shall be ingrossed or written; over and above all Duties already chargeable on them, or any of tlrem.

4th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, on which any Grants, or Letters Patents, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancajer, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty, or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Exemplifications of the fame, shall be ingrossed or written, Commissions of Rebellion in Process always excepted, the Sum of 40 s.

5th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any Pardon, except the general Circuits, and Newgate Pardons, of or for any Crime or Offence, or of any Sum of Money, or Forfeiture, whatsoever, or on which any Warrant of Reprieve, or Relaxation from any Pecuniary Fine, or Forfeiture, exceeding £. 100, or from any corporal Punishment, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of 40 s.Sterling.

6th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Grant from her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, of any Sum of Money exceeding f. 100 Sterling, which shall pass the Great Seal of Great Britain, the Great Seal of Scotland, or the Privy Seal, not directed to the Great Seal, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of 40 s. Sterling.

7th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Grant of any Office or Employment in Great Britain, which shall be above the Value of 50 Sterling per Annum, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of 40 s. Sterling.

8th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Difpeufation to hold two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or both a Dignity and a Benefice, or any other Dispensation, or Faculty, from the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Mailer of the Faculties, for the Time being, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of Forty Shillings Sterling.

9th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Admittance, or Instrument for admitting, of any Fellow of the College of Physicians, or of any Attorney, Clerk, Advocate, Proctor, Notary, or other Officer or Officers, in any Court - whatsoever, in Great Britain, not being an annual Officer in any Corporation, or inferior Court, whose Office is under the Value of £. 10 Sterling per Annum in Salary, Fees, or other Perquisites, the Sum of 40 s. Sterling.

10th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon Which any Appeal from the High Courts of Admiralty, either in England or Scotland, Court of Arches, or the Vpi. 17.

Prerogative Courts of Cdh ter bury or York, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of Forty Shillings Sterling.

nth, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Means, mittee. That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Institution or Licence that shall pass the Seal of any Archbishop or Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, or any Ecclesiastical Court, whatsoever, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, or upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or registered, any Writ or Instrument, for the like Purpose with any such Institution or Licence, that shall be passed or made by any Presbytery, or other Spiritual Power, in Scotland, the Sum of 5*. Sterling;

Licences to Schoolmasters and Tutors excepted.

12th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Letters of Mart shall be ingrossed or written, the Som of 5 s.Sterling.

13th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any beneficial Warrant, or Order, qnder the Sign Manual of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, except Warrants or Orders for tire Service of the Navy, Army, and Ordnance, shall be ingrossed or written, the Sum of 2 s. 6 d. Sterling.

14th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be, for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written, in Great Britain, any Indenture, Lease, Bqnd, or any Deed, not otherwise charged, the Sum of 6d; Sterhng; except Bail-bonds, and Alignments thereof, and Indentures for. binding poor Parish or Charity Children Apprentices.

15th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That where more than One of any the Matters or Things aforesaid shall be ingrossed, written, entered, or registered, upon One Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, the said reljreftive Duties be charged upon every One of such Matters and Things respectively. '

16th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to be charged as aforesaid; arid which hath been already llamped, in pursuance of the former A Act of Parliament relating to her Majesty’s Stamp Duties, shall, before any the said Matters or Things be written or ingrossed thereupon, such Writing pr Ingrossing being after the First Day of August 1714, be brought to be stamped with a Third Mark or Impression; and that all such Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, which shall, after that Day, not have been stamped, pursuant to the said former Acts, shall, before the said Matters or Things be written or ingrossed thereupon, such Writing or Ingrossing being after the said First Day of August 1714, he brought to be stamped with such Marks or Impressions as may properly denote the Duties charged thereupon.

17th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Matters and Things as were exempted by the Act of Parliament made 9* III111,

from the Stamp-duties by that Act granted, shall be exempted from the said further Duties, to be charged as aforesaid.

18th Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the further Encouragement of the Leather Manufacture in this Kingdom, a Drawback of the whole Duty of one Peny Halfpeny per Pound Weight be allowed on all tanned Leather, which shall be manufactured, and actually made into Goods or Wares, and exported out of Great Britain, to be ascertained according to the Weight of such Wares or Goods respectively.

19th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, a Duty be laid upon all Soap made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; over and above all ‘ Duties- chargeable thereupon by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force.

8 O 20th,

' ^3

Supply.

Ways tnd Means.

694

226 Junii.

A\ 1714.

20th, Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Com- 34th, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That the said further Duty upon foreign Soap mittee, That the said further Duty on foreign Starch imported be after the Rate of One Peny per Pound imported be after the Rate of 2 d. per Pound Weight. Weight Avoirdupois. 35th That it is the Opinion of this Com-

21ft, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said further Duty upon Starch made

mittee. That tire said further Duty upon all Soap made in Great ,be after the Rate of 1 d. per Pound

in Great Britain be after the Rate of One Halfpeny per Weight.

Pound Weight Avoirdupois. 36th, , That it is the Opinion of this Com-

22d, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty be laid on all Buckrams imported mittee. That all Stocks of Soap in the Hands of any into Great , except such Buckrams as are im-

Persons trading or dealing the rein, for Sale, be charge- ported from Ireland.

able with the like further or additional Duties.

23d, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the wholeadditional Dutiesaforesaid upon such Soap as shall be exported be drawn back.

24th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the said additional Duties for such Soap as shall be used in the Woollen Manufacture, or in Goods mixed with Wool, whereof the greatest Part of the Value shall be Wool, or in the Whitening of new Linen in the Piece, in order to Sale, shall be drawn back.

37th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be after the Rate of £. 15 per Cent, ad valorem.

38th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duties upon Coals exported into foreign Parts; and upon Stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and upon Soap and Paper; and upon certain Linens, Silks, Callicoes, and Stulfs; and upon Transfers of Stocks, and upon Starch; and upon Buckrams imported; be granted to her Majesty

25th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- for the Term of Thirty-two Years.

mittee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, certain Duties be laid on all Paper, Pasteboards, Milboards, and Scaleboards, imported into Great Britain, Books and Prints excepted; and upon

all Paper, Pasteboards, Milboards, and Scaleboards, made in Great Britain; and upon all Paper printed, painted, or stained, for Hangings, within the same; over and above the present Duties on the said Commodities respectively.

26th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such new and additional Duties on the said Paper, Pasteboards, Milboards, and Scaleboards; and on printed, painted, and stained, Paper, be One Moiety of the Rates or Duties chargeable on them respectively by One Act made in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s

39th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Fund, not exceeding £.-105,000 per Annum, for Thirty-two Years, be settled and established, and charged upon, and made payable out of, all the said Duties, for raising a Sum not exceeding £. 1,400,000 by way of a Lottery.

40th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Surplusages, and unappropriated Monies, which, after the 12th Day of 1714, shall be paid into the Exchequer, for the Ul'e of the Publick, be applied to the current Service of this Year.

the First, 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, 11th, 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th, 16th, 17th, and 18th, Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed

Reign, in that behalf.

27th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- unto by the House. mittee, That all Stock of such Paper and Boards, as The 19th Resolution being read a Second time;

aforesaid, in the Hands of Dealers therein, for Sale, be And a Motion being made, and the Question being

charged with the like new or additional Duties. put, That the House do agree with the Committee in

28th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- the said Resolution, That, towards raising the Supply mittee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to her granted to her Majesty, a Duty be laid upon all Soap Majesty, certain Duties be laid upon such imported made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame;

Linens, excepting Lawns, Canvas, Barras, and Silesia Neckcloths; and upon such Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain, as are chargeable with Duties by the Act made in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, in that behalf; over and above the present Duties on those Commodities respectively.

29th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such new or additional Duties on the Commodities last mentioned, except as aforesaid, be the like Rates or Duties as are chargeable on the same Commodities respectively by the said Act made in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign.

30th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Stocks of such Linens, Silks, Callicoes, and Stuffs, as aforesaid, in the Hands of Dealers therein, for Sale, be charged with One Moiety of such new additional Duties to be laid thereupon respectively.

31st, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That a further Duty be laid upon every Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Paper, upon which shall

over and above all Duties chargeable thereupon by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for Ire Yeas, 5

*43-116.

f Captain Burgh, 7

I Mr. Heronj

.r , c \t I Mr. Strickland, 7

Tellers for the Noes, { Mr . ]

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The 20th, 21 ft, 22d, 23d, 24th, 25th, 26th, and 27th, Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 28th Resolution being read a Second time. That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, certain Duties be laid upon such imported Linens, excepting Lawns, Canvas, Barras, and Silesia Neckcloths; and upon such Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain; as are chargeable with Duties by the Act made in the 10th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, in

be written any Transfer of Stock in any Company, that behalf, over and above the present Duties on those Society, or Corporation, whatsoever, within Great Bri- Commodities respectively;

tain; over and above the present Duties payable to her Majesty for the fame.

32d, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such further Duty upon Transfer of Stock be the Sum of 45. 6d. for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, whereupon the same shall be written.

33d, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty be laid upon all Starch made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; over and

above all Duties chargeable thereupon by any Act of Parliament now in Force.

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " Callicoes, Linens

And the Question being put. That the Words " Callicoes, Linens," (land Part of the said Resolution; The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,[^rr

Tellers for, heNoes,^r^-r,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

161.

} lZ

Resolved,

i3 Ann.

22° Junii.

<595

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, certain Duties be laid upon such imported Linens, excepting Lawns, Canvas, Barras, and Si Ufa Neckcloths; and upon such Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain', as are chargeable with Duties by the Act made in the lOth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, in that Behalf; over and above the present Duties on those Commodities respectively.

The 29th, 30th, 31st, 3id, 33d, 34th, and 35th, Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 36th Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Duty be laid upon all Buckrams imported into Great except such

Buckrams as are imported from Ireland

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, I 187.

Tellers for the Noes,^',^"^ } 98.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The 37th Resolution being read a Second time, was,

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 38th Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the said additional Duties upon Coals exported into foreign Parts; and upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and upon Soap and Paper; and upon certain Linens, Silks, Callicoes, and Stuffs; and upon Transfers of Stocks; and upon Starch; and upon Buckrams imported; be granted to her Majesty for the Term of 32 Years;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

J The Lord Tammrth, s> I Mr. Winning ton:

125.

Ttl r vr CLord Hinchinbrooke,

Tellers for the Noes|Mr

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. , Mr. Chancellor of

the Exchequer, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Dormer and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

Bristol Poor. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the 7th and

ral Contrafts made with the Proprietors of the said Lands and Tenements; and that her Majesty was pleased to answer, That she will give the Directions which are deftred:

That her Majesty would be graciously pleased, out of her great Goodness to her People, to give Directions,. That the Fourth Part of the Trade, referred to

her Majesty by the 28th Article of th Contraft;

as also of such other Benefits or Advantages, arising from the AJfiento'TraAo, or the Licenses relating thereto,

or from any Duties or Profits referred to his Catholick Majesty, as her Majesty may be entitled to, by virtue of any subsequent Agreement or Assignment from the King of Spain to her Majesty; might be disposed of for the Use of the Publick, and towards discharging the Debts of the Nation; and that her Majesty was pleased to give this Answer: That her Majesty gave to the South Sea Company the AJjiento, or Contraft, she obtained from the Catholick King, for importing Negroes into the Spanish West Indies; and her Majesty has since thought it necessary, for their further Encouragement, and for removing Difficulties in the carrying on that beneficial Trade, to grant them the fourth Part in the said Contraft, reserved to herself; her Majesty being of Opinion, that the Encouragement of Trade will bell enable her Subjects to discharge the Debts of the Nation: As to the other Reservationsofan inferior Nature, which may have been under Negotiation; if they are obtained, her Majesty will make such Disposition of them, as she shall judge proper for her Service:

That the Revenues of the Island of Minorca, and the Rents of the Houses of Gibraltar, might be applied towards the Maintenance and Support of the several Garisons in those Places; and that her Majesty was pleased to say. That a Survey has been taken, by her Majesty's Direction, of the IQand of Minorca, in order to make the Possession thereof beneficial to this Kingdom; and her Majesty will take care, that the Revenues of Minorca, and the Rents of the Houses at shall be applied for the publick Service:

That the Ports of Mahon and Gibraltar might be made free Ports; and that her Majesty was pleased to say, That soon after the Surrender of Gibraltar to her Majesty, Orders were given, That the Port of Gibraltar should be declared a free Port; and her Majesty has it now under Consideration, in what manner Port Mahon may belt be established, and declared a free Port:

That her Majesty would be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church, upon the Reverend Dr. Pelling, Chaplain to this House; to which her Majesty was pleated to answer, That she will confer some Dignity in the Church upon him, as is desired:

That her Majesty would be pleased to give Directions That an Account might be laid before this House, of the publick Debts provided for by Parliament; and of what Interest is paid for such Debts respectively; and that her Majesty was pleased to say she will order the Account desired to be laid before this House:

That her Majesty would be pleased to give Directions, That an Account belaid before this House, of all Orders that have been sent to the Lords of the Admiralty, for

8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King fitting any Ships to attend the Service of the South Sea

Answer to AddrefTw.

William Hid, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof) without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the House, That their several Addresses following had been laid before her Majesty; viz.

That her Majesty would be pleased to give Directions, That the Purchase-money agreed for, as a valuable Consideration for certain Lands and Tenements veiled in Trustees for the Crown, for the better fortifying and securing the Docks and Harbours at Portjmoulh, Chatham, and Harwich, may be paid, pursuant to the feve-Vol. 17.

Company; and what Directions have been given for altering the Service for which such Ships were under Orders; and what Representations have heen made by the Admiralty, upon that Account; and that her Majesty was pleased to say she will order the Account, Directions, and Representations, desired, to be laid before this House:

That her Majesty would be pleased to give Order for the reducing the Number of Commissioners of Equivalent; and for lessening the annual Charge of that Commission, as to her Majesty should seem meet; and that her Majesty was pleased to say, That she will give Order for reducing the Number of Commissioners for the Equivalent; and for lessening the annual Charge of that Commission.

A Motion

Call of the

House.

Southwark

Election.

Preventing Growth oi Schism.

Endowing Vicarages by Inclosures.

Paterson’s

Claims*

South Sea Trade.

Reducing

Intersil*

2 2* — 2$0 Junii. 1714.

A Motion being made* and the Question being pat. That an humble Add rets be presented to her Majesty, to return the humble Thanks of this House, for the Encouragement which the has given to Trade, by grant* ing to the South Sea Company the Fourth Part of the Assiento Coot raft, reserved to her Majesty, in order to theiF immediate carrying on that Trade; and to atfure her Majesty, That this House will entirely acquiefse in aA such Dispositions of the future Advantages which her Majesty lhafl obtain* as the thall think proper, for the Benefit and Increase of Trade;

The House divided.

The Teas go forth.

forth*Yeas;|\

| 139.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Southwark be adjourned until Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the Growth of Schism; and for the further Security of the Church of England, as by Law established; be taken into Consider-ation Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Inclosures of feme Part of the Common Grounds in that Part of Great Britain called England, for endowing poor Vicarages and Chapelries, for the belter Support of their Ministers, was committed, be received upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mtrcuriiy 23° Junii \

Anno 13* Ann® Regin®, 1714.

Prate as.

AN ingrossed Bill for relieving William. Paterson Esquire, out of the Equivalent-money, for what is due to him, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for relieving William , Esquire, out

of the Equivalent-money, for what is due to him.

Ordered, That Sir Maiheto Dudley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir John Leake presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty for that Purpose, an Account of all Orders that have been sent to the Lords of the Admiralty for fitting any Ships to attend the Service of the South Sea Company; and what Directions have been given for altering the Service for which such Ship* were under Orders; and whatRepresentations have been made by the Admiralty upon that Account.

The Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Paper* of this Session.

A Bill to reduce the Rate of Interest* without any Prejud ice to Parliamentary Securities, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Ward, according to Oder, reported front the Curates

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Maintenance, better Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England; and for the preventing the Sale erf' the nest Avoidance of Ecclesiastical Benefices; was committed; the Amendments which they had directed him torepdrt to the House; and he read the feme in his Place; andr afterwards, delivered the Bill, and Amendments, hr at: the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Oueltion severally put thereupon, agreed-unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the BiH, to prevent Clergymen from buying of Benefices:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause Was, Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord How’s for rendering, valid and effectual Two several Indentures of Demise and Mortgage, executed by Scroope late Lord Viscount How in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, by virtue of a former Act of Parliament made for enabling him thereunto, notwithstanding some Defects therein, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Dovers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath, agreed to the fame, without Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cherry’s for Sale of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Eftats. Hereditaments, contained in the Marriage Settlement of Francis Cherry, Gentleman, deceased, and Elizabeth his Wife; and for the converting the same into ready Money, for the Benefit of his Wife and Children; and for the Sale of divers other Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Payment of the Debts of the said Francis Cherry, and of the Debts of William Cherry, Esquire, deceased; and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Whitlocke do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Thormrton parting and inclosing Two great open Common Fields, Indofun. and a iarge open Greenfward Common Down, lying and being in the Manor and Parish of Thormarton, alias Farmington, in the County of Gloucester; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Wm. Powlelt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without Amendment.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the Relief of poor fofolvent insolvent Debtors be read the Third time upon Saturday Debtors. Mortiing next: And that the City of London be then heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, upon their Petition against the Bill, if they think fit.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act scroope’* for Sale of some Out-parts of the Estate of

24 Esquire,

Harwich

Llection.

Royston, &c. Roads.

Publick

Accounts,

Preventing Growth of

Schifni.

13 Ann. 23* Junii. 7

Esquire, in the Counties of and for

Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Refdvcd, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord D do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without Amendment.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex, be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Dormer and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual amending the Highways leading from Royjion, in the County of Hertford, to Wands-ford-bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as follows; viz.

In the Title, to leave out " and."

Ordered, That Sir Matthew Dudley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for taking, examining, and Hating the publick Accounts of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Beaumont took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Beaumont reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the Growth of Schism; and for the further Security of the Church of England, as by Law established:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Fo. x. L. 5, 6. Leave out " the Sacrament," and insert, Sacraments:"

L. 13. Leave out " and, " insert or:"

L. 25. After " Schoolmaster," insert " should " instruct or teach any Youth as a Tutor or Schoolmaster:"

L. 26. After " Archbishop, insert " Bishop L. 30. After " before," insert " such :"

L. 32. Leave out " or," and insert " and :"

L. 33. Leave out " or," and insert " and:"

L. 36. Leave out or," and insert " and

Fo. 2. L. 3. Leave out " and, " and insert " or:"

L. 4. After " have," insert " for such Purpose openly

" L. 5, 6, 7. Leave out " for the educating several persons in Reading, or in scholastick, academical, or other Literature

L. 22, 23, and 24. Leave out " or Schoolmiftress in Reading, or in scholastick, academical, or " otherLiterature:"

L. 36 and 37. Leave out "in case such Person or Persons:"

L. 37. After "thereof," insert "lawfully:" Vol. 17.

L. 38. Leave out from " convicted" to " shall, " in the 3d Line of the 3d Folio; and, instead thereof, insert " upon an Information, Presentment, " or Indictment, in any of her Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or at the Assizes, or before Justices of Oyer and Terminer:"

Fo. 3. L. 4, 5. Leave out " by Warrant under the " Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices:"

L. 16. Leave out " her:"

L 21. After " and, " insert " one of the L. 25. After Law,*’ insert "and shall have " made and subscribed the Declaration against Transubstantiation, contained in the Act, made in the " Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the *' Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers " which may happen from Popish Recusants

L. 27. After " Oaths, insert " and Deelara-

" tions:"

L. 29. After " administer," insert " and re-

" ceive:"

L. 37. Leave out " Declaration," and insert " Declarations."

L. 39. Leave out " her:"

L. 41, 43, 44. Leave out " or Schoolmistress, " in Reading, or in scholastick, academical, or other " Literature:"

Fo. 4. L. 10. Leave out " Princess Sophia," and insert " Elector of Brunswick:"

" L. 15. Alter "England," insert "except " where such particular Offices of the Liturgy are used, " wherein there are no express Directions to pray for " her Majesty, and the Royal Family:"

L. 19,20, 21. Leave out " or Schoolmistress " in Reading, or in scholastick, academical, or other, " Literature:"

Fo. 4. L. 21. Leave out from the Word " Litera-" ture," to " and, " in the 37th Line of the same Folio: Fo. 4. L. the laftx and Fo. the 5th, L. ift, 2d, and 3d; Leave out " Liturgy of the Church of England, " or an Exposition thereof, already allowed, or bereafter to be allowed by the Bishop of the Diocese," and insert " Book of Common Prayer:"

Fo. 5. L. ao. Before " Provided," insert Clause marked A; which is as followeth; viz.

Clause A; " Provided also, That where any Person " shall be prosecuted without Fraud or Covin, in any " of the Courts aforesaid, for any Offence contrary to " this Act, the same Person shall not be afterwards prosecuted for the same Offence, in any of the said " Courts, whilst such former Prosecution shall be pending, and carried on without any wilful Delay; and, " in case of any such After-prosecution, the Person so " doubly prosecuted may allege, plead, or shew forth, " in his Defence against the fame, such former Prosecution pending, or Judgment or Sentence thereupon " given 1 the said Pleader first making Oath, before the " Judge or Judges of the Court where such After-prosecution shall be pending, and which said Oath he " or they are hereby impowered and required to administer, That the said prior Prosecution was not " commenced, or carried on, by his means; or with " the Consent, or Procurement, or by any Fraud, or " Collusion, of any other Person, to his Knowlege or " Belief:"

" Fo. 5. L last, Leave out " this Realm," and insert " that Part of Great Britain called England, nor to any " Tutor who shall be employed by any Nobleman or " Noblewoman to teach his or her own Children, Grandchildren, or Great Grandchildren, only in his or " her Family: Provided such Tutor so teaching in any " Nobleman, or Noblewoman’s Family, do in every " respect, qualify himself according to this Act, except " only in that of taking a Licence from the Bishop:"

At the End, add Clauses B, C, D, E, and F; which are as follow j viz.

B: " Provided also, That the Penalties in this Act " shall not extend to any Foreigner or Alien, of the soreign Reformed Churches, allowed or to be allowed, " by the Queen’s Majesty, bet Heirs or Successors, in

8 P " England,

Preventing Growth of Schism.

23* Junii. . 114.

" England, for indrufting or teaching any Child or " Children of any such Foreigner or Alien, only as a " Tutor or Schoolmaster

C: " Provided always, and be it further enacted, by " the Authority aforesaid, That if any. Person, who " tliall have been convicted, as aforesaid, and thereby " made incapable to teach or instruct any Youth, as " aforesaid, shall, after such Conviction, conform to the " Church of England for the Space of One Year, without having been present at any Conventicle, Assembly, or Meeting, as aforesaid, and receive the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, according to the Rites " and Utage of the Church of England, at lead Three " times in that Year; every such Person or Persons " shall be again capable of having and using a Licence " to teach School, or ta instruct Youth, as a Tutor or " Schoolmaster; he or they also performing all that is " made requisite thereunto by this Act

D: " Provided also, and be it further enacted, That " every such Person so convicted, and afterwards conforming in manner as aforesaid, shall, at the next " Term after his being admitted to, or taking upon " him to, teach or instruct Youth, as aforesaid, make " Oath, in Writing, in some one of her Majesty’s Courts " at Westminster, in publick and open Court, or at the

" next Quarter Sessions for that County or Place where " he shall reside, between the Hours of Nine and " Twelve in the Forenoon, That he hath conformed to " the Church of England for the Space of One Year " before such his Admission, without having been present at any Conventicle, Assembly, or Meeting, as " aforesaid; and that he hath received the Sacrament " of the Lord’s Supper at lead Three times in the Year; " which Oath shall be there inrolled, and kept upon " Record

E: " Provided alwdys, That this Act shall not extend, or beconurued to extend, to any Person, who, " as a Tutor or Schoolmaster, shall instruct Youth in " Reading, Writing, Arithmetick, or any Part of " Mathematical Learning only, so far as such Matlie-M matical Learning relates to Navigation; or any " mechanical Art only; and so as such Reading, '* Writing, Arithmetick, or Mathematical' Learning, " shall be taught in the English Tonguz only:"

F. " And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made " in Ireland, in the 17th and 18th Years of his said

" late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Uniformity of publick Prayers, and Administration of the Sacraments and other Rites and " Ceremonies; and for establishing the Form of Making, " Ordaining, and Consecrating, of Bidiops, Prieds, and " Deacons, in the Church of Ireland; it is enacted, concerning Schoolmasters, and other Persons indrufting u Youth in private Families, in Ireland, as in and by " the above-recited Act is enacted concerning Schoolmasters, and others " indrufting Youth in private " Families in that Part of Great Britain called " land: And whereas it it reasonable, That where the " Law is the fame, the Remedy and Means for enforcing the Execution of the Law should be the fame: " Be it therefore enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Remedies, Provisions, " and Clauses, in and by this Act given, made, and " enacted, shall extend, and be deemed, construed, and " adjudged, to extend, to Ireland, in as full and effectual manner, as if Ireland had been expressly named " and mentioned in all and every the Clauses in this " Act

J11 the Title of the Bill, L. 3. Leave out " Church," and inlert "Churches;" and, ader " England," insert " and Ireland"

The said Amendments, as far asFo. 5. L. 20. whereby Clause marked A is to be inserted before the Word " Provided,’- being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause marked A being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Clause, by adding " That no Person flxould fuller

" any Punishment for any Offence committed against " the Act, who should not be prosecuted for the same " within a certain time after the Offence committed

The Question was put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment:

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, made by their Lordships, Pr. 5. L. 20;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Te.,ers for the

Tellers for

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The red of the said Amendments, as far as Clause F, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause F being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Clause, That the Toleration Act i* Willielmi et Marls, might extend to Ireland:

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for lie Yeasj: }

Tellers for the Noes^ j;}; ^1; j 160.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The red of the said Amendments being severally read a Second time; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir JVm. do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

} 168. } 93-

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Leavetomakt That Mr. Archer have Leave to make a Motion; it be- Motion^ ing after Six of the Clock;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

negatived.

Tellers for the Yeas J Lord Wm-

tellers for the teas, j Si(. j 91-

T , c xr f Mr. Goulftone, I

Tellers for the Noes, j M(. . ]i45-

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House, will upon Monday Morn- Running . ing next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole Brandy. House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing Running of Brandy.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom- g#TenuM ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Scotch House, upon the Bill to appoint Commissioners to in- Bishop*. quire into the Value of the Rents and Revenues which belonged to the Archbidiops and Bishops in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlaiid; and into the Value of all Grants and Alienations of the same since the Year 1689; and to what Uses, and upon what Confi-uerations, the same have been granted.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Railing the ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Militia, upon the Bill for raidng the Militia for the Year 1714, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Laws relating from the Committee, to w-hpm the Bill for the more to Vagrant*, effectual Punishment of Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be sent, was committed, be ad journed till Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved,

i3 Ann.

23° — 240 >0iV.

699

'* Scotch Militia,

Dagenham

Breach.

Southwark to Kingston Roads.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for settling the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual preserving the Navigation of the River of Thames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, was committed, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Earl of Hertford, Mr. Hampden, Sir Just. Isham', Lord Hinchinbrooke, Sir Cha. Wager,

Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Brydges, Mr. Craggs, Sir Robert

Raymond, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Ash, Mr. Car Harvey, Mr. Gould, Mr. Sir Richard Child,

Mr. John Hopkins, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Mr.

Edward Hopkins, General Stanhope, Mr. Henley, Mr. Vincent, Sir John Lake, Mr. Child, Sir Geo. Bing, Mr.

Bristow, Mr. Eyles, Sir John Cope, Mr. Mr.

Cater, Mr. Cotesworth, Dr. Ratcliff, Mr. Walpole, be

added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Highways from the Stones End, in the Borough of Southwark, to , Sutton, and

Kingstone, in the County of Surry, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

JoviS) 24.* die Juttii;

Anno 13* Ann* Reginae, 1714.

Rrown's

Kllate.

Dupree*#

Nat.

Lady

Kingston'#

Estate.

Prayers

MR. Edwards reported from the Committee.to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of William Broume, an Infant, lying in the Parishes of North Petherton and Weston Zoyland, in the County of in Trustees,

to be sold, for Payment of a Mortgage, and other Debts and Legacies was committed. That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

New Church in the Strand.

A Bill for making effectual an Agreement, made by the Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches with John Walker Esquire.for Ground in the Strand, to build One of the said new Churches upon, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Chapmanreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Samuel Dupree, was committed, That they had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; And hedelivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Chapman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable Rachel Lady an

Infant, to make a Lease of Part of her Jointure Estate, notwithstanding her Infancy, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Mr.

Gwyn, Lord Wm. Powlett, Sir Richard Mr.

Medlycolt, Mr. London, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Archer, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Onjlmo, Sir Edmund Prideaux, Mr. Har-court, Sir Edicard Turner, Mr. Shackerley,

Vol. 17-

Sir John Cope, Mr. Bulteel, Mr. Freman, Mr.

Mr. Northey, Mr. Norris, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Burslem,

Mr. Ward, Mr. Bracebridge; and all for the Counties of Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five

a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Leave to'fit in a Morning, if they think fit.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Browne’* to enable Ambrose Brotvne Esquire, and others, to make Efl*te-Sale of the Manor of Bayham, in the Counties of and Kent', and to settle other Lands and Tenements, in the County of Surry, to the same Uses as the said Manor of Bayham now Hands settled; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Finch,

Sir Richard Onjlozo, Mr. Rede, General Stanhope, Mr.

Onjlotv, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Serjeant Pratt, Mr. Archer,

Mr. Colemore, the Earl of Hertford, Captain Burgh, Sir Wm. Whitlocke, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Campion, Sir Goring, Mr. Morice, Sir Edward Turner, Sir Bateman, Mr. Smith, Mr. Eden, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. New-land, Mr. Daioney, Mr. Wilson, Mr. MuJgrave, Si?’ John Parsons. Lord Wm. Paw let t, Sir Ja. Keymifs, Mr. Bro-

drick, Mr. Cox, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Fleetwood, Sir Charnock,

Mr. Newdigale, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Shackerley, Colonel Child, Mr. Collier, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Christo. Musgrave; and all that serve for the Counties of Kent, Surry, and Suffix: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Leave to fit in a Morning, if they think fit.

An ingrossed Bill to impower the Lord High Trea- Wl(Vs Debt surer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Trea- tot e r0"n‘

fury, for the Time being, to compound with Robert Wife, and his Sureties, for the Debts which he owes her Majesty, or Hands bound for, as Surety for Customs of Tobacco, was read a Third time.

ResolvedfTh&t the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Robert and his Sureties, for the Debts which he owes her Majesty, or Hands bound for, as Surety for Customs on Tobacco.

Ordered, That Mr. Wrightfondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary, Bromley reported to the House, That Arfdress their Address, of Tuesday iaft, had been presented to her presented. Majesty, returning her Majesty the Thanks of this House for the Encouragement which the has given to Trade, by granting to the South Sea Company the Fourth Part of the Afjiento Contract, reserved to her Majesty, in order to their immediate carrying on that Trade; and to assure her Majesty, That this House will entirely acqui-efee in all such Dispositions of the future Advantages which her Majesty shall obtain, as Hie dial I think proper, for the Benefit and Increase of Trade; and that her Majesty received the same very graciously.

Mr. Bulled reported from the Committee of the Commission-whole House, to whom the Bill to discharge and acquit the Commissioners of the Equivalent for the Sum of ' e £381,509. 15s. lojd. by them issued out of the Sum of £.398,085. ior. paid to them, pursuant to the 15th Article of the Union, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added te the Bill, That the Commissioners of the Equivalent shall call for all the Certificates, and other Warrants, and cancel all the Deben-tures, by which the Debt of£. 230,308. is efta-

blished; and issue out new Debentures, which shall bear

Interest

700

*4°

A. 1614.

Address on Proclamation for apprehending the Pretender.

Earl of Ranc-Ugli’s Estate.

Interest after the JDtey of at

per Annum:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; winch were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, concerning the Family of Ki

And the same was twice read; and, by Leave of the House withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That by an Act, 6 Anne, the Judges of Exchequer in Scotland are impowered to make Distribution of£»,oooo yearly, for Seven Years, amongst those Shires that produce coarse WopJ, in such Distri&s or Divisions as they should think fit; and have Power to appoint certain Persons, One or more for each District or Division, to receive fpch Part annually: And that the find Commissioners are chargeable with luterest for 14,000 at £.4 per Cent, per Annum now in their Hands, until disposed of, as aforesaid; or to consign the same in the Hands of the Magistrates of Edinborough, between the nth of November 1714; who shall be liable to the said Sum, and Interest at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Telle, for he Yea., { }

Tellers for the Noes, <Kr > i Mr. Abercrombie >

So jt passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, Nernine contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, acknowleging the grateful Sense which this House hath of her Majesty’s Concern for the Protestant Succession in the House of Hanover, by issuing so seasonabJy a Proclamation, promising a Sum of£. 5,000 out of ner own Revenue, as an Encouragement for apprehending the Pretender, whenever he shall land, or attempt to land, in any of her Majesty’s Dominions; and to assure her Majesty, that this House will chearfully aid and assist her Majesty, by granting out of the First Aids to be given by Parliament, the Sum of £. 100,000 as a further Reward to any who shall perform so great a Service to her Majesty, and her Kingdoms; and also that this House wl heartily eoncur with her Majesty in all other Measures for extinguishing the Hopes of the Pretender, and all his open and secret Abettors.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty’s Pleasure, when foe will be attended by this House.

The Orders of the Day being read j

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of the Estate late of Richard Earl of Ranelagh, deceased,

at Chelfeaand Cranborn, in the Counties of Middlesex

and Berks, was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Right and Title of the Queen, her Heirs and Successors, and of all other Persons, to the Premises, other fhart such Right as is vested in her Majesty, or may be 22

prosecuted, or claimed, for, or in respect the publick Debt or Account, shall be saved:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the personal Estate of which the said Earl was poffoffedat his Death, over and above Funeral Expences, Audi be first applied to discharge the Debts to the Crown; and, if not sufficient to discharge the fame, or other his Debts, that may or can affect the said Premises in the Parish of Saint Martin’s and Chelsea aforesaid, and in such case, the same Premises, or so much thereof as is necessary, shall be fold, for discharging the same Debts, as aforesaid, and none other:

And the same was twice read:

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for tile Yeas, *6.

j 2 8.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill with the Amendments be ingrossed; The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Noes f Mr-1 eliers for the iNoes, £ Mr>

Tellers for the Yeas, J Mr- Chapman,

20.

Mr. * J

Tellers for the Noes, { } 30. So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolveitself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making an Harbour, and setting up Two Lights, at the Land's End, in Cornwall.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Francis and Sa-

rah Gardner; and to enable him to marry again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of the Exporters of Gold and Silver Thread, Lace, and Fringe, Muffins, and Callicoes, and other Goods therein mentioned, in relation to the Drawbacks for the fame; and for better securing the Duties upon several of the said Commodities.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for providing a publick Rewardfor such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking, examining, and dating, the publick Accounts of this Kingdom, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1714; although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual preferring the Navigation of the River of Thames, by (topping the Broach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, was committed, be adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more

effectual

Lights at L*u4s End-

Lodgin'*

Divorce.

Drawbacks on Gold Lace, See. exported.

Discovering the Longitude.

Public

Accounts.

Railing the Militia.

Dagenham

Breach.

Laws relating to Vagrants.

701

13 Ann.

24° — -25°

effectual Punishment of Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be sent, was committed, be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Royal Assent Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this to House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission

Leafing Crown Land in Cornwall.

Southwark to Kingston Roads.

Unwrought

Incle.

Aflieato

Trad*.

V

Loggin’i DW01 ce.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 50 die Junii;

Anno 130 Annas Reginae, 1714.

Pray e ns.

MR. Pendarvis presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue an Act, of the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enable her Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all that come have Voices at the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Highways from the Stones End, in the Borough of Southwark, to Croyden, Sutton, and in the County of Surry, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill to explain Part of an Act, made in the 7th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raisinga further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1709; so far as it relates to unwrought Incle imported into this Kingdom; wa6 read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; Pr. 1. L. Before " fame," to insert " the

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain Part of an Act, made in the 7th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1709; so far as it relates to unwrought Incle imported into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed. That the Secretary of the South Sea Company attended;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a Book containing the Proceedings of the Directors of the South Sea Company, relating to the AJfiento Trade; together with all Directions, Letters, and Informations, which the Directors, or any Committee of Directors, have received concerning the same.

And then he withdrew.

The Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act fordiffolving the Marriage of Francis Loggin and Sarah Gardner; and to enable him to marry again.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Mordaunt took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. -

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Oldes, Gentleman Uffier of the Black Rod:

Vol. 17.

read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had been up at the House of Peers; where her Majesty’sCommission was read, notifying and declaring, in her Majesty’s Absence, the Royal Assent to Five publick Bills, and to Five private Bills; and that the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Privy Seal, and other Lords commissioned for that Purpose, did accordingly notify and declare the Royal Assent to the several Bills following; viz.

An Act to prevent the Growth of Schism; and for the further Security of the Churches of England and Ireland, as by Law established:

An Act for encouraging the Tobacco-trade:

An Act for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of and the most

Northern Part of Talk on the in Butt-lane, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the 7th and 8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Wm. Ill, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals,

and Work-houses within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof:

An Act for the more effectual amending the Highways leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wandsford-bridge, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for parting and inclosing Two great open Common Fields, and a large open Greenfward Common Down, lying and being in the Manor and Parish of Thormarton, alias Farmington, in the County of cester; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for rendering valid and effectual Two several Indentures of Demise and Mortgage, executed by Scroope late Lord Viscount How in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, by virtue of a former Act of Parliament made for enabling him thereunto, notwithstanding some Defects therein:

An Act for Sale of some Out-parts of the Estate of Simon Scroope Esquire, in the Counties of York and Nottingham, for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for the Sale of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, contained in the Marriage Settlement of Francis Cherry Gentleman, deceased, and Elizabeth his Wife; and for the converting the same into ready Money, for the Benefit of his Wife and Children; and for the Sale of divers other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments/for the Payment of the Debts of the said Francis Cherry, and of the Debts of Wm. Cherry Esquire, deceased; and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing Samuel

----- Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee

of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Francis Loggin with Sarah; hnd to enable him

to marry again; was committed; That they had made some Progress in the Bill; but that they arose by reason of the Coming of the Black Rod; and therefore moved. That the House may again resolve itself into a. Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Accordingly the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Mordaunt took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Mordfiuht reported from the Committee, That 8 Q they

Loggin'*

Divorce.

Southwark

Election.

Endowing Vicarages by I uc loluret.

Reducing

Interest.

Public

Accounts.

702. 350 — 26° A % 1714.

they had heard the Counsel for Mr. Loggin; and had exa- Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Raising the mined several Witnesses, both on his behalf, and also on ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mllltia* the behalf of the said Sarah Gardner; and that the Com- upon the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1714; mittee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not to report the same to the House, without any Amend- repaid, ments: And he reported the same accordingly; and he

delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table. And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time upon Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Monday Morning next.

The House proceeded, according to Order, in the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of

And the Counsel were called in;

And the Petitioners examined several Witnesses:

And their Counsel were heard:

And the Sitting Members Counsel proceeded, in order to make good the Votes of William Thompson, and several other Quakers, which the Petitioners Counsel had objected against; touching whom the Counsel on both Sides were heard.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being flit, That William Thompson, by taking the solemn Affirmation, in the Form tendered to him, instead of the Oath of Abjuration, had a Right to vote in the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Southwark;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel were called in again;

Speaker acquainted them with the said Ilesolution:

And the Sitting MembersCounfel proceeded, in order to make good other Persons Votes, which had been objected against by the Petitioners.

And the Counsel were ordered to withdraw.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further Hearing the Merits of the said Election be adjourned;

Mr. Heysham Mr. Heath: Mr. Bland,

Mr. Sheppard:

J

50.

55-

and Mr.

The House divided. The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,£ Tellers for the Noes,

Mr.

Mr.

Mr.

Mr.

Carew, Eyles: Collier, Edwards:

J

41.

55-

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel were called in again, and heard, in order to make good other Persons Votes, who had been objected against.

And being again withdrawn;

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the said Borough be adjourned

till Tuesday next, at Twelve a Clock} and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Inclosures of some Part of the Common Grounds, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for endowing poor Vicarages and Chapelries for the better Support of their Ministers, was committed, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to reduce the Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking, examining, and dating, the publick Accounts of this Kingdom, was committed, be received Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

22

Sabbati, 26° die Junii;

Anno 13* Annas Reginac, 1714.

PRAYERS.

MR. Conyers presented to the House, according to Supply Bill;

Order, a Bill for laying additional Duties on Soap Duties on and Paper; and upon certain Linens, Buckrams, Silks, Soap, &c. Callicoes, and Stuffs; and upon Starch, and exported Coals; and upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; for raising the Sum of £. 1,400,000 by way of a Lottery, for her Majesty’s Supply: with a Provision to encourage the Exporting of Leather in made Wares:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon'

Monday Morning next.

Mr. Clayton reported from the Committee, to whom preservjtllT the Bill for the preserving all such Ships, and Goods Shipwreck*, thereof, which shall happen to be forced on Shore, or stranded, upon the Coalts of this Kingdom, or any other her Majesty’s Dominions, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Queli ;on federally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir George Beaumont, according to Order, reported Public from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Accounts,

Bill for taking, examining, and Hating, the publick Accounts of this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in hie Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and AmentT-ments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the House, That Q^11 aP^ her Majesty having been humbly waited upon to know attenJed* when the would please to be attended by this House, flie had been plealed to appoint Monday next, at Six of the Clock in the Afternoon, at her Palace at Kensington,

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to explain and amend Woollen an Act passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, Manufacture, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Mannfacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; be read the Third time upon

Monday Morning next, in a full House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Reducing Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to reduce Interest. the Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Freman took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.

i3 Ann. 26° — -a8° 703

Mr. Freman reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill; and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

wrs relat-

to

rant*.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourn-" ed Confederation of the Report of the Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to he sent.

And Clause B, upon which the further Consideration of the Report was adjourned, was amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Charge of conveying such Persons as are found, upon a general privy Search, to have committed such Acts of Vagrancy, and to have no fixed Abode, or Employment, shall be defrayed in the same manner as the Charge of conveying other Rogues and Vagabonds sent to the Place of their Birth is to be defrayed:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That or more Justices of Peace may, by Warrant under directed to the Constables, Church-

wardens, and Overseers of the Poor, of any Parish or Place, cause any Persons, of little or no Estates, who, by Lunacy or otherwise, are furiously mad, and dangerous to be permitted to go abroad, to be apprehended, and kept safely locked up, where such Justices shall appoint; but the Ad shall... abridge the Prerogative of the Queen, or Power of the Lord Chancellor:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That if Persons shall be found by Confection, or by Oath, Witnesses, to have obtained no legal Settlement fmee their Birth, the Justice, instead ofpunishing them, shall commit them to the Custody of any other Person willing to receive them, as Apprentices or Servants, for Years; who may set them to work in Great Britain, or in any her Majesty's Plantations; but none shall be transported till Security shall be given of such their Transportation:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, relating to the Conveyance of Soldiers from Sea-ports: And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Insolvent Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the Relief of poor Debtors, insolvent Debtors be read the Third time, upon Monday

next, at Twelve a Clock: And that the City of be then heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, upon their Petition against the fame, if they think fit.

Dagenham The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Breach. Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual preserving the Navigation of the River of Thames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and , was

committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second Vot. 17.

time, one by one; and, with some Amendments to some of them, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That nothing in the Act contained should extend, or lie construed to extend, to charge any Passage-boats, weekly passing back and forward, from Harwich to London:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That nothing in this Act should charge the Two Packet-boats, above Four times in the Year, with the Duties; they going from Wivenhoe to with Bays,

Says, and Perpetuanas; and from London to with Wool, to be manufactured at Colchester:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Powell’s whom the Petition of John Powell Merchant was refer- rti^ht of red, be received upon Thursday Morning next. Dude.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Revenues of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^iOiop* House, upon the Bill to appoint Commissioners to inquire into the Value of the Rents and Revenues which belonged to the Archbishops and Bishops in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, and into the Value of all Grants and Alienations of the same since the Year 1689; and to what Uses, and upon what Considerations, the same have been granted.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, Scotch resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Militia, upon the Bill for settling the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn Raising the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1714; although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 28° die Junii;

Anno 13® Annae Regina?, 1714.

PRAYEUS.

SI R John Palcingtonreported from the Committee, to Earl of whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Bellamont’* An Act to enable the Right honourable Richard Earl E,trtte* of Bellamont to fell certain Lands in Ireland, for railing Money to purchase the Jointure of Lucy Anne Countess Dowager of Bellamont; and for paying her Daughter’s Portion; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill for making effectual an Agreement, made by Church the Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches i» the Struud. with John Walker Esquire, for Ground, in the Strand, to build one of the said new Churches upon, was read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr.

704 a8* Junii. A. 1714.

Reducing Mr. Treman reported from the Committee of the interest. whole House, to whom the Bill to reduce the Rate of Interest without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Quieting Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according Corporations. to Order, a Bill for quieting Corporations, by limiting a Time for questioning the Rights of Officers therein: And the same was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

insolvent The Order of the Day being read, for reading the Debtors, for j|je Relief of poor insolvent Debtors, the Third time;

And the Counsel for the City of London attending;

They were called in:

And the Bill was read:

And the Counsel were heard.

And being withdrawn;

The Bill was opened by Mr. Speaker.

Then an ingrossed Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Act should not extend to give Relief to Persons in Custody, on Account of Monies given to' charitable Uses:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, C/iapnum:

Tellers for the NoeS|^"-"- } 67.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of poor insolvnet Debtors.

Ordered, That Mr. Bofcawen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

Bourchier’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Eiute. Sale of Part of the Estate late of Brereton Bourchier Esquire, deceased, for Payment of Debts; and other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Lords have also passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Preventing for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Third ^Growth Year of the Reign of King James Ift, intituled, An Act to prevent and avoid Dangers which may grow by Popish Recufimts; and also of One other Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King JVm. and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act to vest in the Two Universities the Presentations of Benefices belonging to Papists; and for vetting in the Lords of Justiciary Power to inflict the same Punishments against Jesuits,

Priests, and other trafficking Papists, which the Privy Counsel of Scotland was impowered to do, by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act for preventing the Growth of Popery: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for con- Lord firming a Settlement, made on the Marriage of the Mazareen’s now Lord Viscount Mazareen-, and for better securing Estate" the Jointure of his Lady, and of Rachel Viscountess Dowager Mazareen; and for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Tythes in Ireland, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Harwich Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Election. Borough of Hanoich, in the County of Rssex, be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for laying additional Duties on Soap and Supply Bill; Paper; and upon certain Linens, Buckrams, Silks, Duties on Callicoes, and Stuffs; and upon Starch, and exported SoaP> &c* Coals; and upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; for raising the Sum of £.1,400,000 by way of a Lottery, for her Majesty’s Supply; with a Provision to encourage the Exporting of Leather in made Wares; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Lownds presented to the House, by her Majesty’s Debts Command, pursuant to an Address for that Purpose, an °n Public Account of Debts on the publick Registers; and of the KegU er*" Annuities, Lotteries, and Sums advanced by the Bank and East India Company; and the Debt owing to the South Sea Company; with the Rates of Interest:

And the Title of the Account was read.

The said Account is as foil. viz.

Am

ij Ann.

28* Junii.

7°5

An ACCOUNT of the several Debt*, at this time remaining unsatisfied, on the Publick Registers in the Exchequer, for which Provision it made by Parliament, and the Rates of Interest payable for the same respectively: Also an Account of the several Annuities in the Exchequer; when, and at what Rates, purchased; how much the Purchase-money amounted unto, with the annual Interest; for what Terms granted; and how much thereof is already lapsed j and likewise how much is Handing out in Exchequer Bills; with an Estimate of the annual Charge the Publick is at, for Interest and Circulation thereof; with the Sums advanced by the Bank, and East India Company $ and the yearly Annuities payable to them for the Dame, respectively, and for what Continuance; together with the Purchase-money advanced by way of Lottery, and the annual Interest, when granted, and for what Continuance.

Rates of Interest per Annum.

6 per

6 per Cent.

6 per Cent, 6 per Cent.

6 per Cent.

6 per Cent.

6 per Cent.

5 per Cent.

5 per Cent. 5 per Cent.

5 per Cent.

6 per Cent.

And first the Debts remaining unsatisfied upon the Publick Registers, with the Rates of Interest respectively; to wit. Upon ^ds Subsidy, granted for Four Years, from the 8th March 1704, to the 8th of March 1708, for borrowing £. 636,957, and continued by another Act, in the 6th of the Queen, for Three Years, ended the 8th March 1711-On low Wines, Sc. granted in the 3d of the Queen, for Five Years ending 23d June 1710, for borrowing £. 700,000, and continued by another Act, of the 6th of the Queen, for Four Years ending the 23d June 1714 -

On Candles, granted in the 8th of the Queen, for Five Years, from the lft May 1710, for borrowing £.500,000. -On several Subsidies and Impositions, commonly called the 5th General Mortgage 1709, granted for Two Years from the First of August 1714, for borrowing £.651,728 5s. $d.

On several Subsidies and Impositions, commonly called the 6th General Mortgage 1710, granted for Four Year?, from the lft of August 1716, for borrowing £. 1,296,552 9 1 i|d.

whereof subscribed to the South Sea Company £.1,001,426 11 s. 1 d.

On Hops, granted in the 9th of the Queen, for Four Years, from the 1 ft June 1711, for borrowing £. 180,000 On the 15th nujh. Aid, granted in the 10th Year of the Queen, for borrowing £. 1,880,000 -

On the 3d 2 \Jh.Aid, granted Anno 1713, for borrowing

£.940,000 - ....

On Malt, granted Anno 1713, for borrowing £. 700,000. On the 4th 2jh. Aid, granted Anno 1714, lent, and transferred, in Part of £. 940,000 - -

On Malt, granted Anno 1714, lent, and transferred, in Part of £. 700,000 ——

On Coals, for building 50 new Churches, granted in the 9th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, to commence from the 14th of May 1716, and to end the 29th September 1724

Remains unsatisfied.

£ d.

83,7*9 *3 10

79,799 11 8*

355,159

651,728 5 5

295,125 18 i or

108,000 — —

61,279 11 61

322,041 — 1

484,868 10 4

738,010 16 9*

205*797 4 6i

37*5oo 19 6 J

Total Debt.

At what Rates purchased.

11 Years and 4-13 Years. ii Years.

11 Years and 4. 12 Years. 11 Years.

Annuities in the Exchequer, when, and at what Rates, purchased; how much the Purchase-money amounted unto; for what Terms granted; and how much already lapsed. Annuities granted in the Year 1692, at the Rate of £. 14. per Cent, per Annum, for One Life; afterwards turned into a Term certain for 99 Years, at the Rates in the Margin; whereof already lapsed 22 Years Eodem Anno, with Benefit of Survivorship; to wit. For the first Seven Years, after the Rate of £. 10 Cent, per Annum; afterwards, at £.7. per Cent, per Annum - -

Anno 1693, other Annuities were granted, for One, Two, and Three, Lives; at £.14. per Cent, per Annum, for One Life j £.12. per Cent, per Annum, for Two Lives; £. 10. per Cent, per Annum, for Three Lives: The One Life was afterwards turned into a Term certain for 99 Years, upon which 21

Annual Interest.

£. *. d.

124,474 -

7»567 -

Amount of the original Purchase-money.

£ s* d.

M9i|639 6 10

108,100 — . —

Voi» 17.

SR

Yearn

706

At what Rate*

purchaM*

it J

15 YWs. 15 Years.

15 Years and a Half.

16 Years. 16 Years. 16 Years.

£.gperC per Annum,

Years is lapsed; the Two and Three Lives have no further Term granted in them Annuities granted Anno 1.703, for the Term of 99 Years) whereof already lapsed 10 Years -

Annuities granted Anno 1704, for the Term of 99 Years; whereof already lapsed 10 Years -

Eodem, Anno, other Annuities granted

for Payment of £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, to the Proprietors of the old Bankers Debt, until one Moiety of their Debt is satisfied -

Annuities granted Anno 1706, for 90 Years; whereof already lapsed Eight Years - -

Annuities granted Anno 1707, for the Term of 99 Years; whereof lapsed Seven Years -

Annuities granted Anno 1708, for the Term of 00 Years; whereof lapsed Six Years - -

Eodem Anno, other Annuities granted for the Term of 99 Years; whereof lapsed Six Years -

Annuities granted Anno 1710, for 32 Years; whereoflapsed Four Years

v -

Rates of Interest per Annum.

X- 5 P*Cent-betides the Trad*.

Annuities by way of Lottery. Lottery granted Anno 1710, for the Term of 32 Years; whereof lapsed Four Years -

Lottery granted Anno 1711, for the Term of 32 Years; whereof lapsed Three Years -

Eodem Anno, another Lottery granted for the Term of 32 Years; whereof lapsed Three Years - -

Lottery granted Anno 1712, for the Term of 32 Years; whereof lapsed Two Years - -

Eodem Anno, another Lottery for the Term of 32 Years; whereoflapsed Two Years -

Money advanced by the East India Company.

Advanced by the East India Company, upon an Act passed in the 9th of his late Majesty, and upon an Act passed in the Sixth of the Queen -

Annual Interest.

Money advanced by the Bank of England.

Advanced by the Bank, upon an Act passed in the 5th of William and Mary, and by another Act passed in the 7th of the Queen -

Ditto, upon an Act passed in the 5th of the Queen, and by another Act passed £.6 perCent.Un. the 7th of the Queen -

Ditto, in Exchequer Bills, by an Act passed in the 7th of the Queen, and by another Act passed in the itth of the Quean; to wit, for Interest and Circulation ....

Amount of the original Purchase-monty.

£ s. d. £. s. d.

36,341 10 10 368,704

104,745 10 6* 1,570,664 18 6

46,000 690,000 ——

39^55 16 664,263 — —

184,242 14 — *>855,761 16 2

72,187 10 — 1,155,000 — —

40,000 640,000

80,000 1,280,000 — —

81,000 900,000 — j

816,414 1 5 ">7*4,133 1 6

135,000 1,500,000 — —

135,oooo 1,500,000 — —

186,670 2,000,000

168,003 1,800,000

168,003 1,800,000 — — j

792,676 8,600,000 — —

160,000 — — 3,200,000 '

100,000 1,600,000 —

106,501 13 5 1 1,775,027 1*7 io|

I *80,540 15 3f 4.643,433 4 64

A. 1714.

Total Debt

£ t 4

lI>7*4»*33 1 6

8,600,000 — —

3,200,000 — —

Note.

7°7

13 Ann. 2 8° — 29° Junii.

r * Annual Interest. Amount oif the original Purchase-moaey. Total Debt.

Note, f. 21,000 is eliimated to be abated, out of the Interest and Cir- /. s, d' £. (. d. £. s. d.

per Cent. ( eolation, for Bills that lie dead in the Exchequer. Ditto, by an Act of the iath of the Queen, the Bank are to have, for making all the Exchequer Bills Specie, until the time that no more than £. 1,000,000 of the said Bills remain uncancelled, the annual Sum of - - 53,000 — m m m -< >8,018,461 2 4$

540,042 8 8f 8, Ol8,46x 2 44 34,965,625 7 9

The Debt of the South Sea, as appears by the Books delivered in to the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt. The Debt of the said Company, with their annual Interest; which is to be continued until their Principal-money is repaid £. 558,678 1 3 9>!77>967 *5 4 9,177,967 15 4

f 1 ' ’ ' T

Memorandum: On the first-mentioned Annuities 22 Years are elapsed, and several Years on the rest of the said Annuities; though the original Purchase-money is here set down.

As to the Lotteries, divers of the principal Sums contributed thereunto are already paid, off.

Running

Brandy,

- Original Furcbafe. Interest and Circulation. Original Purchase-money. Annual Payments.

Annuities for several Terms in being - - -Lottery Annuities, &c. for several Terms in being East India Company Bank of England Annuities Ditto Exchequer Bills, with Interest and Circulation South Sea Company £. s. d. 3»375»027 17.10* 4,643»433 4 6 £. s. d. 206,501 13 5 333,540 15 34. i- 'd- 11,724,133 1 0 8.600.000 3.200.000 — - J 8,018,461 a 4i 9*177,967 4 / £ s’ 816,414 1 5 792,676 - 160,000 540,042 8 8^ 558,678 13

Loans at Interest, at several Rates ' . ? 40,720,561 19 2i 3,42 3,03i 3 i°i 2,867,810 li 44 171,150 — —

17th June 1714. 44,143,593 3 3,038,960 11 44

Examined per Wm. Lowndes.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read j '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning nejrt, resolve itself into a Committee oif the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Running of Brandy.

intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

.And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Drawbacks Resolved, That this House will, upon next,

«GoldLace, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of 4c. exported, the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of the Exporters of Gold and Silver Thread, Lace, and Fringe, Mullins, and Callicoes, and other Goods therein mentioned, in relation to the Drawbacks for the fame; and for better securing the Duties upon several of the said Commodities.

Loggin’s Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act

Divorce, for dissolving the Marriageof Francis Loggin with Sarah

Gardner; and to enable him to marry again; be read a Third time upon Friday Morning next.

Woollen Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to explain and amend

Manufacture. an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign,

Vol.17.

Mart is) 29® die J; Anno 13* Annas Reginas, 17x4.

P a a r e 11 s.

PETITION of the Mailer, Wardens, and Assist- L-bts at ants, of the Corporation of of Dept- Land’* End.

ford Strand, was presented to the House, and read > setting forth. That", by an Act, 8° Elizabeth, to enable the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of Trinity-house of Deptford Strand, to erect Sea-marks, &"c. they were im powered to set up Beacons, Marks, and Signs, for the Sea, to avoid Dangers; and, according to such Power, and in regard of such Navigation, have set up several Lights on the Coasts of this Kingdom, particularly, in 1705, upon the

Commands

9 Junii.

A. *714.

Smithwaifc

to KiogAon 'Roads.

Ditto.

Edwin’i Debt to the Crows-

Commands of his Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark ... survey the proposed Place for making an Harbour, and setting up Light-houses, at the Land's End, in

Cornwall; and did then report to his laid Highness, That there was no Need thereof; bat would prove dangerous to Ships homeward-bound from the West or South-weft, by drawing them too near the Shore; and that the making an Harbour, and Light-houses, in Whilfand Bay, fend on Pordenac Point, could be of no such Advantage to the Navigation of this Kingdom, either to Safety and Conveniency of her Majesty’s or Merchants Ships, as might answer, in any Proportion, to the Charge of Doing thereof: That, notwithstanding such Report, a Bill hath been brought into the House for makingan Harbour, and setting up Two Lights, at the Land’s End, in Cornwall And being advised, that the foie Power of setting up Light-houses is, by the aforesaid Act of Parliament, vested in the Petitioners: And praying the said Bill, so far as relates to setting up light-houses, may not pais.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making an Harbour, and setting up Two Lights, at the Landes End, in is committed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of

Sanderstead, Willingham, Woolli

linffeild, and Tandridge, was presented to the House,

and read: setting forth, That a Bill is now depending, for Repair of the Highways from the Stones End, Southwark, to Croyden, Sutton and Kingston in Surry: That

the Roads of Croydon and Slretham are kept in good Repair} and all the other Roads, except those of Lambeth , which may be so kept, under what the Statute directs for the same Uses: That the Roads of Lambeth, from the Top of Bristow-causeway Hill, to the Cross-way leading to Clapham, being about 160 Rods; which, by Mismanagement of the Surveyors, are run to Ruin; but yet, if Lambeth did their Statute-work, they might be ameoded, and kept in Repair: And praying to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Highways from the Stones End, in the Borough oiSouthwark, to Croydon, and Kings-

ton, in the County of Surry, is committed: And that the Petitioners be beard before the Committee thereupon, by themselves, or Counsel, as they shall think fit.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Ling-feild, Crohurfi, Horn, and Godstone, in the County of

Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a Bill is now depending, for repairing the Highways from the Stones End, in the Borough of South-mark, to Croydon, Sutton, and Kingstone, in Surry: That

the Roads of Croydon and Streatham, and those leading to the Stones End, are kept in Repair, except those of Lambeth; which may be so kept, under what the Statute directs for those Uses: That the Roads in Lambeth, from the Top of Bristow-causeway, to the Cross-way leading to Clapham, being about 160 Rods; which, by Mismanagement of the Surveyors, are run to Ruin but, would Lambeth do their Statute-work, the said Roads might be amended, and kept in Repair: And praying to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Highways from the Stones End, in the Borough of Southwark, to Croydon, Sutton, and Kingstone, in the County of Surry, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, by themselves, or Counsel, as they shall think fit.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Edwin, of London, Merchant, for such Debt* as he Hands bound for, as Surety for Thomas Coleman, Tobacco merchant, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill for the preserving all such Ships, Prectn»i and Goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on stiPWMCU-Shore, or llranded, upon the Coails of this Kingdom, or any other her Majesty’s Dominions, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. L. After " Judgment," to insert " be:"

Pr. L. Before " Sea," to insert " upon the:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed onto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title, be. An Act for the preserving all such Ships, and Goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on Shore, or llranded, upon the Coails of this Kingdom, or any other her Majesty’s Dominions!

Ordered, That Mr. Clayton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order being read, for the House to proceed in Southwk the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Elea*on' Borough of Southwark;

And the Counsel not attending;

Ordered, That the said Hearing be proceeded upon after the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Harwich.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Discow into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill '"8the for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Per- L#n8ltU(i*’ fons as shall discover the Longitude:

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Medlycot reported, according to Order, from the Harwich Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as E1*&ot it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Hanoich, in the County of Essex, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon} which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Plaec; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: And the Report, and Resolutions, are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of BenediS Leonard Calvert Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Thomas Heath Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, or Head-boroughs, residing within the Borough:

That the Poll was,

19 for Mr. Heath:

12 for Mr. Calvert.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel alleged, They should add Charles Smith to their Poll; and take off 13 from the Sitting Member’s Poll; viz. John Phillips and Win. Jeffery, for not being duly elected; the said Phillips, and Six others, for not being qualified according to the Corporation Act; and Two of those Six, and Five others, for Bribery.

It appeared by the Town-book, That Charles Smith was elected and sworn a Capital Burgess upon the l6tfi of October 1712: And,

Daniel Smyth junior said, That, Two Years ago,

Charles Smyth was Storekeeper at; and, at the

time of this Election, had Lodgings, and Clothes, and Books, and a Chest, there} though, at the same time, he

24 had

13 Ann.

2p° Junii.

70p

had Lodgings in London, and an Office in the Custom* ’ house, relating to the prohibited East India Goods: That he tendered his Poll for the Petitioner, which the Mayor refused, upon Pretence of his being removed; although there is no Order for his Disfranchisement: That, upon Smyth's Election to be a Capital Burgess, the Witness, as Deputy Town-clerk, administered the Oath of Office to him, in his Chamber, by Order of Court; because, at that time, be had broke his Leg, and could not come to Court to be sworn; and that he voted in the Election in November last.

That it appeared, by Two Instruments, signed by the Capital Burgesses, That, at a great Court, held the 15th of February last, Mr. John Philips and Mr. Wm. jef-J'eiyes were putin Nomination, and Election of a Capital Burgess, in the room and place of Mr. Charles Smyth, who is amoved: That Two voted for Philips, and Three for Jefferyes; and that Ten others of the Aldermen and

Capital Burgesses protested against the Amoval of Smyth, as being without sufficient Reason; and the Court illegal, and contrary to the Charter and Constitutions of the Borough; by which the Mayor cannot keep a Court without the Recorder, or Steward, or sworn Deputy, or One of them. And

Daniel Smyth junior said, That neither the Reoorder, nor Steward, nor Deputy Steward, were present ^t this Court; and that he never knew a Court held without One of those Officers present.

That the Petitioner's Counsel objected against the said John Philips and Six others of the Sitting Member’s Voters, as disqualified by the Corporation Act; viz. Henty Luff kin, elected the 10th, and sworn the 15th of December 1713:.

John Kirke, elected and sworn 4* September 1707: John Flemmings, elected and sworn 6 October 1711: Giles Baker, elected and sworn xi December 1710: John Philips, elected and sworn 15 Feb. 1713: Cyprian Bridge, eiefted and sworn 16 October 1712: And MaddiJ'onHunt, sworn Mayor 11° December

1713-

Mr. Wm. Curteis said, He was instituted Vicar of Harwich in October 1706; and, ever ft nee that time, has himself administered all the Sacraments which have been received there; and usually took Memorandums of the Persons receiving, that he might certify tlieiji to the Quarter Sessions, if they desired it:

That the Seven Persons before-named did receive the Sacrament from him within Three Months after their Election into Office; but none of them within the Year before such Election:

Being cross-examined, he said, He had a Curate at Dover Court, >vho officiated there for, him a Year and a Quarter; and what Persons received the Sacrament there in that time, or whether any of these might not receive it elsewhere, he could not tell; but said, They are all constant Churchmen; and that he never knew any of them to go to a Dissenting Meeting.

To take off Two of the aforesaid Voters; viz. John Fennings, and Giles Baker, and Five others, for Bribery; the Petitioner’s Counsel called,

Philip Trahern: Who said. That, upon the 12th of May last, being the Wednesday before the Election, which was upon the 17th of May, he went to Harwich to serve Process of the Sheriff of Essex upon one Mr. Ewer, who was going to Holland; on which Occasion, he went to fee his old Acquaintance Robert Kebell; and inquired out several of the Sitting Member’s Voters, who confessed to him the following Bribes; viz.

Robert Kebell said, The Sitting Member had promised him a considerable Sum; and that he had already received £.20 of him for his Vote:

John Dean said, The Sitting Member had promised to provide for his Son-in-law; and that he had received Ten Guineas for, his Vote already; and expected Ten more, when the Election was over:

Joseph Mum said. The Sitting Member was the bell

Vol. 17.

Friend he had in the World; that he had of him, upon the last Election, One hundred and odd Pounds to pay offa Bond to Sir Thomas Davall; but now he had only Ten Guineas; and that Mr. Heath should have his Vote as long as he stood:

Richard Carrington told him,. That, upon the last Election, he had £.20, and was promised £.10 for his Vote now; and could have an old Coach-horse of the Sitting Member at any time;

John Fennings, whose Business is to look for loft An* chore, said, He was promised to be helped to a Merchant, who would bby all his Anchors; and that he had a Present of Five Guineas for his Vote in this Election, which came from the Sitting Member, or his Lady; but he could not tell from which:

Robert Stephens said, He always used to vote for the other Side; that he had made as much of his Vote as he copld, and did not care which Side carried it; and that he had received 20 Guineas of the Sitting Member for his Vote in this Election:

Giles Baker said, The Sitting Member had been his Friend; and had gone £.50 Part of his Vessel; but they could make nothing of that; for it was no Bribery, he was sure.

That the Sitting Member’s Counsel infilled. That Charles Smyth had loft his Burgessship by his Removal to London; and therefore ought not to be added to the Petitioner’s Poll; and that PA ilippsand Jeffery are good

Voters for the Sitting Member: And alleged. They should take off 10 from the Petitioner’s Poll.

The aforesaid Amoval of Charles Smyth, on the 15th of February last, and the Election of Philipps and Jeffery thereupon, are entered in the Town-book, as Acts of the great Court: And

Daniel Smyth junior, said. He made that Entry by Order of the Mayor, though only Five voted in that Election; and 10 others protested against that Court, and signed the Protest before mentioned.

By the Report of the last controverted Election, produced by the Sitting Member’s Counsel; it apj peared. That

Mr. Daniel Smyth senior, being then examined as a Witness, said, " He had been Steward of the Borough " above 40 Years: That the Right of Election is in the " Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, or Headboroughs, refidingwithin the Borough, sand no others:'

" It had been always practised, that, when a Capital’ " Burgess totally leaves the Town, and has no Family " or Relideuce there, beceafes to be a Capital Burgess: ' " They make no Order for disfranchising him; but his' " Place is, ipso facto,\oid; and he mentioned the several " Instances of this Practice above 20 Years ago, in the " Cafes of Sir Anthony Dean, Robert Fox, Isaac Betts,

" Stephen Morrife, Captain Radburn, and Edmund " Reynolds-, on whose Removal others were chosen in " their Places:" And,

Being cross-examined; he said, Captain Burleigh,

" after he removed out of Town, acted as a Capital *s Burgess; but then the Non-residents were not disputed; and that Charles Smyth his Nephew, and " Daniel Smyth his Son, acted as Capital Burgesses,' " although they resided as Lodgers in the Town."’

And the Committee then came to a Resolution, to which the House afterwards agreed, " That the Right of " Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for this " Borough, is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital " Burgesses, or Headboroughs, of the Borough, residing within the Borough."

That the Sitting Member’s Counsel called,

Nicholas Edwin; Who said, Charles Smyth has left the Borough ever since the Election in November last: That he lives at Lodgings in London; where he has an Office in the Customs, and comes but very seldom to Harwich; and then, but as a Lodger: That he takes his Lodgings there by the Week on/v; and was but a Lodger vben he was elected Burgess:

8 S Being

Harwich

Election.

Harwich

Eldflion,

710

Being cross-examined; be laid, Charles Smyth has Goods at Harwich; but pays nothing for their Standing.

Geo. Jenkins and John Read said, Charles Smyth lodges in Graccchurch-street, and has so done for a Quarter of a Year past.

Ambr. Moore said, Charles Smyth is Comptroller to the prohibited East India Goods; which Office he has been in about Four Months; and that it requires his Attendance in London.

Charles Smyth was also objected against; for that the Oath of Office was not administered to him at the great Court, which the Charter requires.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel admitted the Charter directs the Burgesses to be sworn at the great Court; but infilled, That Charles Smyth was well sworn, though at his Lodgings; the Oath being the re administered to him by virtue of an Order of the great Court for that Purpose, upon the Accident of breaking his Leg.

That the Sitting Member’s Counsel objected against 10 of the Petitioner’s Voters; viz.

Against Philip Dean and Daniel Smyth junior, for Non-residence at the time of this Election: Against John Davidson, for being sworn at a private Court, and not at a great Court: And against the same Three, and Seven others, for not being qualified according to the Corporation Act;

John Willjon, elected and sworn 10th December 1713:

John Davidson, elected the 14th, and sworn the 18th,

of August 1713:

Henry Bickerton, elected and sworn the 16 th of October \712:

Daniel Smyth junior, elected the 30th of,

and sworn 21* December 1702:

John Philipfon, elected and sworn Alderman 16* May

1707:

7 'ho.Osborne, elected and sworn Alderman 16* Octo-

ber 1712:

Peter Cole, Miles Rudland, Philip Deane, and Thomas Langley, the Times of whose Elections into Office did not appear to the Committee; but were alleged to be many Years since.

Mx. Curtis said, That John IVi/fon did not receive the Sacrament from his Hand within the Year before his Election; but he has seen a Certificate from his Curate, That Wilson received the Sacrament from him

at Christmas 171 a:

That John Davidson has twice received the Sacrament from him since his Election into Office, and received it about April before, as he believed; but could not be positive:

That Henry Bickerton has received the Sacrament Three times, twice in 1711; after that Year;

and again after Michaelmas 1712; which last time was a Qualification for his being chosen into the Poll Office: That Daniel Smyth is a confiant Churchman; he never

knew him miss Two Sacraments in a Year, when he was well; but could not speak to the Year of his Election, that being before the Witness came to Harwich:

That John Philipfon is a constant Communicant; he constantly comes to the Sacrament, and has received it very often; the Witness could not recollett how many times, nor could be particular as to the Year before his Election: But that Thomas Osborne did receive the Sacrament within the Year before his Election; viz. in November 1711:

That he could not speak to Miles Rudland,

Philip Deane, and Thomas Langley, or any of their receiving t’.ie Sacrament before their Election into Office; that being before he came to Hanvich.

That the SittingMember’s Counsel produced a Paper, dated the 150 June 1714, signed by Mr. testify-

ing, That neither the present Mayor, nor any of the Aldermen, nor any of the Capital Burgefl'es, that he knows of, lave only Captain Robert Stephens, have, during his time, joined as Members of any Dillenting Congregation; but duly repaired on the Lord’s Day to Prayers

A. 1714-

and Sermon in the Chapel of Harwich, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Heath Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough' of Harwich, in the County of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Benedict Leonard Calvert Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Harwich.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question'being put. That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Then a Debate arising upon the Report;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Debate be adjourned;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for he Yeas. } «4r

Teller, for the Noes. j r,5.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Thomas Heath Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Benedict Leonard Calvert Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } "

Tellers for the Noes *The Lord Wm- )

letters for the i\oes, } 7°-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend tliig House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for: the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex, by, rafing out the Name of Thomas Heath Esquire; and in-, ferting the Name of Benedict Leonard Calvert Esquire,. instead thereof.

Gentlemen,

THE hearty Concern you shew in this Address for the Security of the Protestant Succession, is very agreeable to me.

I hope your Concurrence will have the desired Effect, in removing Tealoufies, and quieting the Minds of my good Subjects.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the humble Thanks Thanks of this House be returned to her Majesty for her Answer. most gracious Answer to their Address.

Ordered, That the said humble Thanks be returned to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Message

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That the House Answer to did Yesterday in the Evening attend her Majesty, and Address. present to her their humble Address; to which her Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer;

} 9°-} k>7-

Enlisting Soldiers without Authority.

Southwark

Election.

Woollen

Manufacture.

Burr’s Nat.

13 Ann.

29° — 30° Junli.

711

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the Lifting her Majesty’s Subjects to serve as Soldiers, without her Majesty’s Licence: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Bill was read the First time; and ordered to be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to the farther Hearing of the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Silting Members Counsel proceeded to the making good several of the Votes for them; and to the Disqualifying of Persons who voted for the Petitioners.

To which the Petitioners Counsel were also heard.

And then the Counsel withdrew.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Morgan be admitted to give Evidence;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel on both fides were called in again, and heard.

And, being withdrawn,

The Journal of 170a, in the same of Southwark, was read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Persons inhabiting in the or Rules of

the Queen's Bench, in the Borough of Southwark, and paying a Rent of £.10 per Annum, or upwards, have a Right to Vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Southioar, though they do not pay Scotland Lot within the said Borough;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for } 49-

Tellers for the Noes, }

So it passed in the Negative.

The Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And the Sitting Members Counsel infilling, That they could disqualify, and take off from the Petitioners Poll, a confidenible number of Persons;

The Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing the Merits of the said Election be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; be read the Third time Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30° Junii;

Anno 130 Annae Reginae, 1714. Prayers.

50.

the publick Acounts of the Kingdom, was read the Public Third time. Accounts.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Pr. L. To leave out " that," and insert " than

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for taking, examining, and Hating, the publick Accounts of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Sir George Beaumont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Discovering a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ,he LomS'‘ providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons tu e* as shall discover the Longitude.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

General Stanhope took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

General Stanhope reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and, according Harwich to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Petum Harwich, in the County of Efj'ex. amended.

Mr. Medlycot reported from the Committee, to whom Prendergast's the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. to enable Sir Thomas Prcndcrgaft Baronet, an Infant, to fell Part of his Estate, lying in the County of Waterford, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for the Payment of his Father’s Debts; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-fents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to rev port the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord for confirming a Settlement made on the Marriage of Muzareen'* the now Lord Viscount Max.are.cn; and for better fe- tate‘ caring the Jointure of his Lady, and of Rachel Vif-countess Dowager Mazareen;and for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Tythes in Ireland, to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

v

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bourchier’s for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Brereton Bourchier Eftau Esquire, deceased, for Payment of Debts; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Refolred, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to explain and amend Woollen an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, ManuiaAure. intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning at Eleven of the Clock.

AN ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Daniel Burr,. Ordered, That it bean lnflruftion to the Committee, »

was read the Third time. to whom the Bill for laying additional Duties on Soap Duties on

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title and Paper; and upon certain Linens, Buckrams, Silks, Soap, &c.

be, An Act for naturalizing Daniel Burr. Callicoes, and Stuffs; and upon Starch, and exported

Ordered, That Mr. Corjellesdo carry the Bill to tho Coals; and upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Paper; for raising the Snua of £1,400,000 by way of

a Lottery, for her Majesty’s Supply; with a Provision An ingrossed Bill for taking, examining, and ftafing, to encourage the Exporting of Leather in.made Wares;

' Vol. 17. i«

712 3°° Junii —

is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation of all the Monies granted this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the said Committee of the whole House, That they have Power to receive a Clause for Dill ribution of£ .4,000 due for Gun-money, for taking and deftrOying several Ships of War, and Privateers, in the late War, to such Officers and Seamen, aslhatl make their Claims within a limited time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee of the whole House, That they have Power to receive a Clause to authorize the Commissioners employed in the late Lotteries to adjust and certify the Properties of Tickets not yet settled.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee of the whole House, That they have Power to receive a Clause to explain a Clause in the Act, of the Ninth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins tanned, tawed, or drelfed; and upon Vellum and Parchment; for the Term of Two-and-thirty Years, for prosecuting the War, and other her Majesty’s necessary Occasions; so far as the same relates to the Drawback upon Exportation of Sheep-skins, or Lamb-lkins, tanned, tawed, or drelfed.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Com/ers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they, had made feme Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at One

& Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Endowing Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Vicarage* by the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Inclo-IncUures. ^,res Gf fom€ part of the Common Grounds in that Part of Great Britain called England, for endpwing poor Vicarages and Chapelries for the better Support of their Ministers, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Scotch A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Militia. That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for settling the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-,

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{ \

Tellers for Ihe Noes| JJ J;: }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Enlisting Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in-Soldier* tituled, An Act to prevent the lifting her Majesty’s Sub-

wuhout je6ts to serve as Soldiers, without her Majesty’s Licence,

ut on y- be rea(j a secorKj time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

- i° Juliu A. 1714.

Navigation of the River of Thames, by Hopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex; and for ascertaining the Coal-measure.

Ordered, That Mr. Chapman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Curate^ Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England; Maintenance, and for the preventing the Sale of the next Avoidanoe of Ecclesiastical Benefices} was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,'An Act for the better Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England; and for preventing any Ecclesiastical Person from buying the next Avoidance of any Church Preferment.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

General Stanhope, according to Order, reported Discovering from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Longi-the Bill for providing a publick Reward for such Person tu *’ pr Persons 2s shall discover the Longitude was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill; and directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to continue an Act, of the Sixth Year of her Leafing Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enable her Crown Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of her Duchy of Cormoall, or annexed to the fame, was read a Second time.

Refblvcd, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Hause will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for the more Laws re* effectual Punishment of Vagrants, and fending the m' J^tin8 10 whither they ought to be sent, was read the Third time. a&ranU*

The several Amendment's following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pr. L. to leave out " July" and insert " Au-

"gust:"

Pf. L. To leave out " relieve," and insert " re*

" ceive

r

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed' unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into an Act of Parliament; and for the more effectual punching such Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be sent.

Ordered, That Mr. Shackerley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Jovis, 1* Julii;

Anno 13* Annse Regina, 1714. Prayers.

Dagenham A N ingrossed Bill, ihtittiled, An Act for the speedy Breach. xTL and effectual preserving the Navigation of the River of Thames, by stopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for the speedy and effectual preserving the 16

An ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act to discharge Commission-and acquit the Commissioners of the Equivalent for the «* of F.qui-Sum of^.381,509. 1 5s. 10id.by them issued out of the val*n,» Sum of £398,085, 1 or. which they received, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clatffe was offered, to be added to the Bill, That nothing shall extend to lessen the £14,000,

Part of the Balance of ^.16,5 75. 14r. 1 Jd. appropriated by the 15th Article of the Union; and that the £14,000 shall not be applied to any other Use than for manufacturing coarse Wool, in such Shires of Scotland as produce

the

Woollen

MiUUiiashire.

Preventing Growth of Popery.

Quieting

Corporations

13 Ann. 1' Julii. 713

the fame; and that what necessary Charges' the Commissioners are at in supporting the said Commission, shall lie taken out of the First Monies that shall come to their Hands, by way of Equivalent:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr L. Before" June"to insert "of:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to discharge and acquit the Commissioners of the Equivalent for the Sum of £. 381,509 15$. lofrf. by them issued out of the Sums of £.398,085. 10s. which they received.

Ordered, That Mr. Bulled do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Woollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley lh oad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein; was read the Third lime.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, to direct in what manner Forfeitures and Penalties for Offences committed in the Country against the Act may be disposed of:

And the.fume was twice read; with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 10th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for, regulating, improving, and encouraging, the Wroollen Manufacture of Mixed or Medley Broad-cloths; and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein.

Ordered, That Sir Win. Withers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King James Ifi, intituled, An Act to prevent and avoid Dangers which may grow by Po-pish Recusants; and alfoOne other Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act to vest in the Two Universities the Presentations of Benefices belonging to Papists; and for vesting in the Lords of Justiciary Power to inflict the fqme Punishments against Jesuits, Priefis, and other trafficking Papists, which the Privy Council of Scotland was impowered to do, by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act for preventing the Growth of Popery; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for quieting Corporations, by limiting a time for questioning the Rights of Officers therein, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the' Billbe committed to Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Soiicitor General, Mr. John

Waller, the Earl of Hertford,^JVm. Quinlin, Mr.

.Compton, Mr. Loicndcs, Mr. Mr. Palmer, Mr.

Murray, Mr. Carnegy, Mr. Ward, Sir Wm.

Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Finch', Lord Finch, Mr. Afa-bie. Sir Robert Davers, Sir EdmundPrideaux, Mr. Serjeant Comyns, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Annesley, Mr.

erley, Mr. Cotefworlii, Mr. Cholmondley, Sir Peter King,

Mr . Lelchmere,- Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr.

LtUwidi, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Onslow, Lord Win. Pozo-

lelt, Mr; Conyers, Mr. Mcdlycott, Sir Christo. Musgrave, Mr. Collycr, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Vincent,

Mr. Elf or d, Mr. Sale, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Vol. 17.

Mildmay, Captain Chapman, Captain Burgh, Mr. Calvert; and all the Gentlemen -of the Long Robe: Aud they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Leave to fit in a Morning, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the more easy bringing and trying Informations in the Nature of 2tio Warrantos.'

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the more easily Trying of Issues arising upon Returns of Writs of Mandamus.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Brozoning, and

Mr. Lovibond:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wife’s Debt to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, to 1116 or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time be- Cro'v,' ing, to compound with Robert Wif, and his Sureties, for the Debts which he owes her Majesty, or Hands bound for, as Surety for Customs on Tobacco, without any Amendment.

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Duty on Act to explain a Clause in an Act of Parliament, of the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for laying several t'uu',as’ c* Duties upon ail Soap and Paper made in Great Britain,

«r imported into the fame; and upon chequered and striped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; and upon several Kinds of stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and upon certain printed Pamphlets and Advertisements; for raising the Sum of £. 1,800,000 by way of a Lottery; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; so far as the said Act relates to Lawns,

Canvas, Buckrams, Barras, and Silefa Neckcloths; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying "P additional Duties on Soap and Paper; and upon certain c’

Linens, Buckrams, Silks, Callicoes, and Stuffs; and upon Starch, and exported Coals; and upon stampt Vellum,

Parchment, and Paper; forraifing the Sumof^. 1,400,000 by way of a Lottery, for her Majesty’sSupp!y;withaProvision to encourage the Exporting of Leather inmadeWares.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Lights at night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Land’s End House, upon the Bill for making an Harbour, and set- -ting up Two Lights, at the Land's in Cornwall.

Ordered, That the Report from' the Committee, to Powell’s whom the Petition of John Powell Merchant, was re-ferred, be received upon Monday Morning next. e‘

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Revenues ot Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the Scotch whole House, upon the Bill to appoint Commissioners Cll,10I>s* to inquire into the Value of the Rents and Revenues which belonged to the Archbishops and Bishops in that Part of Great Britain cabled Scotland, and into the Va-

lue of all Grants and Alienations of the same since the Year 1689; and to what Uses, and upon what Considerations, the same have been granted.

Resolved, That this House will, upon MondayMorn- Running ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

S T House,

Drawback* chi Gold Lace, &c. exported.

Endowing Vicarages I laclosuret.

Enlisting

Soldiers

withodft

Authority.

1 ady

Kingston's

KsUles.

Hamilton’s

Estate.

Urowne's

£tteltr

7 J,4

d. 3 7>I 4.

.Hojufe, ppgrn theJWL for the ijtiore effectual preventing tRe. Running of;Brandy.

U?yA^J,wA

at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself intp (fpnynjttfe

ir. ’ MVimt r.*r-y*i.Tn-wwp ’aurr,;7"V ^rrr~nynt-

in mentioned, in relation to me, Pfa\vf)a>^s.foi;tpefe/pe;

j^d for . better Jecnripg, j|}e Qptjf s. uppp several pi the

JUiijd, Coiij mod/ ties.'

Ordered,'TJiat the Report from the Committee of the r whole House, to whom the BillTor making Inclosures of some Part of the Common Grounds in that Part of Britain called England, for endowi ng poor Vicarages and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

- 1 I - ' ' 1

time.

KrJffyd, Th$t Jhp Bill, bp pqujmjttqd,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed top.Gqt^mi^e thewhoje House.

fff/tf^frf, That this ;Hp^(e jviil, Jp-mqrfQW Morping, refolye jtself Tnjo a , Cqmqnitqe of ,th]e wRyle Hqufe, upon Sill. " ....

And tl^on the Hq^fy ^joqrped till To-pjiprpojff Morning, N input the.Clock.

Fetteris, 20;

Prayers.

piIE Lord JfTm. Pallet reported from tl\e Com-JL mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Right bonQurable Rachel Lady Kingston, an Infant, to ni, ake a Reafe of Part of

her Jointure Estate, notwithstanding her Infancy, was committed, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Parties concerned ha^ given their Consents to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Co,mpiitte,e; and that tliq Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the tloufe, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same m at the Clyde's Table.

frojn the Committee, to intituled. An

t iting in rreyerifff Lfquife certain

Tlahds and Wereditampnts jn ttye Kingdom of pUrehaied by liiin’of the jlpgcptqr? of Ef*

quire, deceased and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the' Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties cqhcerned had given their Consents to the Bill,'to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments t hereunto; which theyhad directed him to report to the House; and }}? rea$ tpe ffim? ip |)js Pl^ce} and afterwards dsfjveped tnp $jil, atm ^raeq^rqen^, in af the Clerk’s Table; ^Tiffe the Atp^pjjnppj? vfffF > WP as follow; viz.

Pr. 8.'L. 31I After "Twenty-fifth, qdd " Day of:’’ Pr. 12. L. 25. After " secure'd,- add " to Re paid Pr. 13. L. i.R After " of," adc| " the Pr. ig. L. 14. Leave out "provided," and insert " revived."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House,

J$r. Qnjloic reported from. t]\e Committee, to whom Vie ingroiLd BdUiftw the Lordt, intituled, An A§to

-enable dmbrofe ‘Brown Esquire, and others, to make

Sale-of-the Manor of Bayham, in the Counties of Suffix and JCent; and to-settle other'Lands and Tenements, in the County o {-Surry, to the Tame. Uses as the said 'Manor of Bayhamnow Rands settled; was committed;

That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the *Parties concerned ’had given their Consents to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directedhim to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Billto explain, and make more effectual* Scotch an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, whenr~

for preventing Abuses in making Linen Cloth, and regu- "" a"um" lating the Lengths and Breadths, and equal Sprting of Yarn, in each Piece made in Scotland; and for whitening the fame; was read the Third time.

Bejolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title >be, an Act to explain, and make more qfledtual, an Act, passed in the Tdnth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for preventing Abuses in making linen Cloth, and regulating the Lengths and Breadths, and equal porting of Yarn, in eadh Piece made in Scotland and for whiteu-ing the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Elliot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, Thqt.it be an Instruction to the Committee Railing th» of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the Militia*<T -Militia for the Yeqr 1714, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, is committed. That they receive a Claufq for rectifying a Mi (take in an Act, passed in Riis pr.efent Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in Ijer Majesty’s Service; apd for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Ditt*. wfiole House, upon the Bill forraifing the Militia for the Year 1714, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Mr. Speaker left the.Chair.

qr fVillo. tiickman took the Chair of th,e Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Willo.tiickman reported from the Committee, Tfcqt they had gone through the Bill, and made foam Amendments thereunto;.which they had directed ldm t.o report, wheq the House will please to receive the fttme.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morro*

Morning.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House, according to Order resolved itself into a Revenne* Committee of the whole House, upon die Bill to appoint of Commissioners to inquire into the Value of Lands and B"hop*i Revenues which belonged to the Archbishops and Bishops in that Part of Great Britain called and into the Value of all Grants and Alienations of the feme finee the Year 1689; and to what Uses, and upon what Copsiderations, the same have been granted.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Murfay took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

J^r. Murray reported from the Committee, That they had gone through thq Bill, and made several. Amendments thereun to; which they had directed him to report,

when the House will please to receive the same*

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in-titnled, An Act few dissolving the Marriage of Francis Divorct. Eoggin with Sarah Gardner; and to enable him to marry again; be read the Third time Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

An

13 Ann. 2’--'3° Julii. fit

Reducing 'Atr ingrosse<r Bill torednce the Tlate of Interest, with-

lutereu. oat any- prejufjice toParliamentarySecurilies, was reaid 'the Third rime.

An ingrafted Clause was offered, us a Rider, to be added so the Bill, That Alignments 6f Securities before the 29th September, whereon any Money shall be owing, may be made after 29th 'September, for any 'Sum ‘not exceeding the ‘Menies due thereon,«t the famel nterest as.before that Day shall be payable-upon'fudh:

And the fume was once read:

And a'"Motion being -made, and theCJuftlion being put, That the.Clausebe read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the ' Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Aid to reduce the Rare of Interest, without Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities.

Ordered, That Mr. NutchinfonAo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; Mr. Confers reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ' Bill for‘laying additional c* Duties on Soap and Paper; and upon certain Linens, ‘Buckrams, Silks, Callicoes, and’Stuffs; and upon’Starch, and exported Coals; wnd upon flampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; forraifing the Sum of £.1,400,000, by way of a Lottery, for her Majesty’s Supply; with a Provision to encourage the Exporting of Leather in made Wares; was committed; the Amendments they bad made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to feme of them, agreed unto by the ‘House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, on behalf of the Sufferers at Nevis and s:

And the same was twice Tead, With Blanks j winch were filled up:

And theu the Clause was, by Leave of the Rente, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That several Army Debentures have lain in the Hands of the Paymasters; which Debentures are subscribed into the Capital Stock of the South Sea Company; such Debentures, not being claimed within a certain time to be thereby limited, tliafi be vetted in her Majesty; end to be applied as the other Stack of the Publick ought to be applied.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That Soap Catks, and Cake Soap and Balls, might be marked:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn:

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, in relation to Half-pay Officers making Affidavits of their Estates:

And the same was once read; and by Leave of the House withdrawn.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Fo. 1. L. 9. To leave out " and Buckrams:"

And the Question being put. That those Words Hand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, jjZ’"cTombU: }

Tellers for the Noes, j )

So it passed in the Negative.

Vol. 17.

Whereu pon' the- Bill was amended,' Tnf that Place, at the Table, accordingly; as also in other Places, in relation to the intended Duty to be laid up >n Buckrams.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill. 1

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

T?^/rerf,’That-thisiHoofe will, Tomorrow Mortiing, Leafing refolVe ttself into a'Committee of the whole Houlfe, CrpWn Lan',a upon thel Bill to contihne an Act, of the Sixth Year of10 °m 1 her Majesty's Reign, intituled. Ah ‘Aft to enable her Majesty to make I safes'and Copies of Offices, Landis, and Hereditaments, Parcel of her Duchy of,

or'annexed -to the fame.

RefilVed, That this Hdufe will, upon Mdnday Mom- Enlistitrg ing nCtft, refolte itself irito a Committee of the 'whole 'House, upon the ingfdflfed Bill from the Lords, ihtitu- Authority led, An Act to prevent the lifting lier Majesty’s Subject to lerve as Soldiers, Without'her Majesty’s Licence.

And then the -House adjourned till To-mofrow Mottling, Nine, of the Clock.

iSdbbati, 3° dieyulii;

Anno 13* Ann® Reginee, 1714.

P a A y t it 8.

Y}R &E RED, That the ingrossed Bill from ‘the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Settle- jjaiareen'* roent made on the Marriage of the now Lord Viscount Estate, Mazareen; and 'for better securing the Jointure of his Lady, and of Raphael Viscountess Dowager Mazareen; and for vesting in TrUftees certain Lands and Tythes, in Ireland, to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned; be now read a Second tiirte.

The Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shacker-tey, Captain Burgh, Sir Richard Child, Mr. Aniiejley,

Mr. Bertie, Sir Wih. Whitlocke, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr.

Compton, Sir John Mordavrtt, Dr. Pajke, Mr. Corfellfc,

Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Ward, Sit Robert Dovers, Mr.

Bmcebridge, Mr. BqfcaxVeh, Sir John Erjkin, Mr, Berkeley, General Echiyn, Mr. Baylic, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Pert-dttrois, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Brydges, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Evelyn, Mr. Pdnltney, Mr. Chapman, Mh Pigott, Mr.

Robitrfon, Mr. Aiftdbic, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Windsor,

Mr. Lockiooood, Sir David Dalrympte, Mr. Coates, Mr.

Cotlyer, Mr. NetdlStd, Mr. Serle, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Sharp, Mr Grevide, Mr Price, Mr. Hutchihfon, Mr.

Roll, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Parsons, Sir John Walter, Mr. Cholmondley, Mr. Cox, Mr. Broderick, Mr.

Srtiithjbn, Mr. Craggs, Mr. H, Colonel Grab me, Mr. Bnrjlem, Mr Bulled:And they are to meet this Afternoon at FiVfe a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Leave to fit in a Morning, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- BomduerV titUled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of L te* Brereton Bourchier Esquire, deceased, for Payment of Debts; and other Purposes therein mentioned; be ntwr read a Second time.

The Bill was read a Second time.

Refobvei, That the Bill be Committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be committed to the fatnC Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Settlement made oil the Marriage of the now Lord Vifcotertt Mazareen; and for better leduring1 the Jointure of his Lady, and of Rachael Viscountess Dowager Mazareen; and for telling iri Trustees certain Lands and Tythes, in Ireland, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned; is committed.

An ingrossed Bilf, intituled, An Act for providing a bifcowrHig publick Reward for Inch Person or PerfOUs Us shall difeo- tUd, Lonsv' ter the Longitude at Sea, was read the Third time.

An

ii6

3° Julii-

A. 1714.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

' Pr. L. After " time," to insert " the Right ' " honourable Thomas Earl of Pembroke and Mountgomery, Phili/) Lord Bishop of Hereford, George Lord 1 " Bishop of Brijhd, TLord Trevor: And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do p&fs: And that the'Title be. An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea.

Ordered, That General Stanhope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

New cimrth An ingrafted Bill for making effectual an Agreement, in the.Stiand. maile by the Commissioners for. building Fifty new Churches, with John Walker Esquire, for Ground in the Straml, to build One of the said new Churches upon, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed tobemade to the Bill; Pr. L. After " mentioned," to insert " Act:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making effectual an Agreement, made bjf the Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches, with John Walker Esquire, for Ground, in the Strand, to build One of the said new Churches upon.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Preventing An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Growth of for rendering more effectual an Act made in the Third Popery. Year of the ileign of King James Iff, intituled, An Act to prevent and avoid Dangers wdiich may grow by Popish Recusants; and also One other Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act to vest in the Two ijniverfities the Presentations of Benefices belonging to Papists; and for vesting in the Lords of Justifiiary Power to inflict the same Punishments against Jesuits, Priests, and other trafficking Papists, which the Privy Council of Scotland was impowered to do, by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act, for preventing the Growth of Popery; was read a Second time. llefolved. That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-t ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Railing the Sir Willoughby Hickman, according to Order, reported

Militia. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1714; although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; was committed; the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Biflp'ps.

Revenues of Mr. Murray, according to Order, reported from the

Scotch Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to appoint Commissioners to inquire into the Value of the Rents and Revenues which belonged to the Archbishops and Bishops in that Part of Great BritaincMed Scotland; and into the Value of all Grants and Alienations of the same since the Year 1689; and to what Uses, and upon what Considerations, the same have been granted; was. committed; the Amendments they had made to the Bill,

it

and directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, in relation to the Application of Money arising out of the Bishops Revenues:

And the famew'as twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrafted;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tollers for the Yeas, <: ] 57-

Tellers for the Noes, { } jS.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Petition of Eduard Popham Esquire was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, and Anthony Letch mere, Esquire flood Candidates for Tewkefbiiry, in the County of vacant by

the Death of Charles Dodfwell Esquire: That the said Air. Letclimere, by illegal Practices of himself and Agents, hath procured himself to be returned; in Wrong of the Petitioner, who had a legal Majority: And praying to be relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Francis Loggia with Sarah Gardner;and to enable him to marry again j was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday/ next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of the Exporters of Gold and Silver Thread Lace, and Fringe, Mullins, and Callicoes, and other Goods therein mentioned, in relation to the Drawback for the lame; and for better securing the Duties upon several of the said Commodities.

The House proceeded in the further Hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Sitting Members Counsel proceeded, and examined Witnesses for disqualifying several of the Persons who voted for the Petitioners:

And the Petitioners Counsel were heard, by way of Reply.

After which the Counsel on both Sides withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That John Lade Esquire is duly elected a Burge Is to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Southzcark, in the County of Surry;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 91,

Tellers fur the Noes, { *£ . } 75.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That FisherTench Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present parliament for the said

Borough of Southwark.

B<f oh

TftvVfIV'y

EiucLja.

Loprns

Divorte.

Drawback! onGolu &c.exports

SouthvLtric KleQ.ua.

13 Ann. 3° — i

T.oafine Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-<Yo«n Lands ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole in Cornwall. uouf(J> Upon the Bill to continue an Act, of the 6th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enable her Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of her Duchy of Corn:call, or annexed to the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn" ins*. Nine of the Clock.

Lumey 50 die Julii;

Anno 13* Annas Regime, 1714. Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Lovibond

and Mr. Hol/ord:

Mr. Speaker,

Curates The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act lljiuu'iuuioe. for the better Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England; and for preventing any Ecclesiastical Person from buying the next Avoidance of any Church Preferment; without Amendments.

I nwrought The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An lucle. Act to eXp|ajn Part of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank o i England;and for raising a further Supply

to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1709; so far as it relates to unwrought Incle imported into this Kingdom; without Amendments. Also,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House,'That the}', having under their Consideration ' Matters of great Moment, relating to the Trade of this

Kingdom, do desire, That such Members of this Houre who are Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, may have Liberty to attend them this Day. r And then the Messengers withdrew.

‘ Resolved, That this House will return an Answer to the said Message, by Messengers of their own.

! And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

BeJ'olved, That this House will, this Day, at One of jl . the Clock, take the said Message into Consideration.

Uvetraes of An ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act to appoint Com-.. «uch missioners to inquire into the Value of the Rents and

kshop*. Revenues which belonged to the Archbishops and

, Bishops in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-,

, and into the Value of all Grants and Alienations of

" the same finee the Year 1689; and to what Uses, and

ji upon whatConsiderations, the same have been granted;

, was read the Third time.

lit solved, That the B.I1 do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act to appoint Commissioners to inquire into k. 1 the Value of the Rents and Revenues which belonged

to the Archbishops and Bishops in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and into the Value of all ! Grants and Alienations of the fame fiuce the Year

e 1689; and to what Uses, and upon what Considera-

tions, the same have been granted, s Ordered, That M r. Murray do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

\ Railing the An ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the S Militia. Militia for the Service of the Year 1714, although the \ Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was

read a Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1714, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and to rectify a Mistake in an Act, of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better regulat-f ing the Forces to be continued in her Majesty’s Service;

and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their . Quarters.

| VOL. 17.

; Julii. 717

Ordered, That Sir Willoughby Hickman do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Prendergast’s to enable Sir Thomas Prendergast Baronet, an Iolant, Estate. to fell Part of his Estate, lying in the County of JValerr ford, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for the Payment of his Father’s Debts; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Medlycotldo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Drawback* Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the onGoldLace* Relief of the Exporters of Gold and Silver Thread, Lace, &,c*exPorud’ and Fringe, Mullins, and Callicoes, and other Goods therein mentioned, in relation to the Drawbacks for the fame; and for better securing the Duties upon several . of the said Commodities.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Loumdes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleaseto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Corfellis reported from the Committee, to whom Quieting the Bill for quieting Corporations, by limiting a Time Corporation*, for questioning the Rights of Officers therein, was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments, as far as Clause A, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wrere, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

Clause A being read a Second time; That, for preventing vexatious Prosecutions, no Informations, in Nature of a Quo Warranto, shall be filed, until Recognizance be giveu to the Defendant, to answer Costs, in case a Verdict be found for him; and every Person producing a Certificate to the Court of Queen’s Bench* or upon Application, shall thereupon file and prosecute any such Information, as aforesaid; and the Defendant to have Liberty of pleading the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Then Clause B being read a Second time, That every Issue joined, or to be joined, upon any Fast, arising upon the Return of any Mandamus, or any Action upon the Cafe, for a false Return, touching the Right of any Office, Place, Employment, or Freedom, in, or belonging to, any Corporation, Borough, or Community, shall be tried in the proper County where the same doth lie, unless the same be the County or City of any Town:; and, in such case, the Tryal to be in the County at large, out of which such County of a City was taken; and that no other Person’s Right whatsoever shall be brought in question, or any collateral Evidence, but who is the Defendant in such M* or Action, -upon the Tryal of the lame.

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That, for themoreeafy obtaining oflnformations, in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, in case any sufficient Person shall be

8 U named.

Members have I-euve to go to Lords.

Preventing Growth of Popery.

Supply Bi Duties on Soap, \c.

718

named, for Rftsrtor irt any Information, and {halt enter into a Recognita*?; in the Penalty of to

answer Colts to the Defendant, such Relator may file add prosecute such Information ugainlt the Defendant: And Hie feme was twice rend, with a Blank; which was filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon Che Qaeftfim put thereupon, agreed unto by the Houseto be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, bo be added to the Sill, for the better try ing the Right or Title of any Officer or Member of, or belonging to, any Corporation or Ike-rough, upon any Writ of Mandamus, or in any Action upon the Cafe, for a false Return of such Writ, with more Ease, end fess Charge, to the Parties concerned: And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled np; and the Clause amended; and then, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the BiD.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A. 1714.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to povrell»t whom Hie Petition of John Pozoell Merchant was re- Right of ferced be received Tomorrow Morning. Trade.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, EnlistingSoi-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, diers without upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, A11 Authority. Act to prevent the lifting her Majesty’s Subjects to serve as Soldiers, without her Majesty's Licence.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve - r a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole crown^Land* House, upon the Bill to coutinue an Act, of the Sixth in Cornwall. Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enable her Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices,

Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, N ine of the Clock.

5® — 6*

The House, according to Order, took into Consideration the Message from tile Lords.

Ordered, That Rich Members of this House, who are Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, have Liberty to go to the Lords, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch do go to the Lords, and acquaint them therewith, in Answer to the Message received from them.

Resolved, That tins House will, Tomorrow, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Ati Act for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King James ift, intituled, An Act to prevent and avoid Dangers which may grow by Pbpish Uecufants; and also One other Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King IVm. and Queen , intituled, An Act to vest in the Two Univerliiics the Presentatiolis of Benefices belonging to Papists; and for veiling iti the Lords of Jufriciary Power to inflrft the same Punishments against Jesuits, Priests, and other trafficking Paprfts, which the Privy Council of Scotland was rmpowered to do, by an Act, passed in the Parliament of , intituled, An Act for preventing the Growth of Popery.

A* ingrossbd Bill for laying additional Duties on ’ Soap and Paper; arid upon certain Linens, Buckrams, Silks, Callicoes, and Stuffs; and upon Starch, and exported Coals; and upon stampt VeHtrtn, Parchment, and Paper; for raffing the Sum of 1,400,000 by way of a Lottery for her Majesty’s Supply; with a Provision to encourage the Exporting of Leather in made Wares; wue read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; Pr. *, L. To leave out *and," before "Firkin," and uftwr " Firkin," to wifert " Half Firkin

And die feme was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bin was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refuh-ed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for laying additional Duties on Soap and Paper; and upon certain Linens, Silks, Callicoes, and Stuffs; and upon Starch, and exported Coals; and upon stampt Veflwtn, Parchment, and Paper; for railing £. 1,400,000 by way of a Lottery, for her Majesty’s Supply; and for Allowances on exporting made W aresof Leather, Shee*p-skins, rrrrd Lamb-lkins; and'lbrDiftribu-tion of Four thousand Pounds, due to the Officers and Seamen, for Gun-money; arid' to aitjuft the Property of Tickets, in former Lotteries; atidtouchingcertarn Shares of Stock in the Capital of the South Sea Company; and liar appropriating the Monies granted to her Majesty.

Martis, 6° die Juli't;

Anno 13* Annie Regime, 17x4.

Pka YERS.

MR. Berkley reported from the Committee, to whom Bourchirr’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Eftau. Act for Sale of Part of the Etiate late of Brereton chier Esquire deceased, for Payment of Debts} and other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found flte same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ejirl of to enable the Right honourable Richard Earl of Bella- nellamonts. mont to fell certain Lauds in Ireland, for raising Money Etiate. to purchase the Jointure of Lucy Anne Counteis Dowager of Bellamont; and for paying her Daughter’s Portion; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Pakington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hamilton'* For vesting in Frederick Hamilton Esquire certain Lands

and Hereditaments, in the Kingdom of , purchased by him of the Executors of Joseph Ivie Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

liefolved. That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ilutchinfon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Shackerley reported from the Comm it tee, to whom Lord R( the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act reen’s Eitaw for confirming a Settlement made on the Marriage of the now Lord Viscount Mazareen; and for better securing

the Jointure of his Lady, and of Rachel Viscountess Dowager Mazarcen; and for vesting in Trustees certain Lauds and Ty thes, iu Ireland, to be sold, for the Purposes

therein mentioned; was committed; That, pursuant to Hie Standing Order of the House, publick Notice, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, had been given in of the Bill; and that the Allegations of the Uifl had been examined by the Committee; and they found the same to

7*9

Drawbacks unGold / ace, he. e.xpol led.

Browne's J2fr ate.

Quieting

Corporation*,

Preventing Growth oi Popery.

13 Ann.

be true; and that all Parties concerned had given their Confects to the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House* without any Amendments: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Belief of the Exporters of Gold and Silver Thread, Lace, and Fringe, Mullins, and Callicoes, and other Goods therein mentioned, in relation to the Drawbacks for the fame} and for better securing tire Duties Upon several of the said Commodities} m is committed; the Amendments which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and . afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Ambrofc Browne F.squire, and others, to make Sale of the Manor of in the Counties

of Suffix and Kent’, and to settle other Lands and

Tenements, in the County of Surry, to the same Uses as the said Manor of Bayham now stands settled} was read the Third time.

Resolved, Tln*t tire Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Onjlmv do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this I louse hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for quieting Corporations, by limiting a Time for questioning the Rights of Officers therein, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill Pr. # I~ To leave oot "or Plaintiff in such Action," and insert " where tire Office in Question shall be " annual

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for qnieting Corporations, by limiting a Time for questioning the Rights of Officers therein; and for the more eafv prosecuting Informations, in tlte Nature of a Quo Warranto:and trying Issues afifing

upon Returns of Writs of Mandamus.

Ordered, That Mr. CorfeUis do carry the Bill to the , Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself . into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King James III, intituled, An Act to prevent and avoid Dangers which may grow by Popish Eeculants; and also One other Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties KingB/n. and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act to vest in the Two Universities the Presentations of Benefices belotiging to Papists} and for veftingin the Lords of Justiciary Power to inflict the same Punishments against Jefeits, Priells, and other trafficking Papills, which the Privy Council in Scotland was impowered to do, by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act for preventing the Growth of Popery;

A Motion was made, and the Question was put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, That all Persons professing the llomish Religion, who are seised of any Advowfens, may be impowered to fell such Advowsoos to Members of the Church of England, for valuable Considerations.

Vo l. 17.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir IVm. Whitlock took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir IVm. Whitlock reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made feme Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, u’hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Wm. Whitlock accordingly reported the said Amendments; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. l. L. 5. Leave out "of:"

L. 38. Leave out " where," and insert " whe-

" ther:"

L. 39. Leave out note," and insert " not:"

Pr. 2. L. 6. Leave out from " Donative," to "to," in L. 8, and insert " or."

The laid Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Third time Tomorrow, at Eleven a Clock.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to con- ?r£",n tinue an Act, of the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, oruw intituled, An Act to enable her Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the . Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made feme Amendments thereunto; which they had -directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer accordingly reported the said Amendments; which he read in his PlacC; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, In at the Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Complaint being made to the House, That since Privilege; the last Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against George Pitt Esquire, a Member of this Hoofe, William Jiani/ey Esquire, Mr. Wm. Coatjworlh of Gateside, in the County of Durham, Mr. John Mowbray, Philip Hazard, Nicholas Spark, and Henry Taylor, have brought several Actions at Law against the said Mr.

Pitt's Servants and Agents, relating to his Collieries and Estate in the said County of Durham; in Breach of the Privilege of this House; and spoke contempto-ously of such Privilege;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Eslifting SoU a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed ^iere without Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent the Authority>

' filling

yMr. Shippen, \ 53.'

(Mr. Nezvdiga/e: s

fSir Tho. Clarges, (Mr. Bertie: s 58

I-acly

Kingston’*

Estate.

Browi/g

Mate.

Botr-hier’s

Matt.

Lord

Mazareen’s

Mate.

IVe voting Growth of Pope i y.

J20

6° — 70 Jtilii. A. 17x4.

lining her Majesty’s Subjects to serve as Soldiers without her Majesty's Licence.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

An ingrossed Bill from ti e Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable Rachel Lady King ft on on Infant, to make a Lease of Part of her Jointure Estate notwithstanding her Infancy, was read the Third time.

Rcj'olved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Edate of Wm. Brown, an Infant lying in the Parishes of North Petherton and Weston Zoyland, in the County of S in Trustees, to be Ibid.for Payment of a Mortgage, and other Debts and Legacies, was read the Third time.

RcJ'olved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Edwards do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mereurii, 7* die yulii;

Auno 13* Anns Regina, 1714.

P RATERS.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Edate late of Brereton BourchierEi’quire, deceased, for Payment of Debts; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Settlement made on the Marriage of the now Lord Visconnt Maza and for better securing the Jointure of his Lady, and of if-

countefsDowager Mazareen; and for veiling inTrudees certain Lands and Tythes, in Ireland, to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time. Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Shackerly do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the same without % ny Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King James Id, intituled, An Act to prevent and avoid Dangers which may grow by Po-

Iiilh Recufints; and also One other Act, made in the .’irft Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King Wm. and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act to vest in the Two Univci fities the Presentations of Benefices belonging to Papists; and for vesting in the Lords of Judiciary Power to indict the same Pnnishments againII Jesuits, Prielis. and other trafficking Papids, which the Privy Council of Scotland was impowered to do, by an Act,

passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act for preventing the Growth of Popery; was, according to order, read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. L. 29. To leave out Transubstantion," and -insert Transubdantiation

Pr. 8. L. 17. To leave out "Sessions," and insert " Session

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Refolded, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir lVm. Whitlock do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Enlisting 9ol-to prevent the liding her Majesty’s Subjects to serveas diers without Soldiers, without her Majesty’s Licence, was, accord- Authority, ing to Order, read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, of the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to en- Crow# Land able her Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, *n Cornwall. Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act to continue an Act, of the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enable her Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and 1

Hereditaments, Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for Relief of the Exporters of Gold Drawteck* and Silver Thread, Lace, and Fringe, Mullins, and Cal- ouGoldL&rc. licoes, and other Goods therein mentioned, in relation &c. exported to the Drawbacks for the fame; and for better securing the Duties upon several of the said Commodities; was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be An Act for Relief of the Exporters of Gold and Silver Thread, Lace, and Fringe, Callicoes, and other Goods therein mentioned, in relation to the Drawbacks for the fame; and for better securing the Duties upon several of the said Commodities.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Eymer’*, See. Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Nat.

An Act to naturalize James Eymer, and others:

And the same were twice read, and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

2 Pr. 34 L. Leave out and

36 L. After " France," insert Paper marked A;

viz. John De Heart, Son of Lambert De Heart, by " Anne his Wife, born at Nimiguen; James Son

" of John Maturin, and Margaret his Wife, born in

" Miremont, in Guiene, in France; John Le Cojle De " Cray, Son of Alexander Le Cojle De by Eliza, his " Wife, born in St. Hipolite, iu Langin France-, " John Portal, Son of John Portal, by Margaret his Wife,

" born in Saint Hi/wlite, in Languedoc, in France;

" A maud, Son of Peter Arnaud, by Jane his Wife, born in

" St.H ipolite,i n Languedoc,i n France; John De

" no, Son of Daniel De Guillamna, by Margaret his Wife,

bore

i3 Ann.

7° — 8° Julii.

711

" born in Laba/lide Darmaignac, in; La

" Tour, Son of Stephen La Tour, by Frances his Wife,

" born in Tuilaurence, in La; Tulle.

" kens, Son of Buttger Tullekens, by Mary his Wife,

" born in Bosh, in Holland; Francis Ligonier, Son of " Lewis Ligonier, by Lowife his Wife, born in Cajlres,

" in Languedoc, in France; John Ricard, Son of John " Ricard, of Pauntandrehis Wife, born in Lunell, in

" Languedoc, in France; Mark Anthony BiJJiere, Son of " Lewis BiJJiere, by Glaudine his Wife, born in;

" Peter Frow, Son of Peter Frow, by Jane his Wife,

" born in Vivaj, in SwifserlandGabriel Michelet, Son " of Peter Michelet, by Mary his Wife, born in " neux, in Guiene, in France-, John Le Sueur, Son of

" Frances Le Sueur, by Charlotte his Wife, born in La " Ferte, in France-, Daniel Benar Pelifson, Son of

" Hyacinthe Benar Pelifson, by Anne his Wife, born at Angers, in Anjou; Mark Poullett, Son of Mark " Poullett, by Jane, his Wife, born in Anduxe, in guedoc i John Bourrely, Son of Daniel Bourrely, by u Frances his Wife, born in Nifmes, in;

" John Henry Guinaud, Son of James by

" Susanna his Wife, born in Newfchaltell, in " serland; Peter Guiball, Son of John by

" Mary his Wife, born in Ovigan, in " doc, in France -, Charles La Croix, Son of Peter La " Croix, by Margaret, his Wife, born at Livron, in Dauphine: Henry Pafcall, Son of Benjamin Pafcall,

" by Jane his Wife, born at the Hague, in Holland;

" Bernard Frederick, Son of Jacob Frederick, by " Agueta Maria his Wife, born at Cothen, in the Prin-

" cipality of Aulialt, in Germ; and Peter Fabry,

" Son of Andrew Fabry, by Catharine his Wife, born at Guilertre, in Dauphine, in France

3d Pr. L. 16. Leave out the First " and, " and after Durant," insert Paper marked B; viz " John De " Heart, James Maturin, La De Cray,

John Portall, William Amdyd, u Paul La Tour, Arnoldus Tullekens, Francis Ligonier,

" John Ricard, Mark Anthony Bojfiere, Peter Frow,

Gabriel Nicholett, John le Sueur, Daniel Benar Pe-lifson, Mark Poullett, John Bourrely, John Henry *lGuinaud, Peter Guibal, Charles La Croir, Henry " Pafcall, Bernard Frederick, and Peter Fabry:

40. L. Leave out the First " and, " and, after "Durant," insert Paper marked C; viz. " John " Heart, James Maturin, John La Cojle De Cray, John " Portal, William Amaud, John De GuiUamna, Paul " La Tour, Arnoldus Tullekens, Francis Ligonier, John " Ricard, Mark Anthony Bojfiere, Peter Frow, Gabriel " Michelet, John Le Sueur, Daniel Benar Pelifson,

" Mark Poullet, John Bourelly, John Henry Guinaud,

Peter Guibal, Charles La Croix, Henry Pafcall,

" Bernard Frederick, and Peter 4 P. 33 I. Leave out " and

34 L. After " Durant," insert Paper marked D -, viz. " John De Heart, James Maturin, John La Cofie De Croy, John Portall, William Amaud, John " de Guillamna, Paul La Tour, Arnoldus Tullekens-,

" Francis Ligonier, John Ricard, Mark Anthony Boisfere, Peter Froze, Gabriel Michelet, John Le Sueur,

" Daniel Benar Pelifson, Mark Poullett, John Bourrely,

" John Henry Guinaud, Peter Guibal, Charles La Croix,

" Henry Pafcall, Bernard Frederick, and Peter Fabry." Ordered, That Mr. Chapman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaiut them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 8° Julii;

Vo 1. 17.

Anno 13* Annas Reginas, 1714. -Prayers.

A ME S S AG E from the Lords, by Sir Tho. Gery, and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for naturalizing Darnel Burr, without Amendment: And also.

To a Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1714, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majesty’s Service; and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters; without Amendment: And also,

To a Bill, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into one Act of Parliament; and for more effectual punching such Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be sent; without Amendment: Also,

To a Bill, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as 11 tall discover the Longitude at Sea, without Amendment: Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by the House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Frederick Hamilton Esquire certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Kingdom of Ireland, purchased by him of the Executors of Joseph Ivie Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the speedy and more effectual preserving the Navigation of the River of Thames, by Hopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex-, and for ascertaining the Coal-measure; without Amendment. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, and make more effectual, an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for preventing Abuses in making Linen Cloth; and regulating the Lengths and Breadths, and equal Sorting of Yarn, in each Piece made in Scotland; and for whitening the fame; without Amendment. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to discharge and acquit the Commissioners of Equivalent, for the Sum of £381,509 15^. iofrf. by them duly issued out of the Sum of £398,085 10 which they received, without Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act to

Prevent and avoid Dangers which may grow by Popish lecufants; and also of One other Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King Wm. and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act to vest in the Two Universities the Presentations of Benefices belonging to Papists; and for vesting in the Lords of Justiciary Power to infiift the same Punishments against Jesuits, Priests, and other trafficking Papilts, which the Privy Council of Scotland was impowered to do by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act for preventing the Growth of Popery. And, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That the Lords desire. That such Members of this House as are of the Committee of the South Sea Company for the AJfiento;and also Wm. Lowndes Esquire, a Member of this House: may have Leave to attend the House of Lords this Day.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Messengers be called in again; and acquainted, That this House will fend an Answer to the said Message by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were called in again -, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith accordingly.

IX The

Burr's Nat.

Railing the Militia.

Laws relating to Vagrants.

Discovering the Longitude.

Hamilton's Ell ate.

Dagenham

Breach.

Scotch

Linen

Maiiu failure.

Commissioners of Equivalent.

Preventing Growth of Popeiy.

Lords desire Leave for Members to attend them.

72a

frjultl.

A. *714.

dated.

Laave re. The House took the Card Message into Consideration. fnfed, Cause And a Motion being made, and the Question being

not being put, That such Members of this House as are of the Committee of the South Sea Company for the AJfiento-, and also Wm. Latencies Esquire, a Member of this House; have Liberty to go to the House of Lords, if they think fit;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Morrice } 57-

Mr. Murray, Mr. Wi(/bn: } 72.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, That this House doth not think fit to give Leave to thei r Membersto go to the House of Lords; then* Lordfhiips having not in their Messagespecified the Cause upon which their Lordships desire their Attendance.

Ordered, That Mr. Bulled do carry the said Message.

Mr. Bulteel reported to the House, That he had been at the Lords, and delivered to them the said Message.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

l/jvibond;

Mr. Speaker,

Lord* desire We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this Leave again, House, That they, having this Day under their Exami-Cauf* nat'on Matters relating to the South Sea Company, au *’ which are of great Consequence to the Trade of this Kingdom, do desire that this House will give Leave to such Members of this House as are of the Committee of the South Sea Company for the; and William

Lmcndes Esquire; may have Leave to attend the House of Lords this Day.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

L<av* given. Resolved\That this House doth give Leave to such

Members of this House as are of the Committee of the South Sea Company for the , and to William

Lowndes Esquire, another of their Members; to go to the House of Lords, if they think fit.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

New Church The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A6fc in the Strand. for making effectual an Agreement made by the Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches, with John Walker Esquire, for Ground, in the to build

One of the new Churches upon, without Amendment; And also.

Reducing To a BUI, intituled, An Act to reduce the Rate of Iniereft. Interest, without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities, without Amendment. Also,

Preserving The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Shipwreck*, for the preserving alt such Ships, and Goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on Shore, or stranded, upon the Coalls of this Kingdom, or any other her Majesty's Dominions, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Army Dehi*. a Motion being made, and the Question being put* That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, That flie will be pleased to order the proper Officers to examine and date the Debts of the Army, in order to their being laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Mr. Strickland,

Mr. Ash;

Mr.

Mr. Conyers:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Tellers for the Yeas, <; Tellers for the Noes,

\ 6

Mr. Medlycot reported from the Committee of Privi-

leges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the several Complaints of Breach of Privilege committed against George Pitt Esquire, a Member of this House, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Report and Resolutions were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Complaint, That Robert Burrell, Clerk to Mr John Ora, hath delivered aDeclaration in Ejectment for Lands, in the County of in the

Possession of George Pitt Esquire, a Member of this House; in Breach of the Privilege of this House; and that since such Complaint, Ef-

2uire, Mr. Wm. Coatsworth, of , in the said

'ounty, Mr. John Mowbray, Philip Hazard, Nicholas Spark, and Henry Taylor, have brought several Actions at Law against the said Mr. Pitt's Servants and Agents, relating to his Collieries and Estate, in the said County; in Breach of the Privilege of this House; and spoke contemptuously of such Privilege;

That the Committee have examined the Matter of the said Complaints; and heard Counsel thereupon for Mr. Pitt, and for the said Robert Burrell-, noneappearing for any of the said other Parties;

That Mr. Pitt’s Counsel called,

Joseph Smith: Who said, That, upon the Three-and twentieth Day of June last, heferved Mr. Ord, and Mr. Burrell his Clerk, with the Order of this House, relating to the said First Complaint; and, upon the Eight-and-twentieth of June, he served Mr. John Mmcbray with the same Order.

Wm. Ladler said, That Mr. has a Wharf in the Parish of Wickham, in the County of , where

is an Ongate or Dockftaith; of Part of which Mr. Pitt has been 18 Years in Possession:

That he is a Servant to Mr. Pitt; and, upon the Four-and-twentieth of May last, Robert Burrell, Clerk to Mr. Ord, served him with a Declaration in Ejefiment, wherein Wm. Ramsay Esquire is Leflor of the Plaintiff, and John Mowbray is the Attorney upon Record: And Burrell told him, The Fje&ment was for that Part of the Wharf which Mr. Pitt has in his Possession, for a Way to his Staith:

That there are Writs taken out against 29 of Mr. Pitt's Servants and Workmen; lx of which were arrested, upon the 29th of June last, by Hazard,

Nicholas Sparke, and Henry who, upon such Arrests, being acquainted with.Mr, Pill’s Privilege, as a Member of this House, and that those Persons were his Servants, replied. They knew that before they came thither; and were ordered by Mr. their

Master, who was very able to indemnify them, to have no Regard to fneb Privilege, but to carry those Servants to Prison, if they did not find Bail; which they were therenpon forced to find:

That Cotejicorth is an Agent or Steward to Mr. Ramsay, who is also Plaintiff in those Actions, which areTrefpafs, in relation to the said Ongate; but Colesworth was not present at the Arrests.

That the Counsel for Robert Burrell infilled, That the bare Delivery of a Declaration in Ejeflment without a farther Proceeeding, is not a Breach of Privilege: And called,

Ralph Fealherstone, Clerk to Mr. Ord: Who said. That, upon the i8lh of June last, he applied to Mr. Pitt, and acquainted him, That this Ejectment tvas delivered ignorantly and unadvisedly; and they would withdraw it, if he would not infill upon the Breach of Privilege; but Mr. Pitt answered, He would insist upon it, unless they would desist from proceeding against other Persons in other Suits for Trespass’es relating to the said Wharf:

That this Ejectment is laid in the Court of Pleas at Durham; and there has been no Proceeding upon it, nor can there be any now.

Charles

Prnilfjt

13 Ann. V — f Jvlii. 723

Charles Wayte said, H« mw present when stone offered to withdraw this Ejectment; and that Mr. Pitt insisted. They should wave proceeding against all other Persons in the other Suite.

The Committee came to the following Resolutions; via.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. John Ord, having, by Robert Burrell his Clerk, upon the 24th Day of May lall, delivered a Declaration in Ejectment, in the Court of Pleas at Durham, for a Wharf and Appurtenances, in the Parish of Wickham, in the County of Durham, in the Possession of George Pitt Esquire, a Member of this House, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That the said Robert Burrell, having delivered the said Declaration in lyeftment, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Wm.Ramsay Esquire, the Lessor of the Plaintiff in

the said Ejectment, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. John Mowbray, the Attorney upon Record in the said iyeftment, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Philip Hazard, Nicholas Spark, and Henry Taylor, having, upon the 29th Day of June last, arrested several of the said Mr. Pitt's Servants and Workmen, in divers

Actions brought, touching the said Wharf and Appurtenances in the said Mr. Pitt's Possession, are guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. John Ord, Robert Burrell, William Ramsay Esquire, Mr. John Mowbray, Philip Hazard, Nicholas Spark, and Henry Taylor, be, for their said several Offences, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

LeicefUr Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Leicester, in the room of the Right honourable Robert Lord deceased.

Preserving Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords,

Shipwrecks. to t|ie 3ill, intituled, An Act for the preserving all such Ships, and Goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on Shore, or stranded, upon the Coalis of this Kingdom, or any other her Majesty’s Dominions, be taken into ConGderation Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 90 die Julii;

Anno 13* Annre Regime, 1714.

Prayers.

Truro /\R DER E D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant

Writ. L/ t|)e Qpek of the Crown, to make out anew Writ

for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Thomas Hare Esquire; who, Gnce his Kleftion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of FirstRegister and Clerk of the Crown in Barbadoes.

Prefwing The House, according to Order, proceeded to take

Shipw>cks. into ConGderation the Amendments,- made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the preserving all such Ships, and Goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced onShore, or stranded, upon the Coasts of this Ktn&rfom, or any other her Majesty’s Dominions. Vol. 17-

And the feme were read; and eve as fellow j viz.

z Prels, 4 Line, After " or," iofert " County of a;" and, in the same Line, leave out " of a County," and insert or Town

13 Line, After *» Shore," insert " or being " stranded, or run on Shore

3 Pr. 7 Line. After " Officer," insert " Mariners or " Owners:"

22 Line. After «< Officer," insert " Mariners or Owners

4 Pr. 9. Line, After " thereof," insert " and, if " periffiable Goods, forthwith to be sold

14 Line, After " appearing," insert u whp,

" upon Affidavit, or other Proof made, of his or their " Right or Property thereto, to the Satisfaction of One " of the Barons of the Coif of the Exchequer, shall, upon " his Order, receive the same out of the Exchequer

37 L. After " grieved," insert " at the Dif- cretion of the Two next Justices of Peace

38. L. After " shall," insert by such Justices " of Peace:"

6 P. 16 L. After " grieved," insert "to be recovered u in any Action or Suit, to be brought in any Court of " Record

At the End of the Bill, add Clause following;

Clause A: " Provided that this Act shall continue in " Force for the Space of Three Years, and from thence " to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no " longer."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Mr. Secretary Bromley acquainted the House, That Answer to their Address of Yesterday had been presented to her Address- Majesty, That (he would be pleased to order the proper Officers to examine and (late the Debts of the Army, in order to their being laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament; and that her Majesty was pleased to say, She would order the same accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Gery, and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for laying additional Duties on Soap and Paper; and ^)"tiey>cn upon certain Linens, Silks, Callicoes, and Stuffs; and S>oap' c' upon Starch, and exported Coals; and upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; for raising^.1,400,000, by way of a Lottery, for her Majesty’s Supply; and for Allowances on exportingmadeWaresofLeather, Sheep-(kins, and Lambs-lkins; and for Distribulion of Four thousand Pounds, due to the Officers and Seamen, for Gun-money; and to adjust the Property of Tickets, in former Lotteries; and touching certain Shares of Stock, in the Capital of the South Sea Company; and for appropriating the Monies granted to her Majesty; without Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Leafing to continue an Act, of the 6th Year of her Majesty’s CrowuLnnd Reign, intituled, An Act to enable her Majesty to make in ('or, lw'dh Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, Tfiat an humble Address be presented to her Scotch Majesty, That (lie will be pleased to direct the proper Equivalent, Officers to prepare an Account of the growing Equivalent in Scotland, pursuant to the Articles of the Treaty of Union, in order to its being laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty

Message to Lords tkat Passages be kept clear.

Serjeant to clear Lobby.

Papers, Sic. to be returned to the Clerk.

Lords Answer to Message.

724

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire, That they will direct the Painted Chamber, the Lobby, and the Passage to the House of Peers, to be cleared from any Crowd, when this House shall come up thither, by her Majesty’s Command, to attend her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Campion do carry the said Message.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do clear the Lobby of this House, and Passage leading to the Painted Chamber, from the Persons therein, for the better Passage of this House to the House of Peers, when the House shall be sent for to attend her Majesty there.

Mr. Campion reported to the House, That he had been at the House of Peers, and delivered the Message for the clearing the Painted Chamber, Lobby, and Passage to their House.

Ordered, That the Books and Papers delivered, by the Clerk of this House, to the late Commissioners for taking, examining, and dating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and also all such other publick Books and Papers as they have; be delivered, by a Schedule, to the Clerk of this House; he giving a Receipt for the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Hoi/"or d:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That they have given Orders for the clearing-the Painted Chamber, Lobby, and Passage, according to the Desire of this House.

A. 1714.

A Message from her Majesty, by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman Usher of the Black nod:

Mr. Speaker,

The. Queen commands this honourable House to attend her Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where her Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to several publick and private Bills:

After which her Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament:

And afterwards the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, by her Majesty’s Command, said

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is her Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament be prorogued to Tuesday the Tenth Day of August next: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday the Tenth Day of August next.

90 Julii.

INDEX

Message to attend the Queen.

Royal Asci to Bills.

Queens

Speech.

Parliament

prorogued.

INDEX

TO THE

SEVENTEENTH VOLUME.

io° pC ii# Amur, Pari. 5. Sef. 2. A. 1711 8C 1712.

ABBOT NEWTON, Petition from, relating to Duties " to be laid on Soap, offered; Question for bringing it up, Neg. 5 Apr.

Aberdeen, Petition from, referred to the Committee on the Land Tax Bill, 18 Dec. Vide Supvly.

Account* of the Ordinary of the Navy for last Year, ordered, 11 Dec. — of Monies issued last Year for the Navy out of Funds granted in iyi 1, presented, 10 Apr — of Subsidies to the Allies for 1712, ordered, 11 Dec. Presented, 2 Feb. — of Subsidies annually granted from the Commencement of the War, presented, 28. Referred to the Committee on the State of the War, 31. Vide Supply. — of Monies paid in upon Funds granted last Year, ordered, 11 Dec. Presented, 17 Jan. — of Ordnance Debt, ordered, 11 Dec. Of Debt for 1712, presented, and referred to the Committee of Supply, 17. Vide Supply. — of Debt from Christmas 1710, to Lady Day 1711, presented, and referred to the Committee of Supply, 27 Mar. Vide Supply. — Certificate how far the Imprest Accountants have passed their Accounts, ordered, 11 Dec. Presented, 21 Feb. — Accounts of the Deficiency of Money by Coinage of Plate brought in upon the Lottery A cl 1711, after the 14th of - May 1711 — of what is due for re-coining the Money of Scotland, and the incident Charges; severally ordered, 11 Dec. Presented, and referred to the Committee of Supply, 13. Vide Supply. — <of the CommissionersforDistribution of the Equivalent to Scotland, ordered, 22 Jan. Abbreviate of the Demands and Payments — State of the Cash to the 3d of August 1711; severally presented, 23. Referred to a Committee, 31. Report to be made, 29 Mar. Made, 5 Apr. To be considered, 5. 12.& 17.* — Account of prohibited East India Goods, and na-valStores from Russia, presented, i4Dec. — Statesof the War in Flanders from 1701 to 1711 — in Portugal — in Spain — of annual Subsidies from the Commencement of the War — of the Sea Service, presented, and referred to a Committee of the whole House, 28 Jan. Vide Supply. — of Money unaccounted for last Session, presented, 21 Fcd." Referred to a Committee; Warrant to Mr. Borrett, referred, 28. Committees added, 18 & 21 Mar. It 4 Apr. Report to be made, 7 May. Made, 8. To be considered, 8. 15. 22. & 26. Considered; Resolutions relating toMr.Brydges and Lord Ranelagh, 28. — of the yearly Charge of the Offices of the Navy, Victualling, Ordnance, and Transports for the War in Spain and Portugal, ordered, 2 Feb. The Charge of Transport Service from 1702 to 1711, presented, 7. Referred to the Committee on the State of the War, 15. Vide Supply. — of Money paid for Extraordinaries in Savoy, Piedmont, Iteily, Spain, Portugal, and Flanders, since the 24th June 1705 — yearly Lists of Ships employed in Spain and Portugal, with the Charge thereof, and of Victualling the Land Forces in that Service, Gibraltar, &c. severally presented, 13. Referred to the Committee on the State of the War, 15. Vide Supply. — Particular of the Pay to General and Staff Officers, and for Waggon and Forage-money, presented, and referred to the Committee of Supply, 20. Vide Supply. — Account of the Distribution of Monies for 1711 for General Officers, &c. presented, and referred to the Committeeof Supply, 29. Vide Supply. — of effective Men in the Leeward 1 lianas, presented, ana to lie on the Table for future Consideration, 28 Mar. — Account of Money granted last Session for the War in Spain and Portugal, presented, 31 — of Remittances to Holland and Portugal, from Christmas 1702 to Midsummer 1705, for Land Forces, fcc. presented, 3 Apr. — of the Distribution of Money granted for Garisons, &c. in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and the Plantations, presented, and referred to the Committee of Supply, 29 Feb. Vide Supply. — of the Transport Debt from Christmas 17x0, Vol. 17.

to Lady-day 1711, presented, and referred to the Committee of Supply, 25 Mar. Vide Supply. — of the Ordnance Debt, presented, and referred to the Committee of Supply, 27. Vide Supply. — of the Extra-charge of the War unprovided for, presented, and referred to the Committee of Supply, 10 Apr. Vide Supply. — Report of the Comptrollers of the Army, relating to Invalids, presented, and referred to the Committee of Supply, 14. Vid e Supply. — Accounts of Remittances by the Office of Ordnance for foreign Service, presented, 27 Mar. — of Remittances by Mr. Brydges for the fameService, presented, 16 May. To be considered, 3. 7. 10. & 12, June. Copies of Minutes, and Auditor’s Report concerning the m. — Account of Allowances for Discounts of Tallies and Exchequer Bills for Remittances, and of Discounts paid for Bills by the Deputy Paymaster in Holland, since August 1710, severally presented, and to lie on the Table for future Consideration, 12. — of Sums granted for 1711, with the Deficiency, presented, 2 Feb. — of Bonds given at Jamaica for Duty on Prize Goods, unsatisfiedthe ift of June 1711, ordered, 18. Return relating thereto, with Account of Bonds transmitted from thence — Certificate of the Circumstances of the Securities in them — Letters to the Commissioners; severally presented, and to lie on the Table for future Consideration, 23. Referred to a Committee, 5 Apr. Vide Prize Goods. — Account of the Charge of the last Lottery A&, presented, 6 Mar. — of Bullion exported, and seized, during the War, ordered, 7. Presented, 12. Apr. — of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on Leather, &c. imported, from the Commencement of the Act, presented, 7 Mar. — Representation, touching the Distribution of the Money allowed the Proprietors resettling at Nevis and St. Christopher’s, presented, 16. To Be considered, 3 & 7 May. Considered; Bill ordered thereupon, 14. VideJVerfr. — Returns, concerning the Losses upon the French Invasion of those Islands, presented, 6 May. — Account of the gross Produce of the Duties upon Woollen Manufactures for the three last Years before they were takenaway, ordered, 8 May. Presented, 17.

Estimates of the Ordinary of the Navy, ordered, 11 Dec. Presented, and referred to the Committeeof Supply, 13. Vide Supply. — of the Debt thereof on the 30th of September, ordered, 11. Presented, 22. — of the Debt thereof from Christ-

mas 1710, to Lady-day 1711 — of the VictuallingDebt for the same Time; severally presented, and referred to the Committee of Supply, 24 Mar. Vide Supply. — of the Charge of the Navy, Victualling, and Ordnance for Sea Service, presented, and referred to the Committee of Supply, 31. Vide Supply. — of Land Forces, ordered, 11 Dec. Of 40,000 Men to act with the Allies, with the Charge thereof, presented, and referred to the Committee of Supply, 15. Vide Supply. — of Guards, Garisons, and Land Forces, in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, the Plantations, and for SeaService, with the Charge thereof, presented, and referred to the Committee of Supply, 17 Jan. Vide Supply. — of 20,000 additional Troops — of Forces to serve in Spain, Portugal, or else where, with the several Charges thereof, presented, and referred to the Committee of Supply, 2 Feb. Vide Supply. — of Ordnance for Land Service — of the Debt of the Office; severally ordered, 11 Dec. Presented, and referred to the Committee of Supply, 17. Vide Supply. — of Ordnance Stores for Spain, presented, and referred to the Committeeof Supply, 15. Vide Supply. — of the Charge of the Ordnance for 1711 — of Remittances of Money for foreign Service during the War; severallypresented, andrefer-red to the Committeeof Supply, 27. Vide Supply. — of the Charge for transporting Forces from the 31st of December 1710, to the 31st of Decern. 1711, presented, and referred to the Committee of Supply, 25 Mar. V ide Supply of the Sum which will be wanting to make up a Sum payable to the

A South

